ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
-------------------------------------------
"Do you think they'll like me?"
Jenna and Tom were on their way to visit his friend from work, Mike, and his wife, Ellie.
Football season was starting, and Mike had invited them over to watch the first preseason game.
Trish had gone home for the weekend to spend some time with her parents, so it was just the two of them.
"Why wouldn't they like you?" Tom asked. "Worried they'll be judgemental about the age difference thing?"
"No, not really. I don't really care about that. I guess I'm just a little nervous. This is the first time we've ever done a 'couples' kind of thing. Everything we've done together so far has always been with my friends."
"Well, don't worry, I don't think anyone will be taking off their clothes today. At least I wasn't planning on it. Wasn't sure about you."
Jenna punched his arm playfully. "Jerk."
Mike and Ellie greeted them warmly when they arrived. While Tom had told Mike a little about Jenna, including her age, he wasn't sure if he'd made Ellie aware. But if Ellie was at all surprised by Jenna's youth, she made no mention of it as she welcomed them.
"Just started prepping the food, but we've got some snacks out, feel free to munch. Want a beer?" Mike asked Tom.
"Sure, sounds great, thanks."
"I'll get it," Ellie offered. "How about you, Jenna? Beer? Wine? We've got the mixings for a few cocktails as well if you'd prefer."
Jenna's face went red. "Um, well," she stumbled, "I guess I should tell you I only just turned twenty, so..."
Ellie cocked her head for a moment, considering. "Well, as long as you're not driving, I don't see the harm in letting you have a few drinks. I won't call the police if you won't."
Jenna relaxed, her face lighting up with her trademark grin. "I appreciate it. A glass of wine for now would be wonderful, thank you."
Ellie returned with the drinks and they settled in on the couch, chatting amicably while the pregame show played in the background on their large flat-screen.
"So, Tommy told me you have a daughter?" Jenna asked.
"Yes," Ellie answered. "Megan. She's out, spending the night at a friend's."
"Oh. Too bad, I was hoping to get to meet her," said Jenna.
"Maybe next time," Ellie shrugged. "I'm sure you two would get along. She's sixteen, so you're pretty close in age."
Jenna flushed again, her eyes casting downwards uncomfortably.
Ellie, visibly embarrassed, opened her mouth as if to say something. Instead, she took a long swallow of her wine.
Mike jumped in, changing the subject. "So, what do you think about the team this year?" he asked Tom.
Jenna was quiet as the guys talked sports. She liked football well enough, but didn't really know that much about it, so she felt a bit lost in the conversation.
Ellie had tuned out as well. After a few minutes, she cleared her throat and stood. "Well look. While you boys compare draft picks and stats, I'm gonna go start the food. Jenna, care to join me?"
Jenna followed Ellie into the kitchen, spacious and well laid out for such a modest home.
"The menu is pretty simple, really," Ellie was saying, "some wings in the air fryer, and some burgers for the grille. Mike will probably take care of the grilling once I've prepped the patties. So not much to do, really. Why don't you take a stool there by the breakfast nook while I throw these wings in."
Jenna nervously sipped at her wine while Ellie started the fryer. Noticing her almost empty glass, Ellie asked, "Want a refill?"
Jenna hesitated for a moment before replying. While she was thankful for her host allowing her to drink alcohol, she didn't want to appear to be taking advantage. "Just...just a small glass, please."
Ellie sat beside Jenna as she poured the wine. "Look, I want to apologize for my comment earlier about your age. I didn't mean for it to come out the way it did. I'm sorry if I offended you."
Jenna flushed, but offered a forgiving smile. "It's okay. I guess you weren't expecting your husband's friend to be dating someone so much younger."
"Mike mentioned you were a college student," Ellie replied, "but I thought maybe you'd be a bit older and just taking extended courses or something. Again, please don't take me the wrong way. I'm not offended by it, and it's none of my business anyway. It just...surprised me a little."
"Trust me," Jenna said, "I'm still a little surprised by it myself."
"Do you mind if I ask how you met?"
Jenna told her the story she and Tom had used with both her lawyer and her accountant; how they'd met at the diner she'd worked at and hit it off.
"Is he the first older man you've dated?" Ellie asked, quickly interjecting, "I'm sorry. I'm asking a lot of personal questions, aren't I?"
Jenna again smiled. "It's okay, I don't mind talking about it. Yes; before Tommy I'd only ever dated guys my own age. They didn't really work out, obviously. And by the time I started college I'd decided I was done dating for a while. I just wanted to focus on my classes. But then I met Tommy, and, well, it just...clicked."
"Mike and I met back in college as well," said Ellie. "I was a freshman, he was a sophomore. We didn't get married until after we'd both graduated, of course. But the years in between were pretty, well...I suppose you know how college students can be. Parties and, you know, experimenting and all that. Different people, trying new things. Sometimes it got a little crazy. That all went away after we got married, of course."
Jenna squirmed in her seat. She did indeed know about "experimenting." She just wasn't sure how deeply she wanted to get into the topic with a woman she'd only just met.
Ellie noticed her discomfort. "I'm sorry. I'm over sharing, aren't I? I've had a few glasses of wine before you got here, guess it's loosened my tongue a little. That, and it's been awhile since I've had some female company over. All my girlfriends are married, always busy with the kids and husbands and jobs and everything."
Jenna laughed softly. "Hey, it's okay. If Tommy and Mike are gonna be friends, I'd like to hope we could be, too. Even with our age difference."
"I'd like that," said Ellie. "Hell, next time the boys go to the strip club, maybe you could come over here and keep me company."
"Or, we could just go with them?" Jenna suggested lightly.
Ellie gave a small shrug. "Maybe. I haven't gone in years, not since Megan was born. We used to go together all the time. Or just out to regular clubs, you know, drinking and dancing. Used to doll myself up for him. He always loved the attention I'd get from other guys. Never got jealous about it. It would always get him pretty riled up, if you know what I mean."
Jenna couldn't suppress her knowing grin. "Yeah, Tommy's the same way."
Ellie arched her brow in surprise. "Really? Good for you. Most guys get so jealous, so territorial, if another man even looks at their woman wrong."
Letting out a wistful sigh, "Of course, it's been a long time since I've had that happen, anyway. You probably turn heads all the time."
"Oh, come on," Jenna objected, "you're still a beautiful woman. I'm sure guys are still giving you the side eye."
"If they are, I certainly haven't noticed. My own husband doesn't even look at me the same way anymore."
"I'm sure that's not true," Jenna offered sympathetically.
Ellie smiled sadly. "Look, I don't want to give you the wrong idea. Mike and I are very happily married. But things change over the years. Parties and wild nights together get replaced with nine to five jobs and feeding babies and cooking dinner and cleaning the house, and then you find yourself at forty going to bed at ten o'clock, too tired for even a quickie.
"That's why I don't mind Mike going to the strip club occasionally; it gives him a safe outlet to have a little fun. But I know he won't cheat on me. He's a good husband, and I know he still loves me. Just wish he'd get as excited over me as he does those strippers."
Jenna sat silent, unsure how to respond. She hadn't been in any relationship long enough to feel she was capable of giving advice.
Ellie was still talking as she continued preparing the burgers. "I guess you two haven't really had to deal with that kind of thing yet, being in such a new relationship. He probably can't keep his hands off of you."
Jenna blushed a little. "I suppose not. Although no relationship is perfect. Staying with him this summer has been fun, but it's also been an adjustment. There have been a few times we've gotten on each other's nerves, but nothing serious. Stupid things, really. He complains about hair in the bathtub; I complain about the toilet seat, silly stuff like that. And some days he comes home grumpy and tired from work. But he never takes it out on me or anything. And I have my ways of, well, cheering him up."
"I bet you do," Ellie smirked. "Pretty young thing like you; walk around in your underwear and he probably forgets all about that hair in the drain."
Jenna laughed. "True. I've been known to, well, tease him from time to time."
"I wish I could tease Mike like that," Ellie sighed. "I walk by him in my bra and panties and he barely looks up from his phone."
"Maybe you should...oh, I don't know. You probably don't want advice from me."
"No," Ellie encouraged, "go ahead. Say what you were thinking. I'm open for suggestions."
"Well," Jenna started hesitantly, "I was just thinking maybe, you know, do it more often. Get some newer, sexy underwear, or walk around the house without a bra. Flash him some skin, but in a way he thinks is unintentional. I bet he's looking when you think he isn't. Let him think he's getting an unintentional peek. You've got a great body; maybe show it off for him more, like you said you used to."
"It's tough to do that with Megan around," Ellie mused, "but now that she's older and out of the house more often, that's not a bad idea. Mike used to love when I showed some skin, even in public. Tastefully, of course, nothing too lewd. But he did get off on catching other guys checking me out. Always made him want me more."
Ellie looked thoughtful as she finished making the hamburger patties. "I want to ask you something, and please be honest, because I don't want to offend you or freak you out."
"Um, sure?"
Ellie paused before continuing, "Would it upset you if I...oh god, this is gonna sound so weird...no, nevermind, forget it."
"Please," Jenna encouraged her, "it's okay. You won't offend me. Tell me what you're thinking. If it's something I can help with, I will."
"Okay," Ellie said gratefully, "I was just thinking...Megan is staying at her friend's house tonight. And it would be nice to have some...alone time, with my husband. And I was thinking of maybe trying your idea of, you know, showing off a little, while you and Tom were here. Nothing crazy, I promise. Just, I dunno..."
Jenna smiled slyly, "You wanna show off the goods a bit around another man, get your hubby in the mood."
"Yes!," Ellie exclaimed. "Maybe if Mike catches Tom looking it'll light a spark in him. Something I can build on later, after you two leave. But I don't want to offend you or have you think..."
"Stop," Jenna said softly. "I get it. Trust me, I do. And I don't mind Tommy looking at other women. We're very open about that kind of thing. So I don't want you to worry about me. Although, I might have to encourage him a little. He may be worried about offending Mike if he looks at you too much."
Ellie laughed. "I'm pretty sure Mike won't get mad, but I'll be careful. I'll keep it simple, see how it goes. In fact, I already know how I'll start."
Jenna grinned. "I can't wait to see what you have in mind."
---------------------------------------------
"I wonder what they're talking about in there," Tom mused.
"Oh, I'm sure Ellie is talking her ears off," Mike chuckled. "She's been looking forward to meeting Jenna. Someone new she can talk about women stuff with for a change."
"Burgers are ready for the grill," Ellie called from the kitchen.
"Excuse me," Mike stood, "duty calls."
"Need a hand?" Tom offered.
"Nah, I got this. Relax. I got this. They should be done just in time for kickoff."
Mike headed towards the kitchen, only to collide with Jenna, who was just coming out. Her glass tipped, spilling wine all down the front of her shirt.
"Oh, shit! I'm so sorry, Jenna, are you..." Mike gulped audibly. The red wine was already soaking through the white material of her normally modest blouse, causing it to cling tightly to her braless breasts. He quickly looked away, but not before noticing her puffy little nipples.
"What happened?" Ellie came up behind Jenna. Spotting the mess, and the effect it had on Jenna's appearance, she couldn't help but grin, one she quickly suppressed. "Oh my goodness! Jenna I'm so sorry. Are you okay?"
Jenna flushed. "I'm okay, just, well...wet."
"Here, come upstairs, we'll find you something clean to put on," said Ellie, "I have to change my shirt too anyway, I got grease from the meat patties all over it."
Taking her by the hand, Ellie led Jenna upstairs. "I'm really sorry," Mike called after them. Then, turning to Tom, "Really sorry, dude. I didn't mean to..."
"Don't worry about it," Tom shrugged. "It was an accident. No major harm done."
"Well, if that stain doesn't wash out, tell her I'll buy her a new shirt," Mike offered.
"Mike, seriously, don't sweat it. Come on, let's get those burgers on while the women are changing."
-------------------------------------------
Jenna stood topless, shifting her feet, as Ellie dug through her daughter's dresser. "I'm sure Megan has something here that will fit you."
"Anything will be fine," Jenna tittered nervously as she watched Ellie reject item after item.
"Ah ha! Here we go. This should fit nicely."
Jenna took the garment from Ellie hesitantly. Unlike the modest, loose fitting blouse she'd worn, the shirt she now held looked tight, with a low cut neckline and thin shoulder straps.
Slipping it on, it was indeed very snug. It also left her belly exposed. "Are...are you sure you don't have something...larger?"
Ellie looked apologetic. "I'm sorry. Too much? It looked like something I thought you would wear."
"Well, normally, sure," Jenna shrugged. "But I..." She paused, laughing lightly. "I was trying to make a good first impression, so I dressed conservatively. I didn't want you to think I was intentionally trying to give your husband an eyeful."
"Well, too late for that," Ellie smirked. "He got a pretty good look after he spilled your drink on you, I'm sure. But if this embarrasses you, you can pick something else."
"I'm not embarrassed by my body," said Jenna, "at least, not anymore. I just thought maybe you..."
"Look," sighed Ellie. "I'm gonna be honest. I know Mike finds you attractive. I could tell the moment you walked in the door. He's been a gentleman about it, trying not to stare. But I know his tells. And I'm okay with it. In fact I'm kinda hoping it helps with my plan to get him in the mood later. If he doesn't get excited looking at me, maybe..."
"So you're hoping me parading around in a tight top gets him excited for you?"
"I'm sorry. Jenna," Ellie felt suddenly close to tears. "You must think I'm a horrible person, trying to use you like that. Forgive me. Here, let me find you a better..."
"No," Jenna interjected. "It's...it's okay. You've been honest with me so I guess I should be with you.
"Tommy and I, we... we're very open with our relationship. And he enjoys seeing me tease other guys. And, being honest, I love it too. But we usually discuss this kind of thing first. We have a pretty strict rule about consent. And while I'm pretty sure he'd be fine with it, I'll need to at least check in with him at some point. To let him know you're okay with it, and why."
"I understand completely," said Ellie. "I'm impressed you both have such a mature handle on things for such a new relationship. And of course his feelings need to be considered. And I..I should probably talk to Mike, too. Or at least feel him out a little before I do anything else. I know he USED to love when I dressed sexy around his friends, but this may be different, I don't know. Now, I'm not so sure about any of this."
Jenna smiled warmly. "Tell you what. Let's start slow. I'll keep this top on for now; it's really not THAT revealing. We'll see how the guys react. I'll pull Tommy aside at some point; you check on your husband, feel him out. See how he's handling it. We'll play it by ear from there."
Ellie smiled appreciatively. "You're right, of course. Good idea. Still, I do want to change my clothes. Maybe something just a little...tighter?"
Jenna grinned. "Hey, you've got amazing curves, may as well flaunt them."
-------------------------------------------
Tom and Mike were out on the patio, grilling the burgers, when the ladies rejoined them.
Tom immediately noticed the new top Jenna wore, as well as Ellie's outfit change. The red and white checkered gingham top she now wore showed off both her cleavage and her belly.
She'd also changed into some denim shorts. Ellie had hesitated to wear them at first after seeing how fat her ass looked. But she decided maybe showing off the junk in her trunk might not be such a bad thing. Besides, they only rode up just enough to hint at the crease of her bottom, not really expose it.
Ellie was excited to see both men give her an appreciative glance.
"How's it going out here?"
"Almost done," Mike said. Meeting his wife's eye, he gave her a questioning yet approving look. "If you ladies want to set up the trays and get the plates and stuff ready, we can eat in front of the TV. The game will be starting in a few."
"Tell you what,"Jenna offered, "let Tommy and I handle that while you two finish the burgers."
Before anyone could respond, she grabbed Tom's hand and pulled him into the kitchen.
"So I wanted to talk to you alone real quick," she explained.
"What about? Everything okay?"
"Yes," Jenna assured him, "everything's fine. But...well, first let me ask: what do you think about this shirt?"
"Um, it's fine?"
"You don't think it's too skimpy or revealing?"
"Not at all. You wear shirts like that all the time."
"Yeah, but...you don't mind me wearing it around Mike?"
"Ah, I get it." Tom was beginning to understand. "You're worried about how I'd feel if I caught Mike checking you out. Jenna, you know that doesn't bother me. I'd be more worried about Ellie, though."
"Don't be," Jenna smirked, "she's the one who picked it out for me. In fact, she's kinda hoping Mike does look."
"Really? She told you that? Did she say why?"
Jenna gave a brief rundown of the conversation she'd had with Ellie and explained how she was hoping a little teasing might help spark some romance between the couple later on.
"But I didn't want to go along with it too much unless I knew you'd be comfortable with it," Jenna continued. "I didn't want you to think I was intentionally trying to draw attention to myself, or to do anything more...revealing, without your permission."
Tom shook his head slowly. "Jenna, I'm glad you said something. I'm not entirely sure what Ellie thinks will happen here with this idea. But if you're willing to go along with it, I don't mind. Although I wonder how Mike will take it; he may worry his wife will get jealous and just do his best to ignore you."
Jenna smiled. "I knew you'd be understanding. And I think Ellie is gonna talk to Mike herself; you know, hint around that she doesn't mind him looking."
Tom chuckled. "Seriously? Well, okay. I guess I can play along and do my part as well to pass on the idea that I won't mind him eying up my girlfriend. But what about you? You don't mind being set up to be ogled all night?"
Jenna considered this for a moment. "I'm used to men looking at me. I can feel their eyes on me, even when they think they're not being obvious. They are. I've learned to block it out.
"But knowing you enjoy other men looking makes me feel sexier. Not because I'm exciting those guys, but because it excites you.
"Up until now, it's always been strangers, guys we never have to see again. This time, it would be your friend and coworker. But as long as you're sure it won't make things weird for you, I don't mind if he checks me out."
"Well, as long as you're comfortable with it, I'll be fine."
--------------------------------------------
"So you and Jenna seem to be getting along well." Mike scooped up another burger off the grille, placing it on the serving tray.
"Yes, she's very...mature for her age," said Ellie. "What do you think of her?"
Mike wiped a bead of sweat from his brow. "She seems...very nice."
"Pretty cute, too, huh?"
Mike eyed his wife suspiciously, unsure how to answer.
"Oh, hun, come on," Ellie smiled. "I've already caught you looking at her several times now. I'm not mad, you know I don't mind. Hell, in my college years, I'd probably have been interested in her myself."
Mike let out a relieved sigh. Taking his wife by the hips, he pulled her to him. "Yes, she's beautiful, but not as sexy as you, babe. I may look at other women, but you're still the only one for me."
Ellie could not help but kiss him, a warm, lingering one, and was pleased to feel him returning it with the same passion. "Thanks, hun. Keep up that sweet talk and you might get lucky tonight."
"Might?" Mike cocked his brow.
Ellie offered him her own wry grin. "Probably."
Mike swatted her ass playfully as she turned to go. "Hey!" she jumped, "Careful! You almost made me drop the burgers."
He called out to her just before she stepped through the patio door. "Babe?"
"Yes, hun?"
"Is...is that a new shirt?"
"No. I've had this for years. Just haven't worn it in awhile."
"It looks great on you."
Ellie felt her heart skip at the compliment. Leaning forward, she offered him a view of her ample cleavage. "Thanks. You sure it's not...too much? You know, for company?"
Mike couldn't contain his crooked grin. "Nah, not at all. If I'm gonna be looking at his girlfriend, I suppose I can't grudge him getting an eyeful of my own beautiful hottie."
Ellie felt a little tingle run through her at his words. "Did I say 'probably?'" she responded, giving him her sexiest eyes, "I meant 'definitely.'"
-------------------------------------------
The four ate and chatted as the game played. Mike and Ellie were on the couch, while Tom and Jenna had curled up together on the adjoining love seat.
Jenna was glad to see Mike and Ellie snuggled close as well. Something had definitely already sparked some energy between them; perhaps it was Ellie's outfit change that was definitely sexier than the slacks and tee-shirt she'd worn when they'd first arrived.
The shorts showed off her long, tanned legs quite well, and Jenna had spotted Tom admiring the sway of her ass when Ellie had gotten up to refresh everyone's drinks.
When she'd returned with Tom's beer, she'd also given him quite the eyeful of cleavage. While her nipples weren't visible, from the way her breasts swayed as she'd bent to hand Tom the bottle, Jenna was pretty sure Ellie had forgone wearing a bra.
Glancing at Mike, he looked anything but upset by it. In fact, he'd caught Jenna's eye and given a little shrug that suggested he knew exactly what his wife was currently displaying.
The way things appeared, it didn't look like Ellie would be needing Jenna's help to get Mike in the mood.
Which, Jenna thought, might be a good thing, because she really had no idea how to show off anymore than she was.
While her top was form fitting, it covered her small breasts well, and she didn't really have that much cleavage to display anyway.
Her own denim shorts were also tight, but not as short as Ellie's. Her ass looked fine in them, but she simply didn't have Ellie's curves.
Still, as Ellie stepped aside, Jenna allowed herself a stretch, causing her shirt to ride up just a little, showing off her flat, firm belly. She caught Mike still looking her way, but made no acknowledgement of it as she settled back in her seat.
Ellie returned to the couch and lay herself across it, her head up against her husband's side, legs stretched out along the cushions. With a wink at Jenna, she turned her attention back to the game.
By halftime, it was pretty much over. The home team was getting blown out, and many of the starters were no longer playing.
Still, Mike and Tom expressed interest in seeing some of the new draft picks play, to get a better idea of how they'd fit with the team.
"Well, I don't know about you, Jenna," sighed an exasperated Ellie, "but I'm bored. It's a beautiful day outside, wanna join me in the pool?"
"Um, I'd love to, but I didn't bring a suit," Jenna replied dejectedly.
"No problem, I'm sure Megan has a bathing suit that would fit you, if you want."
Taking Jenna upstairs, they again went through Megan's wardrobe.
"So, looks like things are going well so far," Jenna ventured as Ellie searched through the drawers.
"Yeah, we had a little talk on the patio," Ellie replied. "Mike was surprisingly open to everything. It's like he was almost hoping for it."
"Well, that's good," said Jenna. "I spoke with Tommy, too. He's totally fine. And I know he's been enjoying the views you've given him."
"Is he?" Ellie smiled. "That's...nice to hear. I kinda thought so. Mike's been very touchy / feely today; he always gets that way when he thinks other guys are checking me out. So I guess he's picked up on it too."
"Ah, here we are," Ellie exclaimed. She held up a pink, two piece bikini set, decorated with tiny white flowers.
Jenna examined it carefully. "Looks like it will fit. And show a LOT of skin."
Ellie laughed. "Megan bought this last summer; only wore it once. Mike had a fit and forbade her to wear it again. But hopefully, he won't mind it on you."
Jenna giggled. "I'm sure he won't. Neither will Tommy."
"Come on," Ellie grinned, "let's go change in my room."
---------------------------------------------
The third quarter had just started when the women came back downstairs. Both men took notice immediately as they walked into the room.
Jenna's borrowed bikini fit her well, and was similar to the suits she wore already. While she felt completely comfortable in it, she was well aware of how much skin she was now showing.
Ellie sported her own red two piece. Her much larger breasts stood out quite prominently in the strapless front knotted top, and while the bottom fully covered her ass, it did so just barely.
"We're off to soak up some sun," said Ellie. "Enjoy the game, boys."
Tom and Mike watched, wide eyed, as the women sauntered across the room, through the kitchen and out onto the patio.
The two men sat in silence for several minutes, neither of them focused on the game.
It was Mike who finally spoke. "What are we doing? This game sucks. Wanna go join the ladies in the pool? I think I have a spare suit you can use."
"That...sounds like a great idea."
As Mike led him upstairs, he turned to Tom with a sheepish grin. "I promise I'll try not to stare at your girlfriend the whole time, but I hope you don't mind me saying she's really beautiful."
"I don't mind at all," Tom laughed. "And frankly I'm hoping that Jenna will distract you from the fact I'll be checking out your lovely wife."
"Fair enough," Mike chuckled.
-------------------------------------------
The sun was bright and warm in the late summer sky; the water, by contrast, cool and refreshing.
The pool itself wasn't very large, perhaps fifteen feet in diameter. Nor was it very fancy; no deck or diving board. But the four of them fit nicely in it, and the ledge that ran around the frame was both wide enough for them to sit on while also providing a safe place to set their drinks.
Tom was monitoring his alcohol intake carefully, mindful of the fact he'd be the one driving home later. Jenna was also careful not to over indulge, despite her guests' generosity in allowing someone technically not of legal drinking age to do so anyway.
Ellie and Mike were far less concerned about it, being in their own home, of course. Especially Ellie, who was enjoying the need for refills as an excuse to get out of the pool and flaunt her bikini clad body to both her husband and his friend.
Several times now she'd intentionally allowed the bottom of her suit to sag just enough to show off a hint of her ass crack, pausing longer than needed at the top of the ladder before stepping out and adjusting it with an exaggerated tug that made it ride up between her butt cheeks. She could feel their eyes on her as she sauntered towards the house to fetch another beer for the men or glass of wine for herself and Jenna.
Jenna, never one to be upstaged, put on her own little displays as the afternoon progressed, often floating backwards in such a way that her pert breasts stood up clearly above the water line, her nipples hard and obvious beneath the sheer fabric of her flimsy bikini top.
And Tom had watched with knowing bemusement when she suddenly announced she wanted to see if she could still do a handstand. "I used to do them all the time as a kid."
The pool wasn't very deep, and as Jenna balanced herself on her arms, her butt rose above the water along with her legs.
Her bikini bottom was almost as sheer as the top, and of course clung tightly to every curve and delicate fold. She held the pose for several seconds, her perfect cameltoe clearly visible, before crashing back down in the water with a splash.
Jenna came up grinning, dropping Tom a sly wink as they applauded her success.
"Think you can still do that?" Mike goaded his wife.
"Let's find out." A crooked and slightly inebriated grin on her face, Ellie moved to the center of the pool and plunged beneath the surface.
Moments later her legs rose, failing wildly. Steadying them, she managed to point them straight up.
Her trembling legs parted in a V, and Tom briefly spotted a wisp of dark hair poking out from the curvy mound concealed beneath her suit before she crashed back down with a splash.
Ellie came up, gasping for air and laughing. As she stood, her top came undone, her full breasts spilling out, free and fully exposed.
"Oops," she grinned as she re-tied the knot, "didn't mean to flash your man there, Jenna."
"Oh, I don't mind," Jenna smirked. "Back in Ireland, my parents used to take me to nude beaches all the time. It was no big thing. It's the one thing I hated about moving to the States; everyone here is so prudish about nudity. I miss being able to sunbathe topless."
Tom could barely contain his laugh. Her story was utter bullshit of course. Jenna had been born and raised in America, and as far as he knew she'd never even been overseas, let alone anywhere near a nude beach before.
He kept this to himself, of course, curious to see where it would go.
"Really?" Ellie exclaimed. "God, I'd love to visit a nude beach sometime, wouldn't you, Mike?"
"Um, sure, I guess." Mike looked confused. "Never thought that'd be something that interested you, babe."
With a sudden gleam in his eye, he continued, "But hell, if you really wanna sunbathe topless, you could always do it here. Our privacy fence is high enough; the neighbors wouldn't see you."
"I suppose so," shrugged Ellie. "But I couldn't do it now, of course. Not with guests here."
"Oh, don't be silly," Jenna piped in. "They're just breasts. We wouldn't mind, would we, Tommy?"
Tom could easily read the silent communication in her eyes as she questioned him. With a casual shrug, he decided to play along. "Hey, you know me, I have no problems with it. You ladies can get as comfortable as you want."
Ellie looked at her husband expectantly.
Mike met her gaze, glanced over at Jenna and Tommy, then back to his wife. "Hey, whatever floats your boat, hun."
"Well then, as long as we're all agreed." Ellie undid her top, throwing it out of the pool with a dramatic flair.
"Great! This top was too small on me anyway," Jenna giggled as she pulled the strings of her own bikini top loose, tossing it behind her, hitting a bewildered Tom in the chest.
He'd been honest when he said it didn't bother him. He trusted Jenna implicitly, knew she enjoyed teasing but also knew her limits. He was, however, rather amazed at how quickly she'd escalated things.
Amazed and, after finally getting a good look at Ellie's ample, bare breasts, quite pleased.
Jenna again lay back in the water, arms out, allowing the water to buoy her weight, her breasts again standing out above the water line. She gave Tommy an upside-down grin as she paddled her arms to keep her afloat.
Ellie, meanwhile, had pulled herself up onto the ledge, applying suntan lotion to her now exposed flesh. "I don't know why I don't do this more often," she mused, "I've always hated tan lines."
"Funny, so do I," Mike cracked, caressing her leg.
"Well, I'll definitely have to work on that," Ellie smirked.
Jenna was pleased with herself. The spark between the couple was obvious, and although she was also topless, Mike's attention was far more focused on his wife.
Finding her feet, Jenna eased back into Tom's waiting arms. Craning her neck, she kissed him. "I think it's going well," she whispered in his ear.
Tom simply smiled, pulling her closer. Her body felt amazing next to him, but he tamed his desire for the time being. While he was enjoying the casual nudity of both women, he also understood things weren't going to go much further; at least not between the four of them.
After, when they got home, he knew Jenna would be a fireball of excitement. And he could easily guess Mike and Ellie would be having their own fun shortly after they left.
In the meantime, they simply enjoyed the rest of the day; talking, laughing, sharing stories (although Tom and Jenna kept their more risqué ones to themselves) and getting to know each other better.
Mike excused himself to use the restroom, leaving Tom and Jenna with Ellie. "Hey, I just wanted to thank you both for, well, being so...helpful. Did Jenna mention my little plan to you earlier?" she asked Tom.
"She did," he nodded, "and looks like it's working quite well. In fact, we'll probably get going soon; it's pretty obvious you two want some alone time."
Ellie blushed but returned his smile. "Thanks. I hope you don't think I'm a hussy; I haven't done anything like this in a long, long time. But Jenna told me you're both, well, open minded. I thought it might get awkward, parading around with my tits out in front of my husband's coworker and his girlfriend, but you've both made me feel very comfortable. Well, that, and all the wine."
"Hey, it's been a lot of fun," replied Tom. "And if you don't mind my saying so, you've got nothing to feel awkward about. Mike is a very lucky man."
"He certainly will be later," Ellie smirked. "But thank you."
Ellie reached for her wine glass, then reconsidered. "I should probably slow down," she confessed, "don't wanna ruin my evening by throwing up later."
Ellie leaned back against the edge of the pool, her arms along the ledge, her legs floating along the surface, allowing Tom to again admire her ample curves.
"By the way, Jenna," she asked suddenly, "when did your parents move to America?"
"What?" Jenna replied, confused. Tom almost choked on his beer trying not to laugh.
"You told us you used to live in Ireland; when did you move here?"
"Oh, right." Jenna contemplated for a moment before deciding to come clean. "I, um...sorry. I was born and raised not far from here; never been further than Disneyland in Florida. I just made that up as an excuse to get us topless."
Ellie burst out laughing. "You little genius you! Oh my God, that's too funny! I suppose I'll have to tell Mike at some point."
"Tell me what?" Mike reappeared at the patio doors, a confused smile on his face.
"Oh, nothing," Ellie answered, still giggling. "I'll fill you in later."
Mike shrugged. "Hey, Tom, need another beer before I come back out?"
"Nah, I'm good," Tom answered. "We actually need to head home soon. Jenna has some paperwork she needs to do before going back to college in a few weeks."
"Oh, bummer," said Ellie, slipping them a sly wink, "we were really hoping you could stay longer."
--------------------------------------------
Dried off and dressed, Tom and Jenna said their goodbyes.
Ellie had remained in her bikini bottom but had put on a tee-shirt. As she hugged Tom goodbye, he felt her soft breasts pressed against his chest.
"It's been so nice meeting you both," she said, hugging Jenna as well. "We definitely have to get together again soon."
"Absolutely," agreed Mike, shaking Tom's hand. "You're both welcome to watch the game here any Sunday. Or use the pool, whenever you want."
"I'd love that," said Jenna, surprising Mike with a warm hug. "I'll be pretty busy with school come September, but I promise I'll come back and visit with Tom whenever I can. Oh, and I'll make sure I get your daughter's top back to you."
"No rush, dear," smiled Ellie. "I'm sure she won't miss it."
Mike and Ellie stood in the doorway, waving as they drove off.
"Paperwork?" Jenna smirked at Tom from the passenger seat.
"Hey, if you can make up a bullshit story, so can I."
Jenna laughed. "That was so much fun. They're a sweet couple."
"I'm glad you liked them. I enjoyed myself, too."
"I wonder if they're going at it right now."
"After all that teasing? I'd be surprised if they weren't."
"Well, if my boobs didn't help, I did leave them one final...insensitive."
Tom glanced at her from the corner of his eye. "What did you do?"
The look of sheer, naughty merriment in her eye made his pulse quicken. "I may have...'forgotten' my panties."
"You...what? Holy shit!"
"Mad?"
"Not...at...all."
"How badly do you wanna fuck me right now, cowboy?"
"Darlin', you have no idea."
-------------------------------------------
Ellie lay in bed, clad in the sexiest nightie she still owned. She made herself a silent promise to go shopping very soon as she waited for Mike to finish his shower.
Mike froze in the doorway when he saw her.
Her dark, freshly washed hair flowed loosely over her shoulders. The dimmed lighting of the end table lamp reflected off of her silken negligee, and as she shifted her body towards him, he saw with delight that she wore no panties beneath it, her pubic hair a dark contrast beneath the white fabric.
"Hey, handsome. Been waiting for you." Her voice dripped with passion, her brown eyes sparkled with lust.
Mike dropped his towel, his erection already forming as he approached the bed.
Ellie moved to meet him, sighing as his strong arms embraced her, pulling her to him, crushing her breasts to his chest, his cock throbbing, urgent and needy against her stomach as they kissed.
Her hand found it, stroking him lightly. "This all for me?"
"You know it, babe."
Ellie plunged her lips to his again, tongues dancing as her grip tightened over his thick shaft.
She gasped as his hands moved to her ass, grabbing her firmly before slipping lower to explore the more intimate folds of her hot, needy flesh.
"Jesus, you're soaked already," Mike gasped. "If I'd have known letting you flash your tits got you this worked up, I'd have encouraged it a long time ago."
Ellie grinned up at him, her hand still moving over his madly throbbing cock. "You're pretty worked up yourself, big boy. I'm sure seeing that cute little redhead's perky young tits certainly helped."
Mike cupped his wife's breast with his free hand. "Ah, c'mon, babe. Yeah, her boobs were cute, but you know I like 'em big and bouncy."
"So you wouldn't fuck her if I gave you a pass?"
"Well, I didn't exactly say THAT, now did I?"
Ellie laughed. This was standard banter between the two of them, although it had been some time since they'd last engaged in it.
"So you do find Jenna sexy."
"Babe, in all honesty? She's really cute, and there's something about her that screams 'firecracker in bed.' But she's not really my type."
Moving both hands to her hips, he again pulled her close, pressing his cock against her belly. "I like my women a little thicker, more curvy, some meat on their bones."
"Really? Guess you're not interested in the other little surprise I have for you, then."
"Surprise?"
Ellie leaned over and, reaching under the pillow, produced a tiny pair of pink, cotton panties.
Mike's eyes went wide. "Are those...?"
"Yes," Ellie grinned. "Found them on the floor. She must have been pretty tipsy to forget putting them back on when she got dressed."
"Are they...do they...?"
"Yes. I've already sniffed them. They smell lovely. Wanna sample?"
Back in college, Mike and Ellie had fooled around with several others, including women, and it was during those encounters that they'd discovered their mutual fetish for the scent of vagina.
While those days were past, and Ellie hadn't really desired another woman since, the scent of Jenna's panties brought back fond recollections of their torrid adventures.
Watching as her husband inhaled deeply from the delicate garment, she knew it was sparking old memories for him as well.
"Jesus Christ, Ellie! These smell so fucking good! Holy fuck! Earthy, but sweet, with a little hint of sweat and jasmine. It reminds me of...of..."
"Janeane Grossman," Ellie finished for him.
"Janeane! Jesus, yes! God, I used to love watching you eat her pussy while I fucked you from behind."
Ellie pulled him down to the bed, straddling his lap, his cock now pressed against her hot, slick cleft.
Taking his hand, she brought the panties to his nose, leaning in to inhale the feminine fragrance of them with him. "Remember when she sat on your face while I rode your cock?"
Mike breathed deeply again before replying, "How could I forget?"
With one swift thrust of her hips, Ellie impaled herself on his shaft, taking him deep within her.
Their lovemaking was unbridled yet sweet. Ellie rode wave after wave of multiple orgasms, Mike fucking her in more positions in one night than they had in months.
They swapped Jenna's panties between them during, the simple yet effective taboo nature of it enhancing their pleasure as they shared each other's bodies along with reliving past experiences, reminding each other of just how crazy in love, and lust, they had been in their younger years.
Afterwards, Ellie lay in his arms, sweaty, sore, and satisfied.
"Babe?" Her voice was a soft whisper. "Have you ever thought about...bringing another woman into our bed again?"
Mike snapped out of his blissful haze. "Why? Is that something you'd be...interested in?"
Ellie ran her fingers through his chest hair. "I...I think I might be, yes."
Mike looked over at his wife, stunned by both her beauty in that moment, as well as her revelation. "If...if you're serious, it's certainly something we can explore."
"I'd like that." Her lips found his as she moved her body over him.
Mike was late for work the next morning.
-------------------------------------------
Jenna lay beside a sleeping Tom, both of them worn out after an exceptionally passionate fuck.
She was just beginning to doze off herself when she heard her phone buzz.
It was a text message from Ellie; they'd swapped numbers while changing after the pool.
"Just wanted to say thank you both again for everything, especially your little gift. We enjoyed ourselves immensely. Several times. ;) Hope you and Tom had a wonderful night as well."
"Oh, we did,"Jenna texted back,"I'm glad things worked out. Talk again soon."
"Who was that?" Tom muttered sleepily as Jenna snuggled back beside him.
"Ellie. She says 'thank you.'"
"I take it they had fun?"
"Several times, apparently."
Tom chuckled softly. "Good for them."
Despite his exhaustion, he felt himself stirring again, thinking about Mike and Ellie sniffing Jenna's panties and what that might have done to inspire them.
Jenna was stirring too, her hand already sliding down his stomach towards his groin.
He wound up being late for work as well.
-------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
I sincerely hope none of you expected things to go farther in this tale; for it to turn into a swingers swap, or both couples having sex in front of each other in the pool.
If you're a long time reader of this series, you know that's simply not Jenna's style.
I myself struggled with just how far things would go before deciding on the path this eventually took.
But I think things got just hot and sexy enough to stimulate both couples without going overboard in how they interacted with each other.
That's not to say things may not go further in the future. Jenna and Ellie have formed a friendship; who knows where that could lead?
As always, your comments and feedback are most welcome.
Until next time. ✌️