"Hey Tammy, it's me."
"Hey. Are you still coming to visit?"
"Yeah, I'll land at 5:00pm on the 28th as hoped. Can you pick me up at the airport still or do I need to go ahead and rent a car?" I asked of my long time best friend, even if we hadn't shared more than a phone call in the last year.
"No, I'll be there; I look forward to seeing you and having you stay with us."
"I look forward to it , too. You sure Jake wont mind?"
"Jake will be gone most of the time you're here. Work keeps him busy, so for the most part it will be just the two of us. However, I will be gone some times during the day as well. I tried to clear this week but then a woman I work with emergency and will be out of town. I said I would work half shifts if they needed me to cover. Knowing my boss he will work me some."
"No problem. I should be able to come up with something to do while you're away, maybe some sightseeing. Sorry but I do need to let you go and attempt to tie up some of the lose ends around here before heading your way."
"Okay. If I don't talk to you before I will see you when I pick you up next week. Don't forget to bring your bathing suit. It's been hot as hell here, you'll need it."
"Thanks for the warning. Take care."
"You too...and have a safe trip."
Tammy and I said our good byes and hung up and I went to work making a list of all the minor details that I needed to make sure I dealt with before my trip. While working my mind over details like, what to wear, making sure I had a good book to read during the flight, and taking my cell phone charger; I also thought about how different my life was from Tammy's.
We were the same age and had attended everything from Kindergarten right on up through high school together. We both went to different ways then, though we still kept in touch. I had went to college and she moved further away and married Jake. I had only dated a few different men and certainly not anyone I wanted to marry. I focused on work and it has been over a year since my last boyfriend. Tammy and Jake have been happily married (except for when work kept him away so much) for the last two years. Still no kids, but Tammy said that they had decided to concentrate on their careers, him as a carpenter and her as a manager at a local grocery store.
Tammy and I had been talking about the huge Fourth of July celebration that occurred there every year. "The city has a parade, and entertainment, a little bit of everything, just a day of fun." was the way that she explained it. I admit, I wanted a change of pace and now was a good time for it since I had been laid off from my job as a secretary due to the company needing to cut costs. A vacation was what I needed. After I said I should come see it, Tammy's became excited by the idea and it took on a life all its own and we quickly decided that I would schedule a flight out the next day.
I'm not one to do spur of the moment things. I am more laid back in my approach to life, so I surprised myself by going through with our new plan. I couldn't have realized at that time exactly how many other surprises I would find during my week long vacation.
~~~
The day of my flight saw me hurrying to finish all the last minute details. I was filled with an excitement that I hadn't known for quite some time. In just a few short hours, I would see Tammy for the first time in almost a year. And, with nothing tying me here, maybe I would find a new beginning there.
I stepped off the plane and true to her word, Tammy was there waiting on me. She had changed slightly from the way I remembered her, as we all do over time, her hair was longer and she had lost a little weight, and she looked very happy. I couldn't help but envy her slightly considering she had everything I could want.
Tammy and I hugged in greeting and said of how great it was to see one another again and how it had seemed like a lot longer than a year since we had been close enough to say "HI." without needing to pick up the phone. We complimented each other on the way our appearances had changed as we rushed around looking for my luggage.
On the drive to her house, we continued catching up. We talked about how she was happy with Jake and thought they had a great marriage when work didn't interrupt them. How great her job was. How her parents had been by to visit last month and they had a wonderful visit but her mom wanted to know when they could expect news of a grand child coming into the world. Tammy confessed to me that though they both wanted kids neither of them were ready to give up their careers or the privacy that is lost with kids in the house. She spoke of many other things and though most of the topics had been covered on the phone, they seemed to take on new meaning now that we were face-to-face. The hour-long ride, was filled with conversation and through it all I enjoyed her happiness. I let her guide the conversation, not mentioning that my life was a mess right now.
We walked into her house through the kitchen and was greeted by the sound voices coming from the livingroom. I assumed that one of them was Jake and Tammy told me that the other voice was Trevor, their next door neighbor. Jake was sitting facing toward the entrance to the livingroom and I said my "hellos" to him. The other man turned to face in my direction, my heart skipped a beat, it took a minute to respond when Jake finished the introductions.
Trevor stood up to his full six foot height and took a few steps toward me holding out his hand and saying it was nice to meet me and I stuttered out the same while taking in his appearance. He definitely fit the bill for tall dark and handsome. He was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, arms and legs were tanned, and he had the dark wavy hair that any woman would love. His smile was friendly, but what really caught me were his eyes. His eyes had little lines out to the side, giving a small hint to his age and though there was nothing remarkable about the brown eyes there was warmth to them. As if by looking at you, he could see deep inside you where all your secrets are kept.
I knew when Tammy asked if cooking out hamburgers was good enough for me tonight for dinner and Jake questioned if I had a good flight in that no one noticed my response to Trevor. Even Trevor apparently failed to notice my response to him as he began talking about how great it was to finally meet me since he had heard so much from Tammy about me. "What did she tell him about me?" I wondered silently and I could only wish that she had mentioned him to me as well. She should have warned me that her neighbor was every girl's fantasy and filled me in on the details about him, most importantly "Was he married?"
"Trevor, would you like to join us for dinner?" Tammy questioned of him.
"Sure, beats dining alone." He said without missing a beat.
"Great, it will give Jake someone to talk guy stuff with while we catch up on all the girl talk." She stated giving me a quick wink.
"I'll start on dinner, and you must be drained from your flight." Tammy said to me before continuing with "These guys will take your bags to the guest room upstairs." glancing at Trevor and smiling warmly at Jake. "Take as long as you need to freshen up" she continued talking to me, "and put on your bathing-suit. While Jake is grilling hamburgers, you and I can jump in the pool for a little bit."
I had to smile at her mothering attitude. Remembering how she had always been the one to decide how things were going to go when we were growing up how when she had decided on something being done that was the way it was going to be. With that knowledge, I decided that she wouldn't take "no" for an answer so I asked, "Where do I need to go to freshen up?"
"Oh, the guest bedroom upstairs on the right, left is my room. Each of them has their own bathroom, though yours only has a shower. I will get these two heading that way with your luggage. You go on up."
"Okay." I said still smiling as I headed toward the upstairs bedroom.
Once there I realized that I really needed to use the bathroom. I considered waiting until my bags were there, but the urge was a bit too strong to resist. When I was almost finished washing my hands afterward, I heard someone enter the room and I called out, "Just put them anywhere." I finished washing and pulled open the door and as I began through, I bumped right into Trevor who had just finished putting my biggest bag onto the bed. He had turned around just as I walked through the door and due to the close proximity, a collision was inevitable, and I felt myself bump into him. I felt my chest against his stomach and then his hands on my shoulders to steady us both.
I stuttered out, "I'm sorry" even as he said the same, and I mistakenly looked up and into his eyes and felt them once again burning into me, as if he would kiss me now, and I found that I hoped he would.
A kiss or anything else wasn't meant to be because at that time, Jake walked in carrying my other bag. Trevor and I stepped back away from one another quickly as if we were two naughty teenagers who had been caught in a forbidden embrace, quickly saying "sorry about that" to one another again. Jake, I noticed, was smiling as if he saw us as those two teens that were caught and trying to pretend innocence. I could tell that my cheeks flamed in embarrassment so I turned quickly towards the bag on the bed and began to open it, dismissing both men in one movement so that neither of them would see my now reddened face.
When they left and I got into the bag that held my bathing suit, I then realized that I hadn't packed one planning to have the hunky new neighbor see me in it. All I had brought was a bikini, hoping that during my time here I would be able to work on my tan. If Tammy would have told me about the man next door, who I still wasn't sure was single, I would have brought a better suit. A bathing suit that would maybe make up for what I didn't have and hide some of what I had to much of. Instead, I had packed the bikini that ties around the neck and back with a small string holding the two cups in place with no padding and low rise string bottoms that did nothing to conceal my belly or my butt. Worst of all it is a bright florescent green, sure to draw attention to me.
Slipping it on and then standing in front of the mirror, I studied myself as others might see me while dressed like this and thought maybe I wasn't so bad, but as I headed out the door I grabbed a towel to wrap around my waist. I smiled as I thought to myself, "I cant hide my small chest with this thing on but as long as the towel stays around my waist when I'm out of the pool, maybe Trevor wont notice the few extra pounds."
Everyone was already outside when I came downstairs and then I stepped out the back door where I could hear their muffled voices and into the pool area. Trevor was facing towards the door as if waiting on me to come outside, or at least I half hoped he had been waiting for me. He glanced in my direction and then turned back to his discussion with Jake and I felt a moment's disappointment. Then Tammy called to me from a chair beside the pool. "What happened up there in the bedroom with Trevor?" she teased.
Instantly my face flamed red again and I couldn't resist glancing at Trevor even as he looked in my direction, his face a mixture of embarrassment and humor. Apparently, he realized the same thing I did; there was no way to explain it away and still come out innocent, regardless of innocence. Deciding to get myself off the hook as well as hoping to make it a light situation, I said, "He couldn't resist my appeal." and everyone laughed over my joke, even Trevor though I felt his eyes burning into me as I walked toward Tammy.
The rest of the evening went off without any problems, real or imagined, and I managed to figure out that Trevor was divorced with no kids. Apparently, he and his wife had married quickly, and then just couldn't live together. They split up within six months and had it finalized a couple years ago. They could still talk if they saw one another but had no desire to try their luck again.
Trevor and I talked very little but I saw him watching me quite often. At first, I felt somewhat shy when I noticed his attention but as the night wore on, I began to enjoy his attentions. In fact, I began to try and encourage it by letting him catch me looking at him, or making adjustments to my bathing suit top when I had caught him watching, for a while I even left off the towel around my waist to see if he would watch me then. He did.
His attention to everything I did was having an amazing effect upon me. I went from somewhat shy to more courageous, and then even a little turned on by the looks he was giving me. I felt a tingle of awareness every time he looked at me, as if it were a touch. I had never felt arousal from someone looking at me, but I hadn't had a real sex partner in months. I figured that could be why. Why it worked wasn't as big a deal as just knowing that he found me appealing enough to look at. "Could I tease him into making an approach and have him prove what his eyes portray?" I wondered silently.
Later, after Trevor had gone home I claimed exhaustion and headed off for my own room. It was then, lying there on the bed, that I really decided that I would like to try my luck at seducing Trevor. Even if it didn't turn into anything, I liked the sexy feeling I had while knowing he watched my every move. Would he watch me again tomorrow? Or will he have changed his mind by tomorrow. Only time would tell, the next time I see him I will know, I reassured myself. Not being the forward type I wasn't completely sure how to go about seducing someone, but was determined to see if I could.
I lay in bed thinking for the next hour trying to decide how to go about seducing someone without being too obvious. I then decided that I should get up and grab a drink, and then maybe I would really be able to fall asleep.
I was all the way down the stairs when I heard Tammy in the livingroom. She was whispering so softly that I couldn't understand what she was she saying and then I heard her start to moan in obvious pleasure. I heard Jake also, could hear his groaning and in between their noises I could hear the steady thumping of being him thrusting into her while they lay on the floor.
My face turned slightly pink over hearing them in their private moments and I turned and rushed back up the stairs as quickly and quietly as possible in an attempt to not interrupt or have them know that I had witnessed their coupling. Even if I had only heard them and not seen it.
Back in my room with the door shut firmly behind me, I couldn't shake the image those sounds had made inside my head. With the slight excitement of having Trevor watch me and now knowing that Tammy and Jake were giving each other the pleasure I wished I could feel; I was even more aroused. Sleep, if I got it at all, would probably be a long time in coming. I settled down into bed anyway and even considered masturbation in an attempt to help me sleep but quickly disregarded that idea. I finally managed to clear my mind of all the erotic thoughts flowing through it, and fell into a fitful sleep.
~~~
The next morning when I got up and joined Jake and Tammy in the kitchen where they were drinking coffee and talking. I blushed slightly as I remembered what I had heard them doing when they thought I was sleeping. I felt it even more when Tammy questioned, "Did you sleep okay last night?"
"Uh, yes I did, thanks." and continuing, as politeness deems necessary, "You two have a good night also?"
"We slept fine. I know how hard it can be to sleep in a new bed, even if you're worn out, so I am glad the bed was good enough for you. Care for a cup of coffee?"
"Yes thanks, where are the cups?"
"The cabinet there on the left and up top." Tammy explained.
As I went to the cabinet and got my cup to begin fixing it, Tammy asked, "What were you hoping to do this week?"
Almost chuckling I decided it was best that I not tell her my plans concerning Trevor, and instead told her I really didn't have any big plans that I was just glad to be there and visiting.
"Good, cause I hate to leave you with it, but something has come up at work and they need me to work my full shift this week, through the third anyway, meaning that I will be gone from 9-5 every day, unless something happens. I hate it, you know that, but I really can't afford to tell them right now that I can't come in."
"That's not a problem. I totally understand it. Do whatever you need to do. If nothing else, I will hang out at the pool and improve my tan. I may need to bother you to take me and get a rental car so that I can drive around some while you are gone, but other than that, I should be fine."
"Great idea, you should have a way to go somewhere while your here." Tammy said, continuing in Jakes direction, "Call Trevor and see if he can take her to the car lot today."
I said "oh no need to bother him with it." even as Jake stood up to do her bidding and I wondered if they were trying to set Trevor and I up or something.
"Trust me, it won't bother him. He has this week off from work, through the 5th at least, so he will need to do something anyway." Tammy stated matter-of-factly.
"Well Tammy working solved my questions of when would I be able to try and seduce Trevor." I thought. Apparently I would have all day for the next few days, but still I didn't want to be a problem for him to deal with too. However, I could hear Jake on the phone and knew there wasn't much I could do about it except hope that Trevor would say no. He didn't. Said he would be ready to go about 12.
So it was set and Tammy and Jake headed off to their respective jobs, and I was left alone to try and plan out my first real attempt at getting Trevor to notice me as he had the night before, and maybe even get him to make a move on me. "How hard can it really be to seduce someone?" I questioned myself silently as I went upstairs to see what I could find that might be considered seductive yet conservative enough to be seen in public wearing it.
I settled on a pale yellow summer dress. It tied around the back of my neck, which would let Trevor know that I wasn't wearing a bra under it and I hoped that would be enough to keep his mind working. I slipped on a pair of white sandals with a small heel on them and stopped by the mirror to run a brush through my hair. I settled on pulling my hair back into a ponytail for simplicity, and then surveyed myself in the mirror.
The dress hugged against my breasts but fell softly down to just above my knees, with the air conditioner on and the vent above me, I could see the hardness of my nipples poking against the fabric. I wondered if he would have the air on in his car and if he did would he notice them.
Realizing that it was almost time for us to meet, I sprayed on a little perfume and headed downstairs. Would he come here or should I go there I wondered, even as I considered how even the tightness of the dress over my chest didn't keep my breasts from swaying slightly as I walked. I thought it was funny that I never noticed that before.
At 11:45, Trevor answered the question about whether I was going there or him coming for me, by knocking on the back door. When I opened the door, I caught a glimpse of approval in his eyes for my chosen outfit before he covered his reaction and asked if I was ready to go. I told him that I was.
Trevor and I didn't talk much on the way; honestly, it wasn't that far away, but I still managed to feel as though at least part of the time his eyes were on me rather than the road in front of him. The used car/rental lot was on the other end of town. They didn't have very many to pick from but I was happy when they suggested I get the small red car out front. Even if I was only to use it for a week, it was still going to be nice to drive around in it, especially with the way I had felt so sexy the last couple of days. The car seemed to fit my new attitude.
He stayed with me through signing all the papers and stuff to make sure there were no problems with me renting the car, and then as I finished and said bye to the dealer, Trevor walked me to my new temporary car. "Will you be okay to find your way back to the house?" he asked.
"Yes, I think so anyway." I said and recounted the way I thought we had come from there.
"Yep, that sounds about right. Tell you what, I will go write down my cell phone number and then if you have any trouble, you can call me. I wouldn't leave you here but I have a few things I need to do and won't be heading back to the house until later."
When he returned and handed me the number we said only our goodbyes and Trevor left with what I hoped was a last glance at me as I climbed into the small car, and we went our separate ways.
Once back at Tammy's house I decided to spend the rest of the afternoon working on my tan. So, I put on my bikini, grabbed a towel, and the book I had packed for the flight then headed out to the pool. I sat back on the lounge first, to work on tanning the front side of myself for the first 30 minutes and then flipped over onto my stomach for another thirty after I had taken a dip into the pool to cool off. The book had turned from a simple romance into a very erotic story, although the couple hadn't fully gone all the way yet. The author had managed to capture both their needs and the excitement of that accidental touch in a way that made you feel it and wish that you were the woman in the story. The unintended arm brushing against her breast that would make your heart skip a beat. The seduction of the story itself was all that you needed to find the book very exciting.
I didn't see Trevor return home before I went in to change out of my suit and not to long after that Tammy arrived home. Her day had been rather hectic so she ran upstairs to take a long hot bath. She told me that if I was hungry she had dinner laid out in the fridge and if I wanted to I could start on it, assuring me that I didn't have to since I was a guest, but she needed a bath so she could feel human again.
I told her I didn't mind and headed downstairs to fix dinner. Before long I had found everything I needed, spices, pots and pans, glasses, and a large cooking spoon. She had laid out pork chops in the fridge, and on the counter by the stove was some canned vegetables and some seasoned rice packets. I was amazed by how planned out everything was, considering my single life, coming home and just throwing something together was routine enough, here she knew what to have for dinner before she ever went to work.
Tammy and I spent some girl time together talking more on life, love and the pursuit of happiness so to speak. We covered every topic that came to mind, excluding the fact that I was unemployed. I am not sure why I didn't want to talk to her, my best friend, about it, but felt that if I did mention it then it may seem as if I were begging her to fix it. I know Tammy well enough to know she would offer me a new start, but I didn't know if I was ready to accept it.
Jake got home around eight and I went to bed at 10 hoping to give the couple their time alone. I was still awake when they came upstairs and not too long after that, I heard their bed bumping against the wall and muffled sounds of pleasure coming from them both. I admit; I was slightly jealous once again.
~~~
The next day I didn't see Trevor at all, so I assumed that he wasn't home. Even when I was out by the pool sunning myself I didn't see any movement toward his house or in his yard. I wouldn't allow myself the luxury of going to see if his truck was there, if it was and he was home there was too big a risk I'd be caught. Even though, as I lay out in the sun, I caught myself several times looking longingly towards his house, wishing he would come out to say hi.
The day after that, I still didn't see any sign of him and to say I was disappointed would be a huge understatement. After all, how was I supposed to tease a man who was never around? The book I was reading as well as hearing my best friend making love every night was leaving me very frustrated and my week was running out. It was already Saturday and unless something drastic changed, I would be heading home next Wednesday.
I was now reading a very steamy part of the book, the couples first time making love with one another. He was kissing her all over, nibbling and suckling on her breasts, his fingers plunging deeply into her vagina. She was in part laying there enjoying the attention as well as urging him on, begging him to put his cock inside her where his fingers were now residing. It was making me horny to read it so well written. My pussy was wet; my breasts were swollen and aching, begging to be released from the confinement of my bathing suit. I relented and sat up to untie my top hoping to ease some of the pressure they were feeling, shocked at how turned on I was becoming and how physically uncomfortable it was for me. I left my top tied around my neck, just in case someone, namely Tammy or Jake, happened to come home early. I figured I could cover myself quickly enough if need be.
Loosening my top only served to allow my breasts to feel as though they swelled and ached more, and I couldn't resist the temptation to reach up and massage them with my own hands. I squeezed the whole breast and getting a little caught up in the moment I began to pinch and pull my nipples, sighing softly and wishing it wasn't my hands on myself but Trevor's.
It was at that moment that I looked through half closed eyes towards Trevor's house and I saw him standing at the window looking out at me. I shocked myself by continuing my ministrations on my breasts. If anything, now more emboldened than before I had seen him watching me. I wanted him to see me playing with my tits, hoped he would get the hint and come help me out. The thought that he might urged me on and when I gave my own nipples a particularly hard pinch, I cried out softly in need.
I glanced back towards the window after turning my head for only a minute and was disappointed when I didn't see Trevor standing there anymore. I continued teasing my own nipples, hoping that he would join me, and though I'm not sure how long I waited, he never showed up. Eventually, I admitted my own failure at bringing him over and I stood and put my top back in its right place. Still feeling overheated in my groin area, I decided that I really needed to cool myself down. Noticing the watch by my chair, I saw that soon Tammy would be arriving home anyway. "Maybe that is why Trevor didn't take me up on my offer?" I wondered silently.
That night I fell into an exhausted sleep. I guess the feelings I had aroused in myself but never satisfied and possibly my lack of sleep since my arrival, had managed to wear me down totally and I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. Thankfully, I wasn't witness to Tammy and Jake making love, though I had no doubt the next morning that they had, even if I did sleep through it.
The following day saw Tammy off from work, they had called her and told her that they would be able to manage without her today. Sunday shouldn't be too busy of a day anyway, they had explained. Tammy could tell that there was something wrong with me, but I didn't dare try to tell her that I had hoped to seduce Trevor and had failed so far. In the effort to hide that, I confessed finally to my lack of a job back home, and let her think that concerns over that was what caused my foul mood that day. Always the mothering type, she assumed the role once again, asking what I would do now and saying that if I wanted to try to find work there they would be more than happy to have me stay with them for a while, and help me until I could find suitable employment. The rest of the day was spent with her trying to distract me from my troubles, even though I had assured her that it was fine and not that big of a deal. I felt badly not telling her the real reason for my mood, but it was one of those things just couldn't confess to right now.
That night I was told that Trevor would be over for dinner as per his usual Sunday night. Since I had been wearing a bathing suit most of the day, no one questioned when I went upstairs to change. I needed to pull myself together enough to face him. I decided to wear was a pair of denim shorts that were kind of short and tight enough to hold in my tummy. I liked how they looked on me and always felt sexy while wearing them. I topped that off with a cute little top I had purchased this morning while shopping with Tammy. It was pale pink and the only thing that would hold it together was a few stitches between the breasts. No bra was needed with it. Since Trevor and I hadn't spoken since the day he took me to get my rental car, I wanted to make sure he noticed me. I half figured that if I couldn't get an obvious sign that he was interested in me tonight, then I may as well give up on the whole idea of working to seduce him during my vacation. By the time, I finished dressing and went back downstairs, Trevor had arrived and they were all sitting around the livingroom talking.
Tammy was the first to mention my arrival down stairs by mentioning that the new shirt was cute on me. She even managed to make me blush when she pointed out that it would be sure to draw a man's eyes to my breasts when I wore it. Though it was the thing I had been hoping to do, I could have still went and hid under a rock at her pointing it out in such an obvious way.
Tammy and I had fixed a ham with mashed potatoes and gravy and corn. For dessert, we bought a watermelon, the first one of the season for all of us. So we all headed into the dining room for dinner and then we would go out by the pool for dessert. No need for a sticky mess inside the house, her and I had agreed. Watermelon was just more fun if you ate it outside.
I noticed Trevor watching me some as we ate dinner, but it was during the watermelon that he really stopped trying to disguise it. The watermelon was very juicy and it was impossible to not make a mess on yourself considering we had cut the watermelon and then without the aid of plates or silverware we just bit into the watermelon. Tammy claimed, "This is how to really enjoy it." Tammy and Jake had begun joking about how he was going to have the watermelon that dribbled all over her for a second dessert later on. It was the first time I had heard them mention their sexual side as a married couple and I found it sweet. Jake at one point even leaned in to kiss Tammy on the chin after she had bit into the watermelon and it left a sticky trail down her chin. I enjoyed their show of affection for one another and I glanced over at Trevor to see if he found it as interesting as I did.
Trevor wasn't looking at them but instead was looking at me. There was heat in his eyes that he didn't try to hide. We watched each other for a little while, the watermelon pieces in our hands forgotten. Trevor won the staring contest though when I heard Tammy ask if anyone else wanted more watermelon, stating that since she was already covered in stickiness that she figured a little more wouldn't hurt. I told her that I was fine and went back to nibbling on the piece I already had in my hand. Trevor stood up a few minutes later and walked past me, bending to whisper in my ear that I had a trail of juice running down my chest. Then, out loud he said that he was going home to shower and get rid of the sticky and would be home most of the day tomorrow so he hoped to see them after they got off from work to decide what we would all do for the 4th.
I finished my watermelon and said that I was going in to take a shower and then going to call it a night. Tammy and Jake bid me good night and went back to their teasing about needing to clean up also. I wondered if Trevor had only been watching me because I had made a mess or if it had been something more that drew his eyes. I wanted to feel that it had been more, but I couldn't be sure, since he still hadn't said or done anything more.
When I finished with my shower, I walked to my window to look out, still not fully ready for bed but once again figuring that Tammy and Jake may have been wanting the alone time together. My bedroom window looked out into the back yard where the pool was, so I turned off my bedroom light. With the porch light was off I thought I should be able to see stars and maybe be able to look toward Trevor's house and see him through a window.
The moon was shinning brightly, even though it was only about half full, and its light had made it impossible to see the stars filling the sky from my bedroom window. All the lights in Trevor's house were turned off so I looked down and saw the moon covered the back yard with its light. I was getting ready to turn away from the window when I noticed the pool and could make out the two bodies inside it. Tammy and Jake were swimming with one another, stopping to occasionally kiss and then continue on swimming. I thought about how romantic it was that they were swimming together with only the moon and stars for light and I was going to give them the privacy they should have.
It was about the time I was once again turning away from window when I saw Jake pick up Tammy and set her up on the side of the pool down at the shallow end. I noticed she was naked. With in seconds of setting her up on the side, Jake began suckling on her breasts, Tammy arched back in pleasure.
The sight had me glued to my place by the window. I felt naughty watching them, but also curious about how far they would really go. Both Trevor and I were able to see them, if we chose to watch, and I couldn't imagine they would take it too far. I watched in both shock and excitement as Tammy laid back and Jake put his face between her legs. Her legs were lifted and put over his shoulders as if to hold him down on her. I wondered if it would be during this that she would whisper to him like she had the first night I heard them, maybe encouraging him to continue or even begging him to stop and put his hard cock inside her.
I continued to watch them together in that way, though I'm not sure if it were only minutes or hours that I stood there and watched Jake lapping at my best friend's pussy from my bedroom window. Eventually her legs were put back into the water and she sat up as Jake leaned in to kiss her on the mouth. Then she slipped back into the three feet deep water and they kissed a little more before she turned around giving him her backside. She leaned forward and put her hands on the side of the pool where it curves onto the concrete around it, I assumed that now she was getting to feel his cock sliding into her pussy. I couldn't see much about their movements from my position above them but I could the ripples in the water around them. A cloud rolled in over the moon's glow and blocked my view of them completely. I stepped back away from the window finally released from my trance that seeing them together had started.
I lay down on my bed and let my hand touch my pussy through my thong panties. I could feel my wetness and feel my clit poking up demanding attention. I had never thought I could be aroused from the sight of my best friend getting laid by her husband but I couldn't deny that I was. I considered bringing myself to orgasm but couldn't quite bring myself to masturbate over the erotic coupling I had just witnessed. To see that and then have a self-induced orgasm left a lot to be desired. Masturbation would never be enough to ease the needs that I now felt and to try to ease it in that way would seem to lessen the sweetness of what I had seen.
A little while later I heard the couple coming up the stairs, laughing and talking softly heading for their bedroom, just before I fell into an arousal-filled sleep, body still aching with need.
~~~
Monday I awoke with my arousal still an ache inside myself. My dreams during the night had been filled with erotic caresses and passionate kisses, the sight of Tammy and Jake and the hopes that Trevor would make a move on me.
Tammy and Jake were smiling a lot at each other and neither seemed aware that I knew why. They both left for work with Tammy assuring me that she would have tomorrow off from work and would be able to spend the whole day with me, on my final full day there. She half questioned, half stated, "Unless you have changed your mind about leaving?" I told her that I still didn't know if I would stay or not.
After doing my morning toiletries and giving myself a bikini shave so that I wouldn't have stubble showing, I went out to the pool about noon, carrying my book with me and kind of hoping to finish reading it today. Tomorrow would probably be a busy day and then the next day I would be heading back to real life and there is very little time for reading when you are trying to find a new job. Not to mention that I didn't need to be reading an erotic book on the plane.
I stepped outside and the heat hit me like a slap in the face. Usually it is rather warm, temperatures have been up near 90 but showing on the thermometer the temperature was already near 97. I knew I wouldn't be able to lay out in the sun in this heat for very long at a time. I laid my book on the chair and went to the pool. I dived into the cooler water to get good and wet, then got back out and lay on the chair on my stomach. With in minutes of picking up the book to read, I could feel the sun burning into my skin, and figured that today, maybe I should cut my time in half and only lay out for 15 minutes on each side or so then maybe walk into the house and cool off.
My book was even steamier now, and the author spoke of the man eating the female character's pussy in such detail that it wasn't long before I could almost feel each flick of his tongue against her clit. When his cock entered her, I could imagine how wonderful it felt to her well-lubricated vagina. The heat from the sun as well as the heat from the story, soon had me aching for a cock even more than I had been so far. I was laying there on the lounge chair and pushing my own pussy against it, trying to relieve the ache and I could feel my nipples swelling and pushing into the chair underneath me.
Deciding that once again I really needed to cool my self off, I stopped reading and went back into the pool. The book didn't have but a few more pages to it and I felt sure that the author couldn't put in another erotic moment like the last one. If they did, I wasn't sure I could handle it.
After swimming for a little bit and cooling my body temperature down enough that I was comfortable once again I climbed back out of the pool and went back to my chair, this time sitting up somewhat to let the sun touch on my front side. I also picked up my book in an attempt to finish it.
For a while, they laid in an embrace enjoying the aftermath of their coupling. The characters confessed their love for one another and the man even proposed to her saying that he couldn't live without her. They kissed and held one another a while longer and decided they were in need of food so they went downstairs to fix a mid-night snack. It was there that the author turned up the heat again.
While they drank a glass of wine and talked, the man became eager again and picked up the woman, setting her on the table. He dribbled wine all over her naked body and then licked it off her. The cool wine and his warm mouth making a nice conflict of feelings inside her and she was soon withering under his caresses. He managed to bring her to orgasm while dribbling wine over her pussy and then licking it up with his tongue.
She then decided it was his turn to enjoy her touch, and she treated him to the same treatment once he was sitting in his chair, though she didn't use the wine on him. Just using her hands and mouth on his chest and down lower, eventually taking his cock into her mouth, the first time she had ever had a cock in her mouth. She told him how she wasn't sure what to do so the author had the man try to tell her how to suck on him in a way that it would feel best for him. Near the point of the male character blowing his load into her mouth he stopped her, turned her around bending her over the table, and put his cock in her, urging them both towards the climax at the end.
As they came, the book ended and I then realized that while reading I had been subconsciously toying with my breasts. My top was pulled down under them both and my nipples were pointing upwards at the sky as if telling the sun to warm them. My own pussy was so wet and in need of attention that I used my hand to pull my bottoms to the side and I felt my own wetness, and the hardness of my clit. I glanced over towards Trevor's house and didn't see him so I continued my caresses. I felt somewhat shy touching myself outside but my body's need far outweighed any morals I may have against it.
My bikini bottom wouldn't stay to the side of my pussy once I really began trying to work myself into orgasm, so I quickly untied both sides and just left it laying over me. I heard a screen door slam shut and looked around to make sure it wasn't Tammy or Jake coming home early, and from the corner of my eyes I saw Trevor standing outside on his side porch that faced me. I was so horny and so near to orgasm that I wasn't sure I would have stopped had it been Tammy or Jake so knowing that it was Trevor, the one who I had fantasized about since my arrival, only encouraged me to continue.
I knew he could see me. I knew that he was watching me. I didn't care, I just wanted to cum. I hoped that he would make his move and come over to help me finish but he stayed where he was and I continued to stroke my own pussy, dipping my fingers in and fucking myself before moving the wet fingers up to my clit and rubbing over it in small circles.
I am not sure if Trevor knew that I knew he was watching me. I tried to never look in his direction. Maybe if I had he would have come over and offered his assistance. Instead, I rubbed and stroked myself faster and faster, until my body shuddered and I cried out my release. Not caring even that he would have heard my pleasure filled moans.
After my orgasm had passed and left me trembling with its intensity, I glanced back towards where Trevor had stood. Sometime during my orgasm, he had left his porch and I wondered now where he had gone. I put my bikini back into place and stood up. As I walked toward the pool for one last dip before going into the house I searched all around but Trevor was no where to be seen.
Later, I would be embarrassed by the show I had given, maybe, but for now, I felt more daring than I had ever felt before. I realized that it was good to show someone that I could play with myself, and bring myself to orgasm, even if the one I had shown, didn't seem all that interested.
~~~
The fourth of July was busy; the city makes a big issue out of the Independence Day celebrations. It kicked off at two in the afternoon where everyone would be down on main street to watch the parade filled with everything from floats sporting drawn fireworks and wishes for a happy fourth of July to horses trotting down the road with red, white and blue glitter in festive stars and stripes on them. There were old cars, new cars, and people running in the next election handing out flyers, clowns, candy for kids, and so many other things I can't think to mention them all. The whole city seemed to come out to enjoy the holiday festivities, and most of them were wearing their own red, white, and blue clothes in celebration.
Tammy and I also dressed the part. She had on a red and white stripped shirt and blue jean shorts, with red sandals. I had on a solid red shirt, my favorite blue jean shorts, and white sandals. We had also pulled our hair into ponytails with clips that Tammy had. They had shiny stars in the red, white and blue hanging off the ponytail holders.
Jake had invited Trevor to join us to watch the parade or maybe it was just assumed that he would. He showed up about the time we were getting ready to walk towards Main Street, only a couple blocks away and as Tammy explained, "It's easier to walk than try to get a car onto Main Street this time of year." I didn't understand at first but quickly understood when we arrived there and I saw all the people scattered on each side of the road. Jake had on a red, white and blue western style shirt, jeans, and tennis shoes and Trevor who was the only one of the group that didn't wear red, had on simply a white button up shirt, blue jeans and tennis shoes. Tammy teased Trevor at one point about not wearing red, and he winked at her and said, "I am wearing red. You should see my undies." causing all of us to laugh.
It was on the walk back to the house when Tammy mentioned that Jake had to go to the fireworks show with a business colleague and that she would be going too. She explained to me that they normally they were home, preferring instead to sit out by the pool and watch the fireworks, but it had come up unexpectedly. I was more than welcome to come along or I could sit and watch the fireworks from their house, "You will still be able to see most of them," she promised and "it's hard telling how long it will take us to get home afterward."
I told her that I would stay at their house since it was an option, preferring to avoid the crowd that was sure to be there. I also explained that it would give me time before the fireworks started to begin packing up my stuff and preparing early for my flight home tomorrow and then she and I would have the morning to talk and stuff before I had to leave. She thought it was a great idea.
It was about five when we got back to Tammy's house and we all had a quick sandwich and chips, apparently the usual fare for Independence Day at their house. Then at six Tammy and Jake headed off to view fireworks and Trevor went to his house, leaving me all alone to begin packing up and getting ready for my trip home.
I finished packing and put on my bikini, figuring I would take a quick dip in the pool before the fireworks began. It was already eight-thirty so I figured it shouldn't be too long before the show started. I went out and turned on the light thinking that I would turn it off when the first pop sounded signaling the start and then dove into the pool and began making laps.
I had been swimming for probably thirty minutes I guess, when I realized the light suddenly went out in the pool area. The moon tonight wasn't nearly as bright as it had seemed the other night from my window, though it should have been brighter. There seemed to be a haze over it that made it impossible for it to glow. Then I caught a glimpse of a shadow moving, right about the time I heard the water splash as someone dove into the pool. The person broke the water close to where I was now standing at the shallow end of the pool and I saw it was Trevor. "Hey" I said, "You had me worried for a second. I didn't know it was you." I said and smiled at him.
"Sorry about that." He said.
The moon came out of its haze at that moment and shined almost as bright as day. I couldn't help but notice the way his normally wavy hair was now flattened against his head and the drops of water running down onto his muscled chest that had a light dusting of dark hair covering it. Realizing that I was staring and hoping he hadn't noticed I quickly pulled my eyes back up to his. There was once again a heat burning in his eyes that even the dark shadows couldn't hide.
"I want you," he said without preamble, "and I think you want me too."
I didn't know what to say, I was very unprepared for him to come to me like this, I had given up on the idea of him coming to me at all. Come to me he did though. After his statement and allowing me a moment to think on it, he began wading to me. As he came closer he asked, "Did you know I saw you yesterday? Did you know I saw you playing with your breasts the other day?"
I half feared he was angry with me for teasing him so I began backing away, unsure of what I had gotten myself into, but even as I walked, I nodded my head "Yes."
"Did you wonder why I didn't come to you?" He questioned.
Again, I nodded yes, and he continued talking, "I didn't want to be interrupted. I have wanted you since I saw you, but there never seemed to be a good time to touch you. Now is the time, don't you think?"
I whispered "yes" and considered it seemed other words were forgotten. Still I backed up the few more steps to the side of the pool, though I am not sure why, maybe I wanted to drag it out a few minutes longer, or maybe just have him pursue me for a second longer.
I stopped at the sidewall of the pool, but he continued until he was right in front of me. There were no more words between us, nothing else that needed to be said, and I could tell in the steady way he approached that now wasn't the time for me to turn chicken. I didn't want to anyway but I still looked downward somewhat shy now that the time had come.
He lifted my chin up with a crooked finger under my chin and then leaned in to kiss me lightly at first and then growing firmer until his tongue was seeking entrance into my mouth. I relented and as his tongue dipped in and took possession of my mouth his arms wrapped around me pulling me towards him with his hands on my bottom. As his tongue continued plundering my mouth his hands squeezed my bottom, pulling me closer and up slightly to let me feel the bulge in his swimming trunks.
He sat me back on my feet inside the water and stopped kissing me though his arms stayed around me. He brought his hands up onto my back and within seconds, he had pulled the strap around my back loose, then he pulled the bikini top over my head and laid it on the side of the pool. He leaned in to kiss my lips once again quickly but gently and then began to move his kisses down and over my neck, down lower until he was almost bent in half in an attempt to capture my nipples with his mouth. As he took one in and began suckling on it he reached down and untied one of the straps around my hip and when he took the other stiffened nipple into his warm mouth, he untied the other strap holding my bikini in place. When finished stripping me naked he picked up my bottoms, laid it with my discarded top, and kissed my mouth passionately once again.
Trevor pulled me against himself, using my bottom once again for leverage and I felt my nipples poking into his chest. He continued to pull and lift me up until my feet left the bottom of the pool, I was forced to put my legs around his hip to help him support my weight, and I felt his bulge against my pussy. He kissed me again and began walking though I didn't really care where he was taking me. He stopped and began lowering me back into the water as he kissed his way down to my aching nipples again. It was then I realized he had placed me with my back against one of the pool jets, and some how it was in just the right place that when he spread my lower cheeks apart I feel the rush of water on my pussy and I gasped in pleasure.
It became his own brand of teasing, as he would suckle on one nipple he would hold my ass cheeks apart, and as he stopped sucking to switch to the other the let my bottom close up, blocking the flow of water against my pussy. He moved back and forth between them so many times I lost count but knew very well that I was near to cumming, if only he wouldn't stop the water from hitting me.
He stopped kissing my chest completely to kiss me and use his tongue to plunder my mouth again as he lifted me up against him again. I was once again forced to use my legs to help him support me and felt his hardness against my pussy. I wanted to cry out with frustration, needing his cock inside me so badly, needing to cum. The events of the last week were enough foreplay, I needed him and I needed him now.
I was surprised when he continued to lift me until my bottom was resting on the side of the pool and I was out of the water. He then kissed his way down to my breasts once again, pulling and sucking on my nipples and lower still until his face was right above my mound. I pondered for a minute how this was the scene I had watched between Tammy and Jake, but as his tongue darted out to tease my clit all thoughts fled my mind. As he began teasing my clit and suckling on it lightly as if it were the best piece of candy he had ever eaten and he wanted to savor it, I couldn't imagine anything had ever felt as good as what he was doing to me now.
Two things happened when he put his finger inside my pussy and began thrusting it in and out of me as if it were his cock instead of his finger. The first thing was the first two booming firework lit up the night sky with colors of red and blue, and the second thing to happen was I tensed up and my pussy came on the finger he was thrusting in and out of me. I cried out my release even as more fireworks lit up the sky though I failed to notice the colors of them.
When my orgasm was over, he took my hands and pulled me back to a sitting position and he walked away, toward the steps to get out of the pool. I stood and walked that way, too. When he was out he went towards his house and grabbed a blanket that I hadn't seen there before and I could only assume he had brought it over from his house when he came. I smiled realizing that he had planned this little scene. He spread out the blanket and half asked half demanded that I come to him. I did, not needing to be told twice. Even though I had just came, I still wanted to feel his cock buried inside me.
He told me to lay down and I did, he pulled his swimming trunks down and off his legs. In the glow of the fireworks above I saw his cock standing proudly out from his body. I watched by the ever-changing color of the fireworks as he knelt down placing himself between my legs, and he whispered, "I will go slower next time but this time I need to feel you around me." "I don't mind" I told him in response, and spread my legs further to allow him easier access to my most private place.
He took my offer and leaned down to kiss me as his cock poised at my wet opening seeking entrance into me. I wrapped my legs around his hips in an effort to pull him in deeper and he accepted once again the offer I had made. He buried himself inside my pussy as deeply as possible, both of us crying out in relief that we were finally together in this way.
He began moving in a strong, steady rhythm, and I encouraged him with words and moans to make it faster and to make me cum. It was erotic to see the fireworks exploding behind his back as he thrust his cock into me repeatedly and as he picked up speed, I knew that we were both nearing our peaks.
Whoever was launching the fireworks must have somehow known what we were doing because as I cried out my release and felt my pussy contracting and releasing around his cock, urging him to cum with me. There were a half dozen or more booms and bright flashes filling the night sky as he filled me with his seed there were several different colors filling the sky at once.
Afterward, Trevor and I lay on the blanket and watched the rest of the fireworks, it was under the grand finale that he asked if I would spend the night with him and I accepted. We dressed and left a note for Tammy and Jake to find telling them where I was at. We made love several times that night, each one just as intense as the first time even without the flashes of light filling the sky above us. The next morning when I was preparing to leave his house and go next door to change clothes and begin the day, Trevor asked if I really needed to head for home or if I would consider staying with him for a while.
What else could I say? I accepted his offer and told Tammy that I didn't need transportation to the airport today after all.