Author Note: this story inspired by my total wetness while sitting in the Starbucks in Harvard Square on a visit to Boston. All characters fictional. Enjoy! More to come if you like it!
*****
I hadn't gone to the coffee shop with the intention of getting fucked. It was part of my typical routine: take my laptop to the Starbucks on Harvard Square and stay until closing so that I would be forced to actually work instead of getting distracted by my roommate or my tv or frankly, the porn on my computer. The coffee shop's wifi blocked porn sites, so it served as a natural incentive: finish the work quickly and I could go home and shove my hand between my legs in the privacy of my own bedroom.
But there he was...the cute blond barista who always worked the Tuesday closing shift. We'd been casually flirting for a few weeks but I figured it was the kind of thing that he did to everyone just so he'd get some more tips. A smile or a wink here and there, some banter, maybe a free refill once in awhile. It seemed pretty innocent.
Tuesday night was pretty empty. The semester was just about to start but most people hadn't moved back to the area after summer break yet. I had actually gotten some momentum, ambitiously typing up an outline for a paper I knew would be assigned at the start of term. I was so focused on the paper that I didn't notice as everyone else slowly packed up their computers and left. I was sitting upstairs by the big windows looking out over the square, my back to the majority of the room, so it was easy to miss the shuffle of papers as the random business men and tourists slowly returned to their homes and hotels. I didn't notice how empty it was. I didn't notice anything, until he put his hand on my shoulder.
I jumped slightly and turned, coming face to face with his neatly packaged bulge. He wore fitted black jeans and the black t-shirt that he always wore under his green apron. The apron had been hung up though, and I got a close-up look at what had been hiding underneath all this time. His pants were just the right amount of tight and it took me a moment to actually raise my eyes to meet his.
"Hey, it's closing time." He was grinning—I'd been caught staring.
"It's actually past closing time," he added. "I sent the other barista home...you looked like you needed a few minutes to finish up what you were doing."
"Oh, uh, of course." I was flustered, moving to pack up my things. He didn't move, which meant I couldn't exactly scoot my chair out of the way. He just stayed there, standing, putting his hands on his hips and slightly tipping his pelvis towards me.
"So anyway, we're the only ones left in the store," he pointed out. I glanced around, confirming this, and noticed that he'd shut off most of the main lights. I really hadn't been paying attention at all. We were in low lighting and all alone in a room full of big oak tables and comfortable chairs.
"I wouldn't want to keep you here late," I insisted coyly, standing up despite the little amount of space he'd left me. We were nose to nose and nothing else needed to be said. The tension between us was enough.
He closed the space between us and slid his hand around my waist as he kissed me. The kiss was hungry and hot, his tongue diving into my mouth and exploring eagerly. As he pulled me into him, the bulge I'd eyed earlier became a more present participant in our play. I pulled away from the kiss and sat back down in my chair, reaching for his belt and yanking his pants down past his hips. He leaned back against the window, the firm round globes of his ass pressing to the cool glass.
He was throbbing and hard—he'd probably prepped himself a little before approaching my little window seat. His balls were my favorite kind; long and hanging with big egg-shaped globes swaying. My mouth watered at the very thought of sucking on them. I used the extra saliva to slide my mouth down his cock in one try—he was a nice size, nothing to choke me but nice and filling. I savored every moment as I slid slowly back up. The head of his cock was defined with a nice arrow point, red and flaring, a nice blinking piss slit at the end for me to swirl my tongue around. I did, my eyes flickering up to see his reaction as I sucked the tip like a lollipop. He groaned and pressed his hands back against the window as well, bracing himself.
"You're going to have to wipe those clean later," I teased, wrapping my hand around him and giving a few tugs. Holding his cock out of my way, I dove in for the expanse of ballsack I'd been hungering for. I moaned as I sucked his balls into my mouth and he groaned too at the vibrations. I switched from one to the other, rolling them around in my mouth like a gumball that I couldn't get enough of. My hand worked his cock until I felt his balls try to escape further into his sack.
I pulled off of him completely. "Not yet."
Stripping off my shirt and then my pants and underwear, I spread myself out on the round table I'd previously been working on. Throwing my legs wide, my dripping pussy was open to the window view. He pulled himself off of the window glass and thrust himself into my open and waiting cunt. We both groaned simultaneously and I wrapped my hands around his round, firm ass to hold him in deep. We stayed there for a moment, enjoying the fullness, before he slowly started to thrust. He gradually picked up the tempo until he was athletically pumping in and out. His curly blond pubes rubbed deliciously against my mound and tickled my clit, giving me just enough extra stimulation as he rutted back and forth.
He came hard, shuddering as he pumped a surprising amount of cum. I felt him shoot inside me once, twice, three times, then pull out and squirt even more onto my tits and stomach. "You didn't finish yet," he noticed, and to my delight, lowered himself to his knees. He pulled my ass to the edge of the table and there in front of the window, he dove into my pussy with his tongue. Slurping his own cum out, he showed off every trick in his book—his tongue was flexible beyond description, moving with mechanical speed against my clit until I was shuddering and writhing on the polished wood and crying out. I gripped the edges of the table hard, squirting his own cum back at him along with my own wetness. Clearly getting me off had turned him on again, and when I was still shaking with pleasure, he stood up and shoved his cock back inside for a second go around. The added sensitivity had me clawing at his back, humping my pussy hard against him as I tried to pull him as deep inside as I possibly could.
This time, he pulled out before he came—clearly he didn't want to dirty the mess he'd just cleaned up. Instead, he put a foot up on a nearby chair and offered me his cock. Gasping and panting, I slurped it down, sucking the cum right up out of those big balls. He fingered me as I sucked him off, his fingers pressing hard against my g-spot until I trembled again.
When we'd both gotten off a second time, he glanced out the window. I slowly sat up and did the same.
"Huh. Looks like we have some fans."
We waved at the frat boys staring in awe from below and gathered our clothes. "Don't forget to turn the light off on your way out," I called to him as I wobbled my way down the stairs on sex-shaken legs. He laughed as he picked up the panties I'd left on the chair and I smiled as I headed out to meet the admiring crowd waiting on the street.