"Are you two sluts done licking the hell out of one another?"
Henry McKellen checked in periodically via skype between designing a scene in his RPG game Frisque, to check on his 19 year old co-worker Tessa Harper and her roommate foreign exchange student Svetlana Toyobich. Both had been making love for over an hour taunting him as he waited on them to finish up. While it was difficult to keep from being distracted by the two gorgeous blonds he had managed to complete a rather steamy scene between his male lead character modelled after himself and his female counterpart Emma. Emma herself retooled to look exactly like his neighbor Piper Cherry in every way. She was one smoking hot slut on screen as much as in reality. Within the scene he had rough caricatures of two smaller girls peeking through a doorway watching his leads have hardcore sex on a sofa. While without hair color and features he stopped short of going further with their design. "Am I really considering this? Using my daughters in my game just seems so wrong."
"Jealous Henry?" Tessa sat up alongside her friend Svetlana both quite naked now that a Trekkie shirt had been beamed out of the picture. Holding one another the bisexual buddies teased each other still with kisses, licks, and caresses.
"I heard you both saying Oh Daddy, Oh Daddy. Hint taken but I haven't put a face on either daughter's image. Here I'll show you what I've done while you bitches 69'd your way to a 70's climax." He turns his laptop to face his designing monitor and plays the artwork in slow motion, all without moans or voices, those would be added later. Tessa stepped away from Svetty and returned to her desk chair, Svetlana following her and hugging her from behind, chin on her besties shoulder. "Notice the framing of the two daughters in the background? There! I set the stage. What I'm not certain of is your suggestion in using the likenesses of my own kids. They might be mortified when they finally see this. You know the older they get that's inevitable."
"You worry too much Henry." Tessa speaks as Svetty kisses her neck. It was hard for her not to smile. "You might not notice it unless you actually look for it but daughters always crush on their dad's. They're the center point alpha male all of their lives. It's bred into their DNA to be a part of you."
"Ummm! I'm the guy that made them." He scowls.
"Exactly! That makes the allegiance even tighter. You know I used to have sex with my dad, stepdad too. I grew up adoring my dad so it seemed right. Still does."
"Yes Henry." Svetty stops taunting Tessa and enters the conversation, "In Russia it is natural to enjoy family. I too have slept with my father, uncles as well. Brothers not so much. Quite vile!"
"Yeah? Well I'm not sleeping with my girls. This is a game not reality."
"Yes, yet you want to model the designs after Dakota and Sable don't you?"
"That was your brainstorm not mine. I mentioned this incest stuff to Josie, almost asking permission to use the idea in Frisque."
"What did Wifey say?" Tessa shivered at Svetty's continued kisses to her neck, fingers tweaking at her nipple erection as if tuning a radio dial.
"She's fine as long as that line is never crossed with our daughters. Even if I model them appearances identically to them. Josie trusts me not to step over that line."
"Awesome! Your fans are going to go nuts. Nutting even." Tessa giggles, "Svetty stooooop!" The Russian beauty had turned Tessa in her seat to enable her to kiss her nipples rather than pinch at them. Henry had a perfect view of Svetty's tongue lashes over Tessa's perky pink nips, teeth tugging on them for a rejoiceful gasp of luxury. Lips pulling and torturing were calling the wild, moans, and barely audible howls of opinion. Henry just sat and watched them all over again.
"Is incest really that popular?"
Panting Tessa tried to focus between conversation and stimulation. "More than you know. Look up the statistics online. It's the number one fantasy among men and women to roleplay Daddy/Daughter. Another stat I read said 70% of young girls have fantasies of being with their Father's."
"That high? No shit! Damn! What's the world coming to?"
"They're cumming to one another Henry. That's the point. Your fanbase will blow up once you really get in there and explore incest more."
"Do you truly believe that Svetty?" Henry needed a second opinion. Svetty pauses in her feasting to lay her cheek on Tessa's breast.
"I am busy with sister...Daddy." Her words cut deep. Returning to her mouthful Tessa sighed.
"There you have it Dad. Right from the mouth of babes."
"I'm gonna take a break." Henry had to digest it all, "Have to run some errands anyway. I'll get back with you this afternoon."
"Will do."
"Wish me luck Henry." Svetty broke away long enough to say.
"Luck? What for?"
"New job interview. Tired of swimming with small fish." Svetty spoke, being a swim coach at a YMCA.
"Doing what?"
"Stripper." She winked. "I will dance for you."
"Bring it to the stripper pole Ruskie." Henry chuckled patting his ever hard cock, standing enough to share in it's size. He had long lost his pants and underwear, just sitting in his t-shirt.
"Were you jerking off watching your daughter's play with one another Big Daddy?" Tessa giggled.
"Naaa! I downsized you two for awhile or I'd never got any work done."
"That certainly didn't downsize."
"I might not have watched you two sluts but I heard you. Good luck Svetty. Let me know if you land the job I'll stop by the spank bank for tip money."
"No money Daddy. You bring that tip. I spend...time." She taps Tessa's monitor right over the image of his penis. It was almost as if he felt the tap on his cock. Her accent drove him insane.
"Alright Kids. Daddy has to go. Look for a Tess later text...other way around. " He laughed. She shook her head and severed the skype feed. Tessa took Svetty back to bed and returned the favor. Her interview was two hours away more than enough time to enjoy their morning.
"Crazy kids I swear."
********
"Why are you not texting me back?"
Sable McKellen checked her cellphone in between classes. Emotional over what she and Travis Herbert had been put through yesterday, he being tied nude against his will to the bleachers in the gymnasium, and she caught trying to rescue him in a compromising pose. Having cell video taken in her awkward positions made it look as if she was giving Travis a blowjob, so not the case. Kids were really cruel sometimes.
She had been minimally teased over it while at school even though the video went viral. She concluded that was because of the respect the students had toward her Mother Josie who taught at Horton-Dexter, and new Counsellor Piper Cherry. Cruel or not, a large portion of the school had found loyalties toward those two women. Reason being they were easy on the eyes and...well, just easy period. Every period until the final bell.
"Should I call him? I mean if he's not texting it must mean that he's humiliated even of me. I didn't try to help him the first time when Corey Samson turned him upside down in the garbage can. I would hope he knew I felt bad about that by helping the second time he was being harassed." She just didn't know what to do.
"Hey Sable Baby." A feminine voice drew her eyes up from her cell.
"Hi Tawny."
"You okay? You look miserable."
"Just everything that happened yesterday. Between Travis, the stupid video, cheerleading practice, my mom being...I don't know what she's being these days." She did, she just didn't want to spread more rumors about Josie and her seeing Coach Crandell. Sadly, that was the tip of the iceberg. Nobody was spreading any rumors over her Mother's other activities to make things worse in her mind. At least at the moment.
"Don't give up on the cheerleading. If you need my help I'm there for you. I know Robin and the other girls are supposed to help you too, but they have better things to do. Guys even, if you know what I mean. Face it cutie we're all sluts. Even me, I just have more heart than those skanks."
"Thanks Tawny. I just need to clear my head more. If Travis would text me that would put at least one thing weighing on me at ease."
While the girls talked, a gathering of boys including Corey Samson were walking their way taking turns holding something up to their noses one at a time. Tawny wincing at them shook her head. "Some bitch lost her panties. Those freaks are high on snatch." Sable stared at them in pacing but thought very little of it. As long as they weren't hers.
"Damn Dakota smells good." Wrestler Lonnie Frame chuckled inhaling deeply before passing the thong off. Corey Samson was the man of the hour having hold of that slingshot. They all presumed he was seeing Dakota on the side. He said nothing to dissuade their thoughts.
"COREY!!" Dakota caught up from the other direction walking at a rapid pace toward the panty raiders. Each step she made her opened cleavage showed a beautiful dance of jiggling breasts hiding out in their sparse coverage. She had left her dress unbuttoned during Geometry a tad more than usual in walking, totally stressed by the loss of her undies. With that dress fanning open to just above her belly button it was one hell of a visual.
Corey quickly reclaimed her thong and hid it behind him to avoid her taking it back. The closer she got the more jaws dropped. "Give it back." She threatened him with a bitter expression. He laughed at her and let her march right up to him chest to chest.
"Give what back?" He played dumb as the other guys chuckled yet found her chest just a bit too alluring to laugh too hard. "No clue what you're talking about Beautiful." A boy behind him took her thong from Corey and hid it behind his own back for safe keeping. Once no longer in his possession Corey brought his hands around him and placed his palms in front of his pecs to show he didn't have anything. With his palms poised toward her a boy behind her nudged her directly into Corey, his hands now cupping her tits through her dress material. She bulged her eyes and tried to step back but found herself pinned between Corey's grip and the boy sealing her in. Corey squeezed her tits twice then paused to let them go. He then acted shocked and looked over her at the boy. "Dude! Uncalled for Bro." Corey tried to play it off as not his fault.
"I can't believe you just did that." She dropped her jaw, "I thought you were better than that Corey Samson." In her mind it was the other way around, it made her giddy, but she knew if she let on they would constantly dog her.
"Hey Jorge pushed you into me. That was an accident."
"Squeezing my boobs is not an accident." She found herself wet under the circumstances. This was like the day at Piper's when she let Knox Hardecker grope and paw her up. While not expecting or necessarily instigating it, the touch of a man did make her want more. Not sex, just...attention. She blushed heavily under her imprisonment. Jorge rubbing his body along her backside leaned over her shoulder to inhale her perfume, his nose rolling along her neckline.
"You smell great Dakota."
"I...do?"
"Fuck yes you do. What kind of perfume are you wearing?" In her distraction by looking at Jorge, Corey grew just plain evil and softly unbuttoned two more of her dress buttons. Her cleavage was down to her navel now. Corey smirked at his friends surrounding her.
"It's called Light Blue." She trembled as another boy drew near to her left and joined in sniffing her neckline. She found herself unable to tell them to stop even though she felt used. "Corey? Please let me have it...back." All the boys heard was "Please let me have it." Hardon's rose in formation. Due North for Dakota.
"Not sure what you think I have Dakota. Mind being more specific?"
"My...panties."
"WHOAAAA!" The group of boys reacted to her admission.
"Ohhh! Those?" Corey pointed to his friend Doyle holding her thong. He showed them to her then dangled them high over her head. As she tried to grab them from him he made her hop higher each time. He being a good 6'3 and her 5'1 that was not so easy. With each jump her tits bobbed about. Still oblivious as to how many buttons Corey had undone without her knowing she was offering a worthy show. Tossing her thong in a game of keep away she twisted and turned in step to try and snatch them. With Jorge in her way she began to whimper.
"Why are you being mean to me?" Onlookers were now congesting in the hallway even though the next period bell had just rang. They were too amused to leave and just laughed at her expense. With her back to Corey he reached up to pinch the neckline of her dress with both hands, fingers holding the material tight. With a nod to Jorge to step away the boy holding her thong lowered it for her.
"Here Dakota. We're sorry."
Moving forward to claim them Corey's grip on her dress kept her outfit in his possession while her body unwittingly slipped free in her opened cleavage. Right before a good twelve onlookers her perky 34B's popped out of their concealment, nipples stabbing hard.
"OHHHHHHHHH WHOHOOHOOO!" The laughter of the boys was loud and verbal. Corey's grip had literally held her dress so tightly that her advance to retrieve her thong sent her upper body almost free of her dress. Even her caramelized shoulders were a visual delight. Essentially Dakota McKellen was topless down to her tummy. Caught off guard she squealed and covered her chest with her book bag. In the humor of it all guys still complimented her with, "Fuck those are nice tits." to "Did you see how hard her nipples were?" She felt faint in her exposure.
Just as the group attempted to lower her book bag for another healthy dose of thrill in jumped her sister Sable and Tawny. Having realized Dakota's dilemma they gave chase. Not that the girls were all that helpful they did pose as a good distraction. Sable even found herself being felt up in her defending. Yelps were heard clear down the hallway.
With the bell long rang Teacher's missing students began looking out their doors. Including a certain Counsellor, ducking her head out of the Principal's office. Principal Carl Manley was elsewhere at the moment. Piper holding her cell to her ear noticed the situation and ended her call with, "Friday morning is fine. My nephew will be there to let your installer hook up cable. Gotta go problem to deal with. Thank you." Cell lowered she marched headlong into the chaos.
"What the hell are you idiots doing?" Piper rushed amidst the boys and found Dakota beet red and hiding herself behind both her book bag and her sister. Tawny pushing boys away was evident as well. Once Piper intervened the boys dispersed and began to leave the girls behind. One single pinch to Piper's behind made her tense up and look for the candidate. With three possible she merely smirked and shooed them off to class. Once the coast was clear Piper looked at the girls with a peaked eye brow. "Fill me in."
"Corey stole my panties from my bag. I tried getting them back and they played keep away. My dress was unbuttoned. I think someone unbuttoned more because my dress came open and almost off." Dakota had dropped her book bag and used Sable to pull her dress back into place. Trying to button up wasn't easy with trembling fingers.
"Here let me help you." Tawny stepped in to offer an assist, she and Dakota locking eyes. Tawny knew that Dakota wasn't as upset as she let on. She had been there once or a hundred times in her life. A wink shared Tawny whispered, "I get it." Dakota merely stared, uncertain what Tawny was getting at.
"You two go on to class. I'll...counsel." Piper lightly nudged Sable first, then once Tawny was done helping sent her on as well. Alone now Piper looked at Dakota with concern. "Did you get them back?"
"Noooo!" Dakota pouted. "They were all sniffing them."
"I'll find who has them. You wanna go sit in my cubicle for awhile?"
"No I'm fine. I can go to class."
"You sure?"
"Yes. Piper?"
"Yeah Sweetie?"
"Can you...not go looking for my panties?"
"I know that look." Piper rolled her eyes, "I need to make another phone call anyway. Be careful out there." Without warning Dakota molded her arms around Piper for a hug. "It only gets worse you know that right?"
"I'm a big girl."
"Don't get too big."
"I won't." Dakota giggled. Stepping back from Piper she unbuttoned her dress again to where it was prior to Corey's mischief. Shaking her head Piper reached in and buttoned a single button on Dakota's dress.
"Humor me. Just doing my job."
Dakota beamed and plucked up her book bag and took off for class. Calculating in her head Piper reached five before she saw Dakota unbutton what she had just buttoned.
"I'm shocked I made it to five." She giggled, "T-shirts! Gotta call about Cheerleader shirts. One size fits all ladies."
Tight End was going to take on a whole new meaning.
********
"There's LIFT KITty's." Henry still had to laugh at the name of the gym. Right next to a strip club named Cashanova just as Kelly Herbert said. "So it's get fit, then go next door to see if it fits." He laughed searching for a parking spot. Sharing a lot seemed ideal for both businesses. It promoted a good workout either way. "There's Andre the Giant's truck. I really didn't expect to run into the guy so easily. Let's just hope I don't get my teeth knocked out. What I suggest might piss him off. Although, I gotta say he comes across as a badass but knowing he's taking care of Kelly financially is kind of respectable. Shows me he's not just using her as a fuck puppet."
Parking his SUV Henry shut it off and just stared at the building. Eying the strip club next door he was shocked to see an open sign. "I guess it's been awhile since I've been to a strip club. 24 hour clubs used to be impossible to find. Evidently, Tennessee must be needing money to fix the roads." He chuckled about the taxes they must be getting in return. "Alright let's do this while my balls are full."
Climbing out of his vehicle Henry locked up and strolled toward the gym. Reaching the door he looked through the windows to locate Dominic Black. Finding him was easy enough, the guy was lifting a good 500 pounds squatting. There were a good number of people in the gym working out, forty percent were watching him, thirty five percent women. "He sure knows how to attract attention. How much do you wanna bet every one of those ladies have been next door when he dances? Hell by the looks of some of these girls they might be strippers too. Would make sense this gym would offer discounts to the hot chicks."
Noting Henry looking through the window a middle aged woman with humongous breasts, easily a good 42DD but built like a brick shithouse stepped in front of him smiling and motioning him to come on in. Deep breath taken Henry opened the door and made his grand entrance.
"Hey Sugah!" The woman greeted him wearing tight green and white yoga pants and a white tank, certainly no bra her nipples were primed to do a bit of lifting on their own. "Never seen you here before, looking to join us?"
"Never know. Little intimidated I guess. I'm sure you hear it all the time."
"Sweetie! You don't even look out of shape. Why you worried? I see decent biceps under that t-shirt. You must work out some."
"I do push ups and sit ups every day. Watch what I eat fairly well. In my occupation there's a lot of sitting on my ass so I know I need to do at least that much."
"A nice ass it is too. I'm Kitty, I own this place. Come on in and let me show you around."
"Thanks. Listen, I didn't just come here for any membership, although that could still happen."
"Here for the girls?" She winks, "Ten of the gals that take it all off next door are in here now. Same for ole' Dom over there if you're into the fellas. Hope not." Another playful wink she makes Henry chuckle.
"Not like that. I am here to see Dom though. He...dates my neighbor."
"Lil' Miss Kelly? Bless her heart. She's adorable. Dom is one lucky man."
"You think a lot of Dominic, huh?"
"Biggest sweetheart in Cashville."
"Cashville?"
"You know...Johnny Cash. Burning Ring of Fire Johnny?"
"I don't get your reason for Cashville though. You mean the House of Cash museum?"
"No darlin! You even notice the name of the club next door? It's called Cashanova. Dom there...dominates that place. Big money maker if you know what I mean."
"Yeah, I've seen his money maker." He chuckles, "Not intentionally. Long story! Anyways, I hate to bother him it looks like he's got enough going on without me."
"Nonsense! Gotta name handsome?"
"Henry."
"Hmmm! Not exactly a stud kinda name. Unless you gotta big hammer John Henry?"
"Big enough."
"Follow me Sugah! I'll let Dom know you're wantin' to talk to him." She turns then peers over her shoulder to see Henry looking at her ass, for a 43 year old Kitty Mitchell had a rocking bod. Smirking at his eyes she pauses and shakes her bottom playfully, "I hear your train a comin'."
"Sorry! Nice caboose. Didn't mean to derail ya." He laughed.
"Oh I like you John Henry."
"Kinda funny actually, my full name is Henry Jonathon McKellen."
"Perfect. John Henry it is. Tail the tracks Johnny." She definitely had a charm about her. Leading him through the maze of onlookers and actual exercise aficionados they discover Dominic had switched from squats to bench press, a muscular young woman spotting him as he began to lift another large amount of weight. Just as Dom tried to find his grip on the barbell Kitty swooped in and straddled his lap. Hopping on him twice to get his attention. "Hey Big Fella you got company."
Dom winces and looks up at her as she casts a thumb toward Henry, the half dozen girls around him checking Henry out with curiosity. He smirked and folded his arms trying to look tougher than he truly was. Wearing a concert t-shirt from his younger days of Megadeth's Youthanasia tour and jeans he just wasn't setting off too many sexual vibes. While handsome the geek was coming through. That and all of the folks around him were into Country music.
Dom looks beyond Kitty and locks eyes with Henry. "Well if it ain't the Louisville Lugger."
"How you doing Dominic? Can I have a word with you?"
"I reckon. Hop off my hard on Kitty." The woman slapped his chest then slid off to break up the gathering.
"The membership in this place ain't all 'bout Dom's member. Back at it people." Laughter led the group to part ways. Behind Dom the female bodybuilder eyed Henry with narrowed eyes.
"Relax Serafina I got this." Dom motioned her away. Taking her leave Henry couldn't resist even looking at her ass. "You eyeballin' my sister?"
"Your sister? Serafina? Really? Sorry."
"Why you here Louisville?"
"Owe you an apology I suppose. When we all heard Kelly sounding like she was being hurt, and her son fearful of you...well, you have to understand what we thought."
"Yup!"
"I hope I don't get her in trouble but I had a talk with Kelly yesterday and she informed me more about...your relationship. She's...pretty into you."
"Course she is. I know how to satisfy her itch."
"I'm sure. She also told me you help her out financially. Brownie points in my opinion of you. I'm...sorry I swung a ball bat at you."
"Ehhh!" He hissed, "One swinger to another? You did what you thought was right. Took some serious balls to do that."
"Speaking of balls." Henry chuckled and cleared his throat right afterward. Pointing without saying anything Dom lowered his gaze to his lap. Under his seated straddle his scrotum was partially hanging out under his shorts. Noting it's bulge the giant smirked.
"Wanna see something even better?" He winked.
"Uhhh! Think I've probably already seen your better half over at Kelly's."
"Not my pecker you dumb shit. Watch this." He motions Henry to step behind him then calls out at the top of his lungs, "WHO WANTS TO NUDGE MY NADS?"
Hearing him seven of his earlier onlookers including one man hopped from their cardio equipment nearly falling in the process to reach him. A point at the gay man incoming sent him back to his bike disappointed. Of the remaining six beauties he paused them in transit with a wagging index. "First gal to show Louisville here their tits is the lucky nut nudger."
In a blur of whipping shirts and bras Henry McKellen got the opportunity to see six sets of some of the firmest young breasts in Nashville. Eyes flaring but hardly bulging Henry found Dom's control pretty amazing. A stunning redhead most likely mid 20's beat the others due to no bra. Hopping in step at her chance to touch the bodybuilder down there her 38C's bobbed like a dream come true.
"That a girl Lucy." Dom smirked, "Bring 'em down." She intentionally placed her shirts hem between her teeth to keep her breasts out in the open, then knelt next to Dominic but waited permission to touch him, hands to her sides. Henry gathered that she was likely trained some herself in the lifestyle Dominic led. "Let's see if you can do it with your face."
Henry poised his eye brows high expecting her to run but she just moved her face in with zero hesitation and used her nose to nudge his well rounded left nut. Not succeeding at first she used her lips almost as if kissing his sack. If at first you don't succeed try the tongue. Her shirt released from her lips allowed Henry to watch Lucy force his sack under the loose shorts, he could hear her whimpers at being so close to one very big cock, his shorts riding high not making her efforts any easier. Under his shorts now Dominic reached down and palmed the girls cheek. "Good girl. Go ride your bike." She carefully stood up and dropped her t-shirt hem from its wrinkled state atop her tits. Off she wiggled fluttering her fingers at Henry with a very happy grin. "All you gals can stop yer oglin'. Get on over there."
"How many slaves do you have anyway?" Henry chuckled.
"Only Kelly. Lucy there? She's what you call a hopeful. Those others? Three of 'em work next door. Other two...bored housewives."
"Well, at least you're keeping the dream alive."
"That I am...so why are you here? Ain't just to apologize."
"That was part of it. That and to tell you I think it's pretty noble of you to take care of Kelly like you are while she's out of work."
"No reason for her to go back to work. Rather have her when I need her."
"Right!" Henry rubbed the back of his neck trying to calm himself for what he truly wanted to ask. "Alright Dom...the real reason I'm here is Kelly filled me in on your outstanding order that she serve all men's needs should they tell her or ask her for it. I'm not telling you what to do in any way, just hear me out."
"I'm listenin'."
"Is that safe? Who knows what someone might do to her. What if she got...I don't know gang raped?"
"You makin' plans?" Dom smirked.
"No, just saying. If the wrong person knew of your commands she could get hurt. I'm just looking out for her and Travis." If Henry only knew how close that was to being true. Having not heard of Knox Hardecker's abuse, and what could have easily gone down a much darker path if not for Angus Furlong's sudden intervention. Someday he would learn of the situation and find himself right.
"The boy don't like me much." Dom sighed.
"Don't you think it's because you intimidate him? Maybe, he's protecting his mom now that he's technically the man of the house. Kelly's husband hasn't been in the ground all that long. The kid needs a father, or at least someone to look up to that...doesn't appear as if he's harming all that he has."
Mulling it over Dom nods that his processing of Henry's words were sinking in. "I'm not his dad. Never will be."
"Can I ask you something?" Dom uses his hand motion to allow Henry freedom to speak. "Do you intend to stay in Kelly's life longer than a few months? A year? Two years? I mean...look what you have right here at your disposal..." He points to the women doing cardio, "...one lady for every day of the week if you wanted."
"True nuff! Lil' Miss Kelly...knows I do what and who I please. I'm not going anywhere Louisville. If I were only using her do you think I'd pay her bills? Among other things."
"Among other things?"
"She tell you I put a headstone on her husband's grave? She could never afford one."
"Wow! No I..she didn't. That's...really nice of you Dom."
"Any worthy Master knows how to balance his heart and his needs."
"Do you love Kelly?"
"Wouldn't use that word, but there's a flutter amid the chaos." He eyes Henry's expression and reads what he sees, "You got feelings for her?"
"No. I'm married. Somewhat happily. It's getting better." Henry sighed.
"You got somethin' hidin' up there Louisville?"
Clearing his throat Henry rubbed his chin, "A proposal maybe. Willing to hear my thoughts?"
"As long as you're not expecting vows."
"No!" He laughed, "Listen...wanna go have a beer? On me?"
"At 11:00? I never drink 'til noon. You look tense Slugger. Tell ya what you buy the beer, I'll get you a massage."
"Massage?"
"Kitty has a table in the back room. Lil' side job if you know what I mean."
"Ah!" Henry fidgets a bit and looks out at the ladies doing cardio.
"Take your pick."
"What?"
"Any gal here I can coax into givin' you a body massage. Happy endin' even."
"No shit? You have that much control? Even the married ones?"
"Random pick...you'll see." Dom nods to the crowd. "Go for broke."
Henry finding Dom much easier to talk to than expected took the dare mainly to see if he could raise the man's temper. Pondering his best candidate of the women in the room his first choice might have been the redhead Lucy. But, he already knew how easy she dropped to Dominic's persuasion. He needed a true challenge.
"Your sister Serafina." Henry winced with the expectation of Dom saying fuck off.
"Sera? Get your deltoids over here." Dom shocked Henry. Serafina Black lifting weights a good thirty feet away drops her burden and sits up on her bench, a nice sweaty gloss overrunning her pores. The buxom blond looking over at her brother stands almost menacing at first then takes a stroll toward Henry, her big blue eyes squinting at them. Once she arrives she looks directly at Henry and offers her own thoughts.
"Is the twig bothering you Big Brother?" Henry nearly busted up, her tone of voice was like a young girl no more than 12.
"Take ole' Henry to the back room and give him a massage. Happy ending too. Try not to break off anything he might use on ya later."
A thin smile later the 6'3 blond picked Henry up and tossed him over her shoulder. A mighty strong hand gripped his ass. "Right this way Sugarplum." Henry bulged his eyes as she carried him away. Folks found it amusing but didn't dare laugh.
"See ya at noon Louisville."
Batter up! Battered even.
********
"Mom?"
Kelly Herbert having finished up her gardening early in the morning while things were quiet attempted a nice bubble bath to relax her nerves. Worried that Knox Hardecker might come over again and do far worse than merely command her to give him a blowjob, she chose to isolate.
Having her son at home yet again was taxing in itself. The fear of him seeing her at her lowest weighed heavy on her mind. Always doing her best to keep him from learning just how much she enjoyed being a slave took everything she had. A sexual beast herself merely controlled by the words of her Master, she fought hard to maintain his instructions. Even after what happened last night in her front yard she stressed over and over in her head that should it have progressed, she would not have denied the boys. If Travis had seen it...she would have dealt with it as it came.
"Yes Travis?"
"Are you decent?" He asked, in her mind however she took it in a different context. Under her breath she sighed, "I will never be decent Travis. Those days are long gone." Sliding lower beneath her bubbles to hide her nudity she replies, "I am now."
"Can I come in?" She winced hearing his request, her hormones always flaring up when certain things were said that sounded sexual in nature. Shaking off her impure thoughts, this being her son, she closes her eyes to remain in control. Control was never supposed to be in her vocabulary.
"You may...come into the bathroom." It was all in how it was phrased. Otherwise...
Opening the door Travis stepped inside and covered his eyes somewhat, "Sorry! I'll turn my back."
"What do you need Travis?"
"I...need your advice Mom." He could see his Mother in the mirror but tried not to stare.
"About what?"
"Sable McKellen." He sulked a bit, "I really like Sable Mom. Yesterday at school when I got tied up...she tried to help me but got herself in hot water doing it. Now there's a stupid video of us where it looks like she's on her knees...you know...blowing me."
Timing perfect Kelly blew bubbles from her hand while listening to his problem. Water hot she tried her best to relax. "I...feel so bad for her being caught up in my situation Mom. That fucking video has 5,023 likes. Why me? Why did Sable have to come...to my rescue?"
"You came to mine last night. My hero." She tried psychology.
"About that. Why did you let those guys...well, Knox at least...treat you like shit?" He hadn't seen her give Knox a blowjob but he did think he was trying to hurt her, being perverted with his dick hanging out. It was all kind of a blur in his mind, a single glance out the window and a mad dash to her side, stepping out just as Angus Furlong wailed on Knox with his fists. "I should have stomped on Hardecker's balls."
"Violence is not who you are Travis."
"I took a swing at him."
"Without making contact. Try not to do that again please. I've raised you better than that."
"I'll try Mom. So...about Sable...she's been texting me all morning. I just...can't text back. I put her in a bad situation and I hate myself for it."
"If Sable is texting you it means she's worried. Text her back. At least tell her you're alright." Kelly spoke finding her hand easing down between her thighs to touch herself. Travis couldn't see her anyway, she was envisioning the boys last night. Although not anyone she herself would fantasize over, she knew that Knox had an inside knowledge of her Master's orders. Without questioning Dominic over it she presumed that Knox had been told by Dominic to do that to her. Possibly a test to see if she obeyed. Had the boys demanded more she would have let them destroy her right there in the yard. The images so vivid in her mind her fingers began inserting within her pussy. Trembling over her necessity to touch herself even with Travis three feet away she played it coy.
"I guess. Mom? I want you..." He pauses to take a breath, her eyes flaring at how he sounded as if he literally wanted her. Messed up as it was she touched her clit with her other hand and rubbed it harder. Mild whimpers expelled through her nose as he finished his sentence, "...to know I love you. I'll always be here to protect you."
"I know you will. Go text Sable. Let me finish...my bath in peace."
"Right! Sorry to barge in on you."
"Never apologize, my door is always open."
"Thanks Mom." He turns quickly and leans over the tub to kiss her on the cheek, the bubbles not so fluffy any longer, her breasts pretty much visible. He tried not to look, but let's face it. Perbert was his nickname for a reason.
Leaving her, Kelly masturbated mumbling, "Fuck me...please fuck me." to a fantasized lover. Just as her Master would order it. Water splashed on the tile below.
It didn't matter.
********
"Discount if I order 20 t-shirts? Sure why not." Piper Cherry was back on her cell in her office cubicle, legs propped up on her desk. "Right! You know the school colors for the Horton-Dexter Swallow's, right?" She heard chuckles from the owner of the shop, "Yeah, I know I felt the same way once I heard their moniker too. So yeah, powder blue and white shirts, all Large to give the wearers room. No not the football team. These are for the cheerleaders. I'm taking off their current outfits." She heard the man say, "I might have to start going to their games."
"You should come...support the girls." She snickered. "Let's design something better than just having the normal H.D. Swallow. You an artist? Of course you are. Okay let's try designing a flying Swallow as if it's flying right at you with a devious look. Make the beak wide as if it's yelling." She mischievously promoted the girls as actual swallowers. Put cute eyelashes on the bird to show the feminine side. Right! As if they're batting their lashes. On the backs write BE A SWALLOWER FOLLOWER." More laughs out of the man made her grin, this was fun.
"Put the word FOLLOWER right over the wearers butt but make the O's bigger than the other letters. You know what? Print me up a hundred of those shirts. If you get them done before the game Friday I'll pay you triple. Discount went right out the window didn't it? " Piper was having a blast, even as Carl Manley stepped back into his office to overhear her giggles. Intrigued he steps to her cubicle entry and looks at her with curiosity. Her legs still up on her desk she dropped her left leg to the carpet and kept her right one propped. He knew she did it to let him see up her already short skirt. No panties on, her pussy was ripe for the taking.
"Oooo! Oooo! Wait! Add feathers like hands on the shoulders as if someone is grabbing them from behind. Too funny right? Shoot me a text to show me how the finished design looks, you have my number. Thanks Lowell. Kiss kiss!" Hanging up on the t-shirt shop owner Piper dropped her hand to her pussy and intentionally massaged her clit.
"Not gonna tell you to stop. Just not gonna ask you to keep going." Carl shook his head, "What was that all about?"
"New design for the Cheerleaders outfits. I'm taking my job to the next level."
"What's wrong with their current uniforms?"
"Not revealing enough."
"Excuse me?" He looked at her with a scowl.
"That losing streak? Horton-Dexter is about to change that."
"As long as nobody actually streaks."
"Close your eyes Carl. I'll let you know when they're out of range. God! I'm so wet. See?" She shows him moist fingertips. He merely shook his head and went back to his desk. Five minutes later he heard Piper Cherry have an orgasm.
He had to swallow.
Go team!
********
LIFT KITty's fitness center...
"You have a good grip Serafina."
Henry McKellen lay stretched out on his stomach with only a towel over his ass. Okay, a wash clothe, she went the cheap route. She had barely said a word to him since bringing him into the backroom and assisting him in taking his clothes off. When he offered to do it himself she growled at him until he just let her undress him. Of course with her baby like voice she sounded more like a kitten on steroids, than any real hellcat.
Strong hands on his shoulders and spine, rubbing in warm oil made Henry nearly fall asleep. If not for pressure points perking him up he might have began snoring. She definitely knew how to loosen a guy up.
"So you're the baby sister."
"Six years younger." She opened up, "I overheard what you were telling Dom. I like Kelly, she's sweet."
"Yeah, she is a sweetheart."
"No...her taste. She's sweet."
"Oh! You and Kelly..."
"I love eating her out when Dom brings her over. I'm bisexual."
"I know a few of those myself."
"You?"
"Ohhhh no! Totally hetero. Mind if I ask you a question?"
"All ears."
"So you said when you heard us talking. Thirty feet away even. Anyways, how long has your brother been...a Master?"
"He's always been bossy." She found it in her to laugh slightly.
"Beautiful giggle you have there Sera."
"Trying to soften me up?"
"Is that even possible when I know you could break me in half?"
"No need to fear me. I just do what I'm told."
"Sir?" He tested the waters just to understand her better.
"You're not my Sir."
"But there is a Sir?"
"Not at the moment. Are you applying for the job?"
"I'm married." He raises his ring finger.
"So?"
"Ah! Then, I'll think about it." He laughed, "Can you work the kinks out in my lower back? I sit at a desk long periods of time so it get's knotted up." She whips his wash cloth off and starts kneading his lower spine along his butt crack.
"Right spot?"
"You're certainly not shy."
"Raised not to be weak. Don't let my voice fool you...I'm tough."
"Never thought otherwise. How much can you bench press? I'm an easy 225 and you grabbed me like I was a baby."
"460 currently."
"You must have worked out for years. That's some...body you have there Miss Universe."
"Three years of steady training. I'm far from Miss Universe but thanks for noticing."
"Rockin' my universe at least." He chuckled.
"Not yet! Massage isn't over though." She loosened up. Cracking her knuckles she stood back then took her yoga bra off and threw it over his head making him notice her garment as it slipped to the floor. She obviously did it on purpose to get him to notice. Wearing only her stretch pants she crawled up over Henry straddling his legs. Feeling her weight on him he leered back to see her peripherally, as over muscular as her body was her tits were still next to perfect. Collapsing over his back she raked her nipples along his shoulders taunting him. Henry McKellen caved and just let her have her way.
"If this is in the workout routine I'm joining the gym." He sighed.
"My brother did tell me to give you a happy ending."
"Do you always obey your brother?"
"Not how you think, he is my brother."
"Ah! Had to ask. It just seemed...as if you obeyed him."
"Sometimes, when I feel generous. We come from a very strict family. Our Daddy taught us all to be tough. We girls tough, but not so tough we didn't know a man was boss."
"You have a big family?"
"Four brothers one other girl. We're the only two in Nashville though." Her tits were awesome on his back trailing back and forth. "Our kin is down around Chattanooga. Lil' town in the hills called Podunk. Don't laugh I'm not making it up."
"Sounds about right." He snickered. "All bodybuilders?"
"All but my sister Lola. She's a showgirl." She giggled, "Waitress."
"Ah! Do you strip next door? I heard Dom does."
"Now and then. Going to college for Autobody, I paint cars. Dom is putting me through school."
"Guy must be loaded. He's taking care of you, Kelly Herbert, and himself."
"My parents too. They're getting older and less enthusiastic. My other brothers help with that."
"Can I...roll over?" He was getting a tad too aroused and the weight on his penis was making him cringe with discomfort.
"Shore can." She sat up and lifted her weight on her knees to give him room to rotate on to his back. His erection popping high in front of her made her check it out. "That's where I misplaced my dumbbell."
"Calling me a dumbbell now?"
"Naw! Just teasin' ya."
"Nice tits Serafina."
"You can hold 'em. I'll just hang on to this." She reaches down with both hands and grips his cock. He instantly arched his shoulders some.
"I never expected to get this kind of treatment when I came in here. I really figured I'd walk out with a black eye."
"Our last name is Black...I got eyes." She bats her lashes.
"Why yes you do. Big beautiful blue eyes at that."
"Contacts. They're really hazel. I like blue."
"Black and blue go together."
"That we do. Want this here big fella sucked on?"
"That's up to..." He notes her expression appear almost disappointed, seeing this he alters his course, "Get those sexy ass lips around that cock and drain it dry." Her eyes pep up with a smile.
"Why yes...Sir." She stretched out with her knees now hanging over the table and pulls her long blond hair out of her face to enable her to lick his foreskin first to share in his quivering sensations. "I was hopin' you would get a lil'...bossy."
"Shut the fuck up and swallow him whole."
"No tonsils...I can do that." She opens wide for a very brief peek down her throat then lets him view his cock moving between her lips and vanish down the tunnel of love. He watched every inch of his cock slide in until his scrotum crushed up under her chin, nostrils buried in pubes. Mouth full she winked at him then ran her nails up his chest to taunt his nerves. His hands reaching for her scalp she snatches his wrists up, slamming them to his hips. With no hands for support Henry fell flat on his back and let her take control on her own. She thrashed her head up and down roughly, he hearing a beautiful singing voice of, "RAWK RAWK RAWK RAWK RAWK." In his thoughts he said, "Rawk on!"
Less than five minutes into her blowjob he nuts down her throat and watches her persona change into passion. She adored the taste of cum so strongly that it melted her soul, now she needed love. Tenderly kissing, licking, teasing his cock totally enjoying his thickness and length she cooed. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm! I love this cock."
"Y'all done with Happy Hour?" Dom rapped on the door. "Bar's open at Cashanova's."
"Last call." Henry replied, "Meet you there once I do a couple more shots."
Dom chuckled just outside. "Belly up Serafina Sue."
"Planned on it Big Brother." She grinned standing up and peeling her stretch pants off to reveal her tight overpowering build. Crawling up over Henry she shared her nudity and pried her pink pussy wide to show it off. "This here burg is called LIFT KITty's."
"Pump iron."
"Yes Sir."
She rode Henry's cock like well oiled machine. Her pussy control was off the charts, her gyrations tugging, pulling, sensually devouring every inch of him. Holding him down with her upper body strength Henry just let her satisfy herself as much as him. As she cums hard on his cock she releases Henry's hands and hovers over him panting. Looking into her eyes Henry just took over. Palming her face he kissed her long and hard, tongues lashing like bullwhips in a twister. The bodybuilder found her feminine side shoving any of her own dominance behind her.
Lips parting while Henry still holds her cheeks he grimaces, "ON YOUR BACK...NOW!"
Eyes flaring they rolled carefully to switch places and Henry took her missionary. Trying to grab her ankles was a job due to her muscular build, so he gave up and just held her by hooking his arms around her calves. Lifting up over the kitty he pounded her squirting cunt like a drilling rig. Texas tea as they say in Beverly.
For ten more minutes he made her scream and cum two more times before Henry lost his second load directly up inside her. Gnashing his teeth he considered apologizing for that misstep. Serafina wasn't bothered in the least, yanking him savagely into her arms, and held his face in her own strong hands this round. More kissing led to a tender moment. It lasted just long enough to hear a cell phone ring.
"That's Dominic." She huffed, "You should go next door."
"I'm fucking you again."
"That so?" She smiled.
"YOU HEARD ME." Again testing his authority.
"So cute. Shall I call you Sir?"
"Sir will call you." He uses his fingertip to write his number down flesh to flesh on her tummy amid sweat. Reading his private message she recites each number until it was outlined.
"I'll put that in my cell." He then climbed off pulling his cock out in a web of joint body shots.
"Text it when it's in." He hands Serafina her cell to get started.
Getting dressed while she lay there typing he gave her clit a kiss goodbye. Before he even hit the front door Henry heard her text. He was too busy looking over at the ladies working out. Lucy was flirting with her eyes offering him a hint of respect.
"NEXT TIME!" He called out to her. She shivered with excitement. Pointing to two others he added, "YEP!" They giggled at one another and knew they were penciled in. Henry was the Man.
"I could get used to this."
The leadership role was taking point.