Sitting in the stands, Cory reveled in the fact that it was a perfect Fall Saturday for football. Blue sky, white clouds, temperature in the crisp sixties. The peak foliage around the stadium was a magical tapestry.
Everything was perfect except the score. Cory had driven with some friends from his school to the State campus for the annual rivalry game. It was a down year for his college, but he hoped the game would be competitive. Not this year. State had bowl aspirations and early in the third quarter, they were starting to pile up the points. The game was turn into a blowout. While the home team fans were enjoying every minute, Cory was fast losing interest.
Although the game was a disappointment, he wasn't going to let it spoil an otherwise ideal day. State had a picturesque campus. It was nestled in a beautiful river valley and surrounded by tree covered hills. Rather than watch the debacle on the field, he decided to explore the enormous stadium and catch some fall views.
Turning to his buddies, he said, "I'm going to check out the stadium. Anybody interested?"
Gil shook his head, "Nah, I'm just going to check out this six pack and those cheerleaders." The others nodded in agreement and returned to sunning themselves and ogling nearby coeds.
Cory adjusted his baseball cap and picked up his beer, "I'll meet you back at the van." Without looking up, they waved and he set out for the stairs.
The stadium was a huge bowl. Today, it was only half-filled and more people were leaving as the outcome was clear. After the half, most of the fans had settled into the lower portion of the stadium with only a few people scattered around the upper seats.
He bought a hot dog and did a quick loop of the concourse. Then, he mounted the ramp and walked up to the highest reaches of the stadium. At the top edge, the view was gorgeous. While the players were small from this height, the colors were impressive. The field was a brilliant apple green. The far stands were a swath of the home team's crimson. Beyond the coliseum, the yellow, orange and red trees framed the brick buildings and swept up the hills.
Looking over the precipice, he enjoyed the light breeze and watched the tiny figures below strolling across the campus green or relaxing in the sun. Turning back to the field, Cory planned his next move and decided to circle the top of the stadium. The only people up this high were a couple under a blanket high in the end zone. From his position at the fifty yard line, he headed left away from the couple.
Eventually, he'd gone two thirds around and was approaching the lone couple he'd spotted earlier. Taking a closer look, he noticed there was now only person under the blanket. It was a girl with a bright shock of red hair. Her back was against the top wall of the stadium and the blanket was pulled up to her neck. Cory assumed her boyfriend had gone for snacks or a bathroom break.
On closer examination, Cory saw some motion under the blanket. Squinting at the blue covering, there appeared to be a pair of feet sticking out of the bottom of the blanket. They clearly belonged to someone kneeling between the legs of the girl with red hair. Fascinated, he stared at the scene to confirm his first impression. Even at this distance, it was clear that the two of them had long since lost interest in the game and had found a more interesting sexual distraction.
Riveted by the action, Cory moved closer. He looked around furtively to see if there was anyone nearby who might observe his planned voyeurism. There was no one else in this portion of the stadium and the attention of the fans below was directed at the field.
Titillated by the unexpected display, he felt a vicarious carnal rush. Cory stopped several times and pretended to look over the parapet at the campus. In fact, his peripheral vision was glued to the red-haired maiden to his right. Red's attractive face was dappled with freckles and framed by flowing red hair that fell below her shoulders. Her eyes were closed and a pleased smile graced her full red lips.
As he watched, the pair fell into an erotic rocking rhythm. The visible girl moved her hips forward causing her splayed knees to spread further open in response. Her invisible partner was a series of lumps under the blanket that marked a head, shoulders and butt. They thrust forward to meet Red's rocking hips.
Rapt by the scene, he got a hint of the source of their reduced inhibitions. Cory smelled the faint remnants of marijuana and saw a discarded joint on the ground next to their scattered paraphernalia. It brought a smile to his face as it triggered pleasant memories of his own pot enhanced sex adventures. But, he had to concede that his indoor trysts where mild compared to this bold fling.
Confident that the pair was doubly oblivious to everything but their interaction, Cory relaxed and enjoyed the private show. His libido kicked in and he became more aroused.
Red was undeniably enjoying receiving oral sex and she was breathing heavily from the ministrations. Her hands were under the blanket apparently resting on her partner's head and pressing it into her crotch. Cory couldn't make out all the words, but at various points he heard Red give throaty encouragement, "That's great."; "Oh, Lee, that's perfect."
Cory envied Lee and imagined swapping places with him. He visualized his hands massaging Red's thighs and his tongue buried deep in her likely thick and deep red bush.
As the pace picked up, Cory became increasingly inflamed by the salacious public display. His prick was stiff and raging. Leaning against the wall, he slipped his hand into his jeans pocket to apply some pressure and enhance the pleasure. Unknown to the central players, their escapade had just become a virtual ménage-a-trois.
There was a roar from lower in the stadium as someone scored, but he didn't care. The steamy action here was more exciting than any football game he'd ever attended.
Red had moved beyond talking and was emitting a low, steady moan of joy. As the pace of the action accelerated, the blanket slipped from her neck and shoulders to her waist. Although it still covered her lover, it revealed that her sweater and pink tee shirt were pulled up. Delightfully, her lacy blue bra was unfastened uncovering her tits. The full pale breasts were flushed with excitement and heaving in rhythm to the rocking between her thighs.
Cory's eyes expanded and his mouth went dry. As he watched, Red's left hand squeezed and massaged her bosom. Moving between her engorged nipples, she tweaked them to a more feverish level.
Cory fantasized that this was the type of memorable scene that needed to be displayed on the stadium's scoreboard Jumbotron. While he relished the private performance, he knew his buddies would never believe him. He consoled himself with the certain knowledge that this spectacle would fuel his masturbatory fantasies for months.
His wandering thoughts were dispersed by Red's breathless, but loud groan, "Yes, Lee. Yes. Right there. More! More!" As she arched her back, her body moved in a slow and sensual ballet.
Cory couldn't believe that Red had yet to come. He was a third party observer and wasn't sure how much more he could take before he shot a loud in his boxers. His body was afire with lust and he rubbed his dick furiously.
Red humped her body quickly back and forth while biting her bottom lip. The motion caused her tits to jiggle and bounce. The head under the blanket moved feverishly. Red's face pinched in concentration and her eyes were squinted tightly shut. In barely a whisper, she said, "That's it. Now, now! Ohhh gawd! I love you, Lee!! Yeeesssss!!!"
Red's stiffened and then her body shivered in intense pleasure. Her muscles relaxed and enjoyed the climax. She collapsed against the wall with a blissful expression on her face. Arms flopped to the sides and glorious breasts heedlessly unfurled to the autumn sky. They were flecked with little beads of sweat that Cory yearned to lick.
The scene was frozen for a moment as both paramours recovered from their titillating exertions. Retreating from the edge of orgasm, Cory sat and let his own heart and breathing slow. After a minute, Lee began to stir under the blanket. As he began to emerge, Cory was ready to give a thumbs up to the lucky guy. He also prepared to beat a hasty retreat if that was necessary.
Cory got a shock when a cute African-American girl appeared. Her chestnut brown complexion was flawless. A tight lavender camisole accented perky and braless breasts. Lee pushed her bangs off her forehead and used the edge of the blanket to wipe her face. She leaned in and gave her playmate a sensuous kiss on the lips. Eyes still closed, the recipient of the tongue lashing responded in kind.
When Lee stood up, the blanket had fallen to the ground. It revealed that Red was wearing a short plaid skirt in school colors. It was pushed high on her still widely spread thighs. Cory leaned to his right attempting to confirm his erotic suspicions about her pubic hair. But, he couldn't see from this angle.
His movement must have broken Lee's euphoria. She turned her head and saw Cory for the first time. His close position and obvious fixation made it clear he was an intentional voyeur of their very public, private love making. He braced for her to yell and hurl abuse.
Instead, Lee broke into a fit of giggles. Her smile lit up the day. She patted her lover on the arm and said, "We'd better go, dear." Finally shaken from her blissful trance, Red opened her eyes and smiled up at her companion. Lee pointed at Cory. Red turned, then flushed crimson, "Oh, damn!"
Cory continued to gawk with a sheepish grin on his face.
Red jumped to her feet and raced to close her bra and pull down her shirts. More casually, Lee re-buttoned the front of her jeans and pulled up the zipper. It was obvious that Lee had serviced herself at the same time she was doing her friend. Red was embarrassed and kept facing away from Cory's lecherous stare. However, Lee seemed relaxed and almost proud. She faced Cory as she straightened her clothes, pulled on a hoodie and smoothed her ponytail. Her moves accented her shapely buttocks.
They both appeared a little tipsy. In the clutter at their feet, Cory saw an empty wine bottle that they had smuggled in to complement the joint.
As soon as their clothes were together, the girls started to grab at their scattered stuff. In their haste and inebriation, they dropped and retrieved several items as they stuffed things in their bag. Finally, Red urged Lee to hurry up and started to move away. Lee fetched the blanket from the ground, gave it a quick shake and followed.
Cory enjoyed the sway of their hips as they walked toward the aisle. Moving cautiously down the steps, they held hands to support each other. It was an unpretentious display of their affection. As they went, the girls whispered in each other's ears and he could hear them both laugh.
Just before they disappeared into an exit tunnel, Lee turned, flash a smile and gave Cory a little hand wave.
Cory grinned and leaned back. As he savored the memory of the unexpected burlesque show, he spotted something where the girls had been sitting. He walked over hoping to find something they'd left that would give him an excuse to pursue them and return it.
He reached down and picked up the blue cloth. It was a pair of thin nylon panties with embroidered lace. His breath caught.
His mind racing, Cory assumed they were Red's lingerie that had Lee had removed to have easier access to her pussy. They must have gotten tangled in the blanket. In her haste to retreat, Red had obviously forgotten her sexy undies.
His heart was once again pumping at this unexpected erotic find. He got even more stimulated visualizing the red-headed coed strolling across the campus bare-assed under her mini-skirt. He wondered how long it would be before she realized she was fully open to the breeze.
Feeling a guilty but irresistible urge, Cory balled the lingerie in his palm. He brought it to his nose and inhaled. He was rewarded with the strong smell of her perfume and a hint of female musk. His head spun.
All thoughts of returning this treasure evaporated. He thrust the panties into his pocket. On the drive home, it would serve as the coup de grace evidence to convince his buddies that he wasn't making up the unbelievable story. More importantly, the panties would be a permanent souvenir to stimulate his erotic fantasies.
Cory's team lost that day, but he scored a lifetime memory.