Sorry this chapter took so long, hopefully it would be worth the wait. Thank you all for your votes, comments and support. This is it, the end.
This story contains elements of BDSM, blackmail, public humiliation and degradation. If that is not what you like please don't read any further. As always vote and leave comments. Feedback is always appreciated. Enjoy.
*****
"You love me?!" I said half shocked, half confused. "Why?" I said. She can't possibly love someone like me, someone who cheats on her girlfriend, someone who gets off on being sexually humiliated and degraded by other women. Someone as perverted as me can't possibly be loved by someone like her. I mean calling Jo gorgeous would be an understatement. She is the kind of woman most people fantasize about while masturbating. Her model looks, big breasts and tight ass make her the perfect woman. Her attitude sucks, but her body more than makes for it. Why would she love ME?
"What do you mean, why?" she said slightly irritated as if what I had just said was the dumbest response possible. "I just do, I always have. At least for as long as I can remember. I still remember the first time I saw you. You were talking to one of your students dressed in that cute white sundress you have, god you looked so adorable in that. You had those short messy curls that made your face look so sweet and innocent. I fell in love with you the first time I saw you smile. You are amazing Eva, and you deserve so much better that what is happening to you." She said staring right into my eyes.
"No, I don't buy it. You don't love me, it's just another one of Carries tricks to humiliate me." I said not believing her for a second. "You can't expect me to believe that someone as wonderful as you could love some like me? I am not that stupid."
"What!? No...no...no...no..." she said, there was a look of hurt in her eyes. It almost made my heart melt, almost. But I was not going to be fooled by her or Carrie ever again. "Why would you think something like that? I really love you Eva, deeply and profoundly. Why is it so difficult for you to accept that I love you?"
"It's because you are way out of my league Jo. The last time that happened, I ended up in this situation. I can't - I won't believe you no matter what." I said as I started to sob silently. "I don't know what happened between you and Carrie, but I do know that I love you. And why do you think that I am out of your league? Look at yourself in the mirror Eva, you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."
Her words made me blush, suddenly conscious about the way I was dressed I started pulling my top to cover more of my exposed midriff, but it was of no use. The more I pulled it down the more cleavage I exposed. I gave up, "You want to prove that you love me, then kiss me." I was pretty confident that I had caught her bluff. She was never going to kiss me.
She stared at me for the longest time, before she leaned towards me grabbing my head firmly and pulled me in for one of the most passionate kisses I have ever had. It started timidly like most first kisses but soon I felt her mouth part slightly as her tongue darted into my mouth. I kissed her back with all the anger, frustration and arousal I could muster. Soon the kiss transformed into a full blown make out session. I felt her hand move from the back of my head to my neck, and then down towards my breast caressing me along the way. She started fondling my breasts through my shirt as I moved my own hands under her skirt. As my hand made first contact with her pussy, she moaned loudly into my mouth. She was dripping wet, as I fondled her pussy with my hands. She broke the kiss momentarily as she looked right into my eyes, with a fire I had never seen before. She grabbed me by my waist, picked me up and moved me on to her lap with relative ease. She resumed kissing me, as she grabbed the hem of my top and pulled it over exposing my breasts. This had gone too far, I pushed my hands between us and stopped our make out session before it went any further.
Both of us were breathing heavily, as I put my top back on to cover my breasts. I returned back to the passenger seat before Jo finally broke the silence. "Wow." She said as she started giggling. "That felt a hundred times better than I had ever dreamt."
"Yeah! Wow. That was very...um" I said but I was out of words. I didn't know how to describe it. There was this passion and sexual tension between us that just intensified everything. "So hot?" Jo completed my thought.
"Yes." I said. "So you really do love me." She nodded, too out of breath to say anything. "Were you ever going to tell me if all this had not happened?"
"I don't know. Probably not. I always thought that it would put me in a very vulnerable position to tell you. I was scared you would turn me down. But seeing you like this, it just... I just had to tell you." She said. I smiled at her and we sat in silence as both of us regained our composure.
"So, what does this mean for us?" Jo asked hopefully. I didn't know what to say. What was I doing, my love life was complicated as it is with Kirstin and Carrie, and I couldn't afford to be involved with a third woman. Before I could say anything, we were interrupted by the echoing sound of horn. It was Carrie.
I glanced at Jo one last time smiling, before I left her car. As I started walking towards Carries car, I heard Jo coming out of her own and she started walking beside me. For the first time since this nightmare began I felt confident, I was no longer alone. Carrie got out of car, and held her hand up indicating me to stop.
"Show them to me, slut." I winced as I heard the word slut echo through the parking lot. I grabbed my top and pulled it over in one quick motion hoping to get my humiliation over as soon as possible. Jo took my top and put it in a handbag. My boobs were completely exposed to anyone who was present in the parking lot. Luckily for me there was no one to witness my humiliation, but standing in the school parking lot with my top half exposed was still scary. I was shivering, as Carrie walked towards me. She grabbed both the nipple rings and pulled them lightly. It didn't hurt as bad as I thought it would but was still enough to make me yelp.
"They make you look so slutty, E. "Carrie said fascinated with them. Still flicking the rings alternatively she turned her attention to Jo. "I hope you had fun with her."
"I did, she is every bit the eager little whore you said she was. Today was amazing, you got to lend her to me again soon." I was shocked, what was Jo saying. I thought she loved me and was going to defend me but instead she is actively taking part in humiliating me with Carrie. I looked at her, shooting daggers with my eyes. With a sudden surge of anger I blurted out, "Fuck You Jo." I could never in a million years guessed her response.
*slap*
She slapped me hard in the face shocking both me as well as Carrie. "Don't you talking to me like that you little slut. You are nothing but a worthless piece of ass to me, that I enjoy humiliating for my pleasure." Her response made me cry, as I stood there not understanding what was going on. One minute she said she loved me and made me feel so special and the very next minute she makes me feel like the most worthless person in the world.
"Shut Up, E. You deserved what you got, and don't you dare talk to me or Jo in this way ever again." I continued to sob as I felt more dejected than ever. "Do you understand me, you mindless bimbo?" Carrie said staring at me with anger. I stopped sobbing, "Yes, mistress" and slipped back into my role as the sub.
"As a punishment, you are going to ride with me naked the rest of the day. Hand me your skirt." In an attempt to avoid any more humiliation from either of these women I quickly removed my skirt and handed it to Jo who put it in the handbag. "Go sit in the car, I have something to discuss with Jo." She said slapping me in the butt urging me to quickly get in the car.
Once there, I could no longer hear Carrie and Jo, but figured they were insulting me a little more from there expressions. They were both giggling like best friends and looked at me a couple of times during the conversation. Finally Jo handed Carrie the handbag with my clothes in it along with the shopping bags and left.
"Meet you later, Mindless Bimbo." Jo yelled as she walked out of the parking lot. I hate that name. I am not mindless, I am a teacher for fuck sakes. You know what, fuck her and fuck Carrie. At least my minds my own. I sat in my own humiliation as Carrie put the bags on the back seat before sitting beside me on the driver side. I held my head down, feeling too dejected to argue.
"She genuinely hates you, Eva. But I don't, remember that. I love you, and I know it might not seem like it sometimes by the way I behave but it's true. I know what you truly desire better that you yourself. So trust me and just revel in your humiliation slut. It's going to be a lot easier that ways." She said.
I stayed quite but nodded to get her off my back. I have to get out of this somehow, I can't let this crazy bitch control me like this. Content with herself Carrie put the key in the ignition and turned it. She drove out of the parking lot, with me sitting naked beside her. The car glass was slightly tinted so I was sure no one could see me, not unless they were looking carefully.
We drove silently as I hatched a plan to get myself out of this situation. I was doing this mainly because Carrie was blackmailing me with the photos and videos she had. If somehow I could get to those photos and delete them I would be free from her control. Carrie has three computing devices that she could keep them in, and she wouldn't trust anyone else with the photos. I know her and I am sure that she has three copies of the pics- one in her phone, the other in her work computer and one in her laptop. Any backup she has will be physical and not online, she is too much of a control freak for that.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that I couldn't possibly do this alone. Her mobile would be easy for me to get into but her laptop or work computer was going to be difficult. Before I could find a solution to this problem we had arrived at our destination. A hair salon?! What the fuck was she planning now? I looked at her in a shocked expression, expecting the worst with her.
"Please Carrie don't make me shave my head." I said pleading. I love my long straight hair, I couldn't imagine myself without them. She chuckled at my reaction, and said, "NO. God no. Why would you think I'd shave your head? No, I just want to see you in that messy curly look you had a few years back. You looked very beautiful in them. I remember that old yearbook photo of yours with those short curls. I think that would make you look so young and innocent just like a school girl." She said.
I was slightly relieved that she was not forcing me to shave my head, but at the same time a little concerned. That short curl look I had was good when I was in college but as a teacher that would not at all be appropriate. And what was up with everyone and my messy curl hairdo anyways?
I simply nodded my head and grabbed my clothes as she handed them to me. I got dressed and followed her into the hair salon. Once inside I waited by the counter as Carrie took her time explaining the hair dresser how to cut my hair. I was very conscious of the way I was dressed and could feel people, mostly women staring right at me with disapproving looks. I was embarrassed particularly by one of the woman sitting in the waiting area pretending to read a magazine while she was actually checking me out. I could feel her perverted gaze as her eyes followed each and every crevice and curve of my exposed body.
I could feel myself getting wet under her gaze. She was average looking but had very sexy mouth. I swear I saw her wet her lips with her tongue seductively. I was focused entirely on her mouth when I felt a tap on the shoulder. It was Carrie.
"They are ready for you." That's all she said.
Absent mindedly I followed her into one of the back rooms. I was still thinking about the woman in the waiting area. It's weird how different everything seems once you openly sexualize yourself. That woman was obviously interested in me, she was turned on from the way I was dressed. Under normal circumstances, if I were dressed conservatively she would not have paid me this much attention. Was Carrie right? Do I secretly desire all of this? Should I just give in to all of this, revel in my desire to be humiliated and degraded?
NO. How can you even consider this you dumb bitch? She is forcing you to do all of this. Of course I am going to be turned on by this, where there is a stimuli there is a response. Its scientific, it's simple. I am not turned on by humiliation, I am turned on by the persistent sexual stimulus that I have to endure. I tried to make sense of my arousal as we walked to the back room. Once I sat on the chair, the stylist an old woman pushed my head back as she covered my eyes with a sleeping mask. "Relax dear, I will take care of everything." She was very gentle and before I knew it I fell asleep. I didn't realize how tired I was before now.
I was woken up by the sweet sound of Carries voice, "Wake up, slut. It's all done." I slowly opened my eyes as I felt her pulling the mask away. At first I didn't recognize the face that stared at me when I looked in the mirror. She was a much younger woman, with a sweet innocent face and short blonde hair that complimented her look.
"You bleached my hair." I said puzzled.
"I like it." I really did. They looked amazing, Carries face had a beaming smile. She seemed happy with herself and maybe with me. I don't know, it's difficult to tell with her.
"I know, they do look wonderful on you. I just thought you didn't completely look the part of the mindless bimbo without the blond hair. Well now you do." She said.
The smile from my face disappeared once I realized the true reason for bleaching my hair. She wanted me to look the part of dumb mindless whore she is turning me into. I turned my head down as Carrie continued.
"I am sure Jo has told you about the party. Its tomorrow night and five of my friends, your colleagues are going to be there. And you my little slut are the entertainment." She finally revealed as she held up my chin like a small child. I was scared, five of my colleagues will be there at the party tomorrow to witness my degradation. This was getting out of hand. But the party also gave me an opportunity to execute my plan and get to those photos.
Carrie must have read my mind, she smirked before revealing her plan further, "Of course they will not know who you are. That would ruin the fun. I would like this to be our dirty little secret, just you, I and Jo would know your true identity." This calmed me down a little, but it was going to be difficult explaining Kirstin where I was going tomorrow. Fuck that, it would be difficult explaining Kirstin any of this. The nipple rings, the hair, the color of my hair-all of it would be impossible for me to explain.
"So tomorrow night, I am having a small get together at my house for my birthday. I hope you remember it's my birthday tomorrow. It's going to be just some close friends from work and college. After the formal party is over though, I will have an after party at the Meow Mix, I know it's your favorite club. I have booked a private room there for the after party where you are going to be the entertainment. I am going to make you do things that you couldn't have dreamt about to people you see every day, only they will not know what a truly perverted whore you are." She continued as she started caressing my pussy through the skirt. The stylist had left us alone by now and there was no one else in the room beside us. So I just let go, enjoying the feeling of her hand on my mound.
"You would love that wouldn't you, you mindless bimbo."
"Yes..." I had accepted this. I decided to revel in my humiliation for the rest of my time with Carrie. Because after tomorrow night I'll be free. No matter what. I will no longer succumb to her blackmail.
"Tell me what do you want, to happen to you tomorrow night?"
Completely under the influence of her caress, I was hornier than ever before. I could feel my skirt soaking from my wet pussy. I couldn't think straight even if I wanted to. Overcome with lust I said, "I want you to make me strip in front of all of them, before you force me to service each of them."
"You would love that wouldn't you? I would love to make you strip tease for them, dance for them and give them all a lap dance. After that I will make you lick their dirty assholes as they degrade you verbally. That would make you so horny." She continued to paint a picture of tomorrow night. I was looking forward to tomorrow night as much as I was fearing it. Her caresses got wilder, as she leaned in to kiss me. God, I was so close.
"Please mistress, make your dumb blonde bimbo cum. Make me thrash around like the dirty little whore I am." I don't know what took over me, but I didn't care. All I wanted to do more than anything else was cum. But, she had other plans.
She slapped my pussy hard a couple of times to subside my arousal. That did the trick as I was now far from cumming. I was frustrated beyond belief. I couldn't understand why she would not let me cum. Maybe I was a dumb bimbo after all.
"I want you to remain this aroused, for the party tomorrow. So no orgasms for you slut till I allow you to." She said as she walked towards the door. "You need to get a wax, Mary Ann here will take care of it." That's when Carrie left the room leaving me in the back room all alone. Mary Ann took a couple of minutes before she came in carrying all the supplies needed for waxing. She was a short redhead, with ample breasts and a flat stomach. I could tell from just watching her that, she worked out a lot to stay in shape. Her strong, sharp shoulders and muscular arms along with her big bust made her seem like a very authoritative woman. She had a kind face which combined with her curled red hair made her look like a total knock out.
"Hey, now this is going to hurt a little so I would ask you to lie down and just relax." She said with a hint of Texas accent in her voice. I simply did what I was told as I leaned back and relaxed. I felt Mary Ann pull my skirt down.
I heard her gasp, when she realized that I was not wearing any underwear and that I was soaking wet. It must have been a mess down there as she used wipes to dry me. The entire ordeal was very humiliating. She asked me to put my feet on the stirrups and then spread my legs a good three feet apart.
I could feel the cool air gushing between my legs as it touched my delicate lips. Involuntarily my pussy began dripping again. I couldn't help it. Mary Ann stared at my pussy for the longest time, wondering what kind of slut I was, I am sure. After a while she heated the wax before applying it over my pussy.
That first contact of hot wax with my pussy made me shudder, "This is going to hurt a little but just relax. I'll be as gentle as possible." She said consoling me. She put a strip on my groin blew air on it and then pulled it in one quick motion.
Fuck that hurt so much. I screamed at the top of my voice. This caused Marry Ann to move her hand over my mouth. She shushed me but the pain was too much and I started kicking in my place. This caused Carrie to come in, one angry look from her and I calmed down scared she was going to belittle me in front of Mary Ann.
"Tie her up and gag her. I don't have a lot of time, I want this waxing over as soon as possible." Carrie said to Mary Ann who looked at me expectedly like I was going to protest. But no words left my mouth as I continued to stare down.
With no protest from me, Mary Ann fastened my feet to the stirrup tightly, before she used a piece of cloth to tie my hands over my head. I lay there helplessly when Mary Ann finally spoke, "What do I gag her with?" she asked innocently. She was a lot more timid than she looked. Carrie pulled a ball gag out her hand bag and said, "Use this."
Once tightened around my mouth, Mary Ann continued the painful process of waxing. But this time she was a lot less gentle, and quickly completed the task at hand. With each subsequent strip she became less and less gentle. I think she accepted the fact that I was a slut, and my lack of protest reaffirmed it for her. I cried the entire time from the unbearable pain. She gave me a full brazilian that took twenty minutes in total, much faster than a normal waxing would take.
Once completed she admired her handy work as Carrie walked around her to stare at my completely exposed cunt. "That looks smooth, touch it Mary Ann. Tell me is it really as smooth as it looks." Carrie said.
Mary Ann no longer caring what I wanted simply extended her hand to touch me, moving her fingers tenderly up and down my pussy. "Oh my god, she is dripping wet." She said. I was humiliated once again. Why was I wet, was it the pain that led to my arousal or was it the fact that I was wantonly exposing myself to Mary Ann? I couldn't really tell.
"Yeah, she is a weird one. There is no telling what turns this dumb slut on. Anyways thanks for the wax Mary Ann. You did a great job, we'll see you later." Carrie said as she walked out of the room. All this time Mary Ann was still touching me down there, tenderly, unsure of herself. Once she realized what she was doing, she abruptly moved her hand and untied me. Once she removed my gad, she handed it to me and simply walked out of the room too embarrassed by the whole ordeal.
I picked up my skirt and wore it once again. The feeling of the rough material of the skirt on my tender pussy made it difficult to walk. So with the ball gag still in my hand I walked taking short steps out of the room. I could feel the stare of everyone in the waiting area on me and the ball gag but I didn't care. I continued to walk till I was out of the hair salon. Carrie had already paid for the haircut and waxing, so I silently made my way to her car where she was sitting waiting patiently for me. She had a little smirk on her face. Arghh!! I hate that smug look on her face, I wanted to punch that smirk right off her smug face but controlled myself.
I need to control myself, I can't let her get to me. I have to get to those photos and delete them somehow. I had a plan in mind, but I was going to need the help of one more person to do this. But who could it be, I couldn't trust anyone with it.
Once inside the car, Carrie said, "Strip slut. You know you are punished." I didn't even bother protesting. I quickly grabbed my top and pulled it over my head followed by pulling my skirt down. There I was completely naked once again in Carries car. Being naked seemed so normal now. What was Carrie doing to me?
I sat silently as Carrie continued to talk about the party. But my mind was focused on something else, I had to get out of this situation. But I needed help. The problem was there was no one there to help me. We continued to drive till we were once again in the school parking lot. It was approximately two hours after school day had ended. So there was no car in the parking lot except for mine.
"I asked Jo to park your car here. I know you have had a tough day. So with this last task I am not going to bother you till tomorrow evening. I want you ready, dressed as modestly as possible by 5 pm tomorrow. I will come pick you up. Till then relax. Because if you think today was tiring, tomorrow is going to be hell for you. Now, get out of the car."
I started looking for my clothes, and found the handbag in the back seat. But once again Carrie shocked me, "Don't even think about it slut. You are going home as it is. Here are your keys. Now get out."
"But Kirstin is going to be home by now, what am I going to tell her." I said suddenly worried that my secret would be out.
"I am sure you'll think of something." She said. Reluctantly I got out of the car, and saw Carrie drive away. Quickly I ran towards my car, scared that I might get caught. Once inside, I sat there protected by the tinted glasses.
What the fuck was I going to tell Kirstin? How am I going to explain the new hairdo, the piercing and the blonde hair to her? Moreover why was I naked? What do I tell her? I was so royally screwed.
I started the car, and drove to my house. The entire way I kept thinking about excuses that I would tell Kirstin. But came up short. As I opened my garage door remotely and parked my car inside, I heard Kirstin yell out, "Is that you, E?"
I stayed quite. I got out of the car, ready to face the music. I opened the door leading inside the house. That's when it finally clicked, I walked confidently right into the kitchen where I knew Kirstin would be waiting for me. She looked shocked by my lack of clothing as well as my new jewelry and haircut.
"What the fuc..?!" she opened her mouth to say something but I attacked her mouth. I kissed her wildly with all the passion I could muster. Reluctant at first she soon gave in and started kissing me just as wantonly. Her hand went straight for my nipple rings as she pulled them causing me pain and pleasure at the same time. She started fondling my ass, before she took charge and picked me up. She sat me on the kitchen sink, and continued the kissing. My hands moved to hold her face, pulling her in as forcefully as possible.
I moved my hands down to her blouse and ripped it open. Putting a hand inside her blouse I mauled her breasts, tweaking her nipples with my fingers. Ripping open the rest of her blouse I removed it and threw it across the room. Wrapping my feet around her thin waist, I said "Make love to me, lover."
She stared into my eyes, before she picked me up and carried me all the way to our bedroom. Once inside she laid me on the bed gently before she started kissing me on my neck. Her mouth moved from my neck to my stomach kissing me the entire way. She pushed my legs back spreading me completely. Planting a thousand small tender kisses around my pussy she finally touched my pussy with her tongue.
Fuck I was so horny. I seemed like forever since I was last licked. Expertly Kirstin continued licking my pussy while her left hand wrapped around my leg and went straight for my clit. She continued to rub my clit and at the same time licked my pussy ferociously. I was close to cumming from my previous encounters with Carrie and Jo and soon I could feel the orgasm building up quickly.
I remembered that I was not to cum, so pushed Kirstin away with my hands. "No, I want to make you cum first." She looked at me confused but was too horny to care. She flipped on her back till her pussy was completely exposed to me. Fuck she is so flexible. I dove in straight for her pussy grabbing her thighs for support.
Making small circles with my tongue, I alternated between licking her pussy and clit. Continuing my efforts for a good ten minutes in the same position, I could tell Kirstin was close. We were both covered completely with sweat. Kirstin started thrashing wildly as she yelled, "Fuck...yes. Lick me you slut. Yes. Yes. Right there, yessss, make me cum." I doubled my efforts on the said point and was rewarded with a wild orgasm from Kirstin. She continued to scream and thrash, I swear our neighbors could hear us. Let them.
Once her orgasm subsided, Kirstin collapsed on to the floor. She was covered completely with an amalgam of sweat and pussy juices, same as me. She started giggling and so did I.
"Wow." That's all she said.
I simply smiled in reply. "Time to return the favor." she said as she grabbed me by my waist and pulled me in towards her.
"No, it's ok. I am too tired as it is. I don't think I can cum without passing out." I chuckled at my own joke. But Kirstin didn't look amused for one second. She had a serious look on her face, one that I knew too well. She suspected something.
"What is going on with you E? I have never known you to refuse an orgasm." She said her voice clearly indicated the concern she had for me.
"It's nothing Kirstin, I am tired that's all." I said trying to shrug off her concern. I got up from the floor and went outside to the kitchen. She followed me.
"No that's not it. There is something very different about you. I noticed it yesterday, for the first time. When you wouldn't take that coat off in the restaurant and then at the club, you walked butt naked through a crowded club, E. You were not wearing anything underneath that coat in the restaurant, were you? That's all very hot E, but it's not like you to do things like that." She ranted as if it had been on her mind all along.
I stayed quite, not knowing what to say. I was tired, tired of lying to her. "It's nothing, just let it be." I mumbled barely hearing it myself. I just stared at my feet.
"Just let it be! What are you talking about? E... Look at me. Look at me, E. What's going on? This is not you. There's something wrong, I've felt it for a while. You have seemed very different from the day I came back from the trip. The spontaneous sex, naked walks and the hair. You hate blonde hair, and these..." she said pointing towards my nipple rings. "Never in a million years would you get these voluntarily."
She continued to rant, and I continued to listen to her timidly. I was simply too tired. I can't lie to her any longer. Here she is concerned about my well-being but the truth is that I am acting like a total slut on commands of a crazy bitch who is blackmailing me. And the cherry on top of this sour cake is that it's my own lust that has gotten me into this mess. I just lost it. I started crying, uncontrollably, for the first time in a long time I continued to cry. Not holding back one bit, I screamed and cried letting the fear, sadness and guilt wash over me.
Kirstin hugged me in an attempt to console me, but I kept on crying. I had been keeping all of this inside of me, but I decided to just let go. "It's going to be all right, Eva. I am here with you, I'll fix everything for you, dear. Just tell me, what happened?"
I calmed down after sometime, and stared at her not knowing where to begin. I opened my mouth several times but just couldn't form words.
"I cheated on you, Kirstin." I said still sobbing.
There was a look of hurt on her face. "Please tell me it's not Carrie." She said hopefully. My silence gave her the answer.
"Why? Was it because I cheated three years ago?" she asked. She did cheat on me a year into our relationship but I forgave her.
"No, it's all my fault. I was stupid enough to cheat on you. I am sorry, Kirstin. I am so so sorry." I started crying again.
Kirstin stayed quite, just staring at me not bothering to console me any longer. But I had still not told her the entire truth.
"There's more to it than that, Kirstin. I didn't simply have sex with Carrie, she made me into her sex slave. But when I tried to get out, she showed me pictures she took of me while I submitted to her and is using them to blackmail me. That's why I have been acting so weird lately. She is forcing me to do all this." I said relieved to finally tell her the entire truth.
"I don't know what to say, Eva. I never thought you would cheat on me let alone all this." She said as she sat on the floor of the kitchen dejected. I sat down beside her still naked, not knowing what to say to earn her forgiveness. At this point I started to think I didn't deserve any.
"But I can't be the one to judge, can I? I cheated on you long before you ever did. I stay out of town for weeks leaving you behind all alone. I was absent when you needed me, and that forced you into another woman's arms." She said.
"No, K. It was all me. You are the best girlfriend anyone could hope for, it's me... I am the one not good enough for you."
"What does that mean?" she asked looking at me with confusion.
"It means that you are too good for me. And we should break up. You could do a lot better than me, K. I am sorry for whatever I did." I said tearing up even before the words left my mouth.
"No, I won't give up on you E. I love you. I don't care if you cheated on me, I don't care if you were Carries sex slave or whatever. Just promise me this will not happen again and I'll forgive you." She said as she grabbed my hand and gripped it tightly.
"You don't understand, Kirstin. Being her sex slave was not just dressing in lingerie for her, she made me do things, dirty things to her and others. You will hate me once you find out what all I had to do."
"Then don't tell me. I don't want to know. Just as long as you promise never to do this to me again, I don't care what you did before." She could still see the reluctance on my face. "You still love me, E. Don't you?"
"Yes I do. Kirstin you are the love of my life, and everything else to me is a mistake." I said as she pulled me in for a tender kiss. This kiss made me remember why I fell in love with her the first time. "I love You." I said and meant it. Saying everything out loud had finally made things clear. I never loved Carrie, I just lusted after her. Those feelings never made me feel as alive as Kirstin did.
We sat there in silence for the rest of the evening, embracing each other. It was the most peaceful and clear moment of my life. I couldn't have been happier. Finally at seven pm I realized just how hungry I was. I decided to cook, as I wanted Kirstin to be as happy with me as possible. Once I set the dinner table, I decided to finally get dressed. I wore a simple t-shirt and shorts. We sat across from each other on the dinner table, but there was still an awkward silence between us.
"So... What about the photos she was blackmailing you with?" Kirstin finally broke the silence.
"I have a plan, but I am going to need your help." I proceeded to reveal my plan to her about how I was going to go to Carries birthday after party and act as the entertainment distracting her. I will at an appropriate moment grab her phone and quickly delete the photos. The entire time Carrie will be with me, Kirstin can go to the school and delete the photographs from her work computer. Her laptop will be tricky to get to, as it will be in her apartment along with the backup copies.
"Yes, that will be a problem. I can get into her office easily. I will just make an excuse to get into your office, but will instead grab her key. But her apartment, that will be impossible without her key." She said.
We tried to think of a solution to this problem together, when the doorbell rang. Who could it be? I got up, and walked to the door and opened it. It was Jo. What the hell was she doing here?
"Before you get mad at me for this afternoon, I was just trying to act my part." Jo said defending her actions.
"I figured you were. It's ok. Come on in." I said. Jo followed behind me. Kirstin saw her and her eyes widened, "What the hell is she doing here?" she said getting up from her chair and pulling me behind her as if she was trying to protect me.
"It's ok, Kirstin. She is a friendly now." I said. Jo looked unafraid by Kirstin's actions. She looked ready to fight, but one look from me and she backed down. "I told her everything Jo." I said looking at her. Kirstin looked at me with shock, "She is involved too? Who else? Wait no don't tell me, I don't want to know."
Kirstin picked up the plates and took them to the kitchen. While Kirstin was still in the kitchen Jo said, "What does that mean for us Ev?"
"It means there is no us. I love Kirstin a lot, and she is my girlfriend. Nothing can happen between us." I said determined to make things work with Kirstin. Kirstin came back into the living room with a smile on her face, "I know how we can get into her house. Jo can help. Won't you Jo?"
"What do you mean?" Jo said clueless. I explained the entire plan to Jo, and asked her if she would help. "I will do anything for you Ev, you know that." There was a pang of jealousy on Kirstin's face but I gripped her hand tightly to reaffirm my devotion to her.
"How are you planning on getting inside her apartment?" I asked Jo. "I'll make an excuse and just stay after the party for a few extra minutes. I will delete the copies on her laptop and then join you guys at the club later." She said.
Satisfied that the plan would work, we discussed the plan once more and then said our farewell to Jo. Once she was gone, I went into the bedroom realizing just how tired I was. I cuddled with Kirstin for the rest of the night, sleeping in the soundest manner possible.
Morning came quickly, and I took a shower and got ready for school. I wore the most modest thing in my wardrobe a thick brown top and a knee length skirt. Still no undergarments as I didn't have any. As I was about to leave for work, Kirstin grabbed my hand, pulled me in towards her and kissed me.
"Take care E. I trust you, remember that. Don't break that trust." She said. I smiled and left for work. Today was going to be a normal day. Carrie had promised not to bother me till the party started. So once I reached school I was beaming with happiness. All was well in the world once again, I was no longer lying to my girlfriend and after tonight I will be free from Carries blackmail.
I almost made my way to my classroom without any interruptions, almost. But fate had other plans as I was stopped on my way by Carrie.
"You seem awfully chipper today. There is a little extra pep in your step slut. Happy it's my birthday?" She said.
"Happy birthday." I said and hugged her as friends do. "It's not so much the happiness as it is the absence of guilt. I am just enjoying myself basking in my sluttiness." I said hoping to maintain this façade for one more day.
"I am glad you are. I will see you at five, wear something sexy." She winked at me before she left, the bitch. I continued on my way to the classroom. It was one of the best days of my teaching career. I was fully concentrated on the curriculum, and interacted actively with the students. Luckily for me none of the students from yesterday who witnessed my humiliation recognized me, partly because I was dressed very provocatively yesterday and because of my new hairdo.
The day went past without any hiccups and before I knew it I was on my way back to home. Just as I was about to enter my car, Jo called out my name. "Hey Ev, Leaving without seeing me?" she said.
"I got a big evening planned, got to leave early." I said sarcastically. "Are you Ok?" she asked.
"What? What are you talking about?" I said slightly annoyed, I wanted to get things ready in time for the party. "I mean it's going to be tough day for you. Are you sure you can manage?" she asked concerned. I was touched by it but honestly with the things that had happened so far how much worse could it get.
"I'll be fine Jo, don't worry. There's nothing worse she could do to me, that hasn't already been done. And no matter what happens, I am done after tonight. I won't care if she puts those photos and videos on the internet or on TV, I will no longer be hers to torment." I said determined.
"No, you don't understand Ev, the things she has told me, and the things she'll make you do they will leave a lasting mark. Just be careful, and no matter what, just endure it. I will get you out tonight no matter what." She said as she held my hand and looked me in the eye. I smiled at her and then left for home.
The entire drive home, I kept on thinking what was it that had Jo scared? Maybe I should have asked her. Maybe I was underestimating Carrie, she could have some sort of fail-safe in case the photos ever got deleted. The more I thought about it the less confident I got. Finally on reaching home, I went straight for the bathroom. I needed a quick shower to cool things off. Clothes came off quick, and soon I water started falling on my tired abused body.
My nipples were still sore from the piercings, and my pussy still red and puffy. I was constantly aroused and thought about masturbating to get the edge off, but decided against it. She'll know if I masturbate, no need to make things worse for yourself Eva. Just take it slow and get through this. One last time, submit to her and never will you have to endure this again.
I started thinking about the degradation I had to go through and realized just how much had happened to me in a couple of days. How much damage could Carrie have done if I let her continue? But it wasn't all bad, I did enjoy my submission in the starting when I thought I still had some control over it. I did have some wonderfully memorable orgasms with her. Was I going to miss all of this? I didn't know but at least I'll be in control.
I got out of the shower still naked and dripping, and started looking for a towel to dry myself. "I hate Carrie, but I got to say you look hotter than ever before babe." Kirstin said. It startled me, I wasn't expecting her to be home.
"Ha, Ha." I said sarcastically. "What are you doing home, I wasn't expecting you."
"Are you kidding, it's a big day for you. I am not letting you do this alone. I love you." That's all she said.
I didn't argue, she was right. I needed all the moral support I could get. I grabbed a towel from the hamper and started drying myself. Once satisfied I went for my closet but Kirstin blocked my path.
"May be you should stay naked, as a punishment for cheating." She said grinning ear to ear. I was surprised and completely against the idea as I was going to spend the better part of the evening naked in the party. But something inside of me didn't want to disappoint Kirstin. It wanted to do everything she said.
"Whatever you say, Mistress." I said adding the last part after a pause and walked past her into the dining hall. That's when I saw my phone vibrating on the dining table. It was Carrie. I picked it up.
"Hello Slut, I hope you have started getting ready for the party." She said.
"Yes, I just got out of shower and am about to get dressed for the party. What should I wear?" I asked hoping I sounded like submissive slut she wanted me to be.
"Use your imagination. It doesn't matter what you wear because I have a special outfit for you for the after party. Anyways, I don't want Kirstin to come to my party, she will hog all of your time. I have special plans for you." She said. Why didn't she want Kirstin to come?
"Ok, I'll make some excuse." I replied. "On that note, how did you explain yourself to her yesterday?" she asked curious.
"I played it off as a spontaneous sex session with her. She loved it, and my new hair and piercings." I said smiling at Kirstin as she walked into the dining area.
"And she bought that? She is even a bigger mindless bimbo than you are." She replied laughing and then hung up. Fuck her that bitch.
"What does she want now?" Kirstin said clearly jealous. "She doesn't want you to come, she thinks you will hog all my time at the party." I replied.
"Fucking bitch, I am going to rip that bitch a new asshole after all of this is over." Kirstin replied angrily. I had never seen her this angry and I had no doubt she could kick Carries ass. It was half past three and I thought it was best to start getting ready.
The doorbell rang exactly at five, I was already dressed and Kirstin had left for her office to make things less awkward when Carrie came. Though the real reason Kirstin left was because she couldn't control her anger in front of Carrie. I was dressed in a cute white sundress that I had. Still no bra or panties, but it looked decent enough. With my new hair the dress looked quite elegant. The only sore point was the piercing which were clearly visible under my dress but I couldn't do anything about it, could I? With the white dress I had on five inch white heels that were a pain to walk in but made me look sexy.
I opened the door and was greeted by Carries beaming smile. She looked satisfied by my choice of clothing. Walking past me without saying a word, she kept a handbag on the table.
"Where is Kirstin?" she asked as she looked around for her. "She had some work to do in the office. She'll come late." I replied.
"Good. There is change of plan, you are not going to be at the main party. Instead you will be going straight for the meow mix. There will be someone waiting for you there, they will get you ready for the party. We will arrive at the meow mix around eight and that's when the real party will begin. I will drop you there now." She revealed. I didn't care, I didn't want to be at her stupid party anyways. The quicker this is over the better.
"As you desire Mistress." I replied like a true submissive. "But first I'll make sure you are up to the mark, don't want you embarrassing me in front of my real friends. So, strip." She said.
Humiliated by her demands I timidly grabbed the hem of my dress and pulled it over my head. Since I was wearing nothing underneath it, I stood naked in front of her after removing just one piece of clothing. She looked at me intensely and walked towards me. Extending her hand to tweak my nipple ring, she moved her finger all over my body. She examined my body like an animals for a long time to humiliate me further.
"Everything seems to be fine, especially your pussy. Red, puffy and wet just the way I like it. I hope you have been a nice little bimbo and not had any orgasms." She said as she started rubbing my pussy wantonly.
Fuck that felt so good. My mind was clouded by dirty thoughts and could no longer think straight. I moaned loudly hypnotized under her influence. She broke the reverie by slapping my cunt twice. "I will take that as a yes. Good to see you following commands like the dirty little lesbian slut you are." She said and turned around walking towards the door. "Get dressed and get in the car."
I picked up my dress and put it on quickly. Locking the door behind me, I walked towards her car. We drove silently to the club. She was right, Meow mix is my favorite club. I knew it had private halls behind the main club area that were used for private parties. I expected that to be the party location. Soon enough we arrived at the club. It was fairly deserted as expected since it was half past five on a weekday.
Once the car was parked, Carrie broke her silence. "I am very happy with you slut. You have finally accepted who you are and what you want. Remember that, never let anyone make you feel guilty for what you truly desire. I know it's been difficult for you but I have done this all for you. I love you, E. I know I haven't said it enough times but I do. No matter what happens tonight remember that." She said as she grabbed my face and pulled me in for a tender kiss.
Her sudden display of affection surprised me but I was still determined to get out of her hold tonight. She may be right, I may enjoy being dominated and humiliated but I love my girlfriend more.
"I know." I replied. One last time she smiled at me before she returned to her bitch mode.
"Inside a girl will help you get ready. You are to follow her instructions like you do mine. She will be your mistress for the rest of the night. So behave." I nodded in reply. Who could it be?
"Now get out, she will be waiting for you at the back of the club." That's all she said before she drove off.
Dressed in a sundress and heels and nothing more, I walked to the back of the building. Once there, I waited. But I didn't have to wait for too long. "Well Hello Kirstin, or should I say Miss Eva?" I recognize that voice. It was Amanda. I turned around and confirmed my suspicion, it was indeed her, the head cheerleader. Not long ago she humiliated me in front of the entire school. I was dressed as a student so none of the students recognized me but Amanda had somehow.
"What?! Surprised to see me. I knew it was you yesterday, dressed like a whore. Who do you think sent me yesterday?" she revealed. Of course Carrie was involved in my humiliation yesterday. That bitch never seemed to run out of ways to humiliate me.
"Yes, it was Carrie. We are very good friend, she and I. That's why she trusted me with her submissive little mindless bimbo." She laughed evilly. God I hate her now. She had caused me so much embarrassment yesterday and now one more person from the school knew my dirty secret. The biggest problem was that this person was a student, not one of mine but still a student.
"I am going to have so much fun with you, little slut." She started walking towards me. She towered me by four inches despite me wearing heels. I felt scared as she pulled me towards her face, "You are going to be an obedient whore, aren't you?" she said with her mouth only an inch away from mine. I couldn't take my eyes off her lips, how succulent and kissable they seemed. "Yes." I replied, there was something hypnotic about her. Something that made me want to follow her every instructions or maybe it was just me. Maybe it was in my nature to be an obedient submissive whore.
"Good, now come on in. We got lots to do before the party starts." She unlocked the backdoor to the club and went inside. I followed behind her. She walked as if she had been here several times. I wondered if she had as I followed behind her silently. She unlocked another room with a key, and as we entered she bolted the room.
"Strip, Kirstin." That's all she said.
Not bothering to argue, I pulled the sundress off quickly and handed it to her. I started to remove the heels but she stopped me. "Get on all fours, head straight and raise your ass." She instructed further.
I did as I was told, and felt her fingers trace all the way from my neck to my ass. She circled a finger around my asshole few times before she said, "What's the biggest thing you have had in there?" I was embarrassed being talked to like that by a student, but I couldn't do anything about it. "A small butt plug, an inch wide I think." I replied humiliated at admitting to anal play in front of her.
"Hm... You are lying. That is far too loose a hole to have had only a small butt plug." She replied. She started spanking me hard and continued, "Now tell the truth, what's the biggest thing you have ever had in there?"
"My girlfriend did use a two inch wide dildo on me once, mistress." I replied wanting her spankings to stop. "What did she do with the dildo? I want to hear you say it." She persisted as I felt her spit on my asshole and push a finger inside. It went in without much resistance, and I heard her chuckle at this.
"She used that big dildo to fuck my slutty loose asshole." What?! Where was all this filth coming from? What was happening to me, why was I acting like such a whore? "Did she fuck your slutty loose asshole only once, or were you lying once again slut?" she asked sarcastically already knowing the answer to her question.
"She fucked me with it repeatedly." I moaned as I felt her push a second finger into my asshole. She pushed the fingers in and out before pulling them out completely and bringing them near my mouth. "Lick it, taste your dirty asshole on my fingers."
Her anal stimulation had turned me on, and I was overcome with lust and wasn't thinking straight. I licked my anal juices coated on her finger greedily as she smiled amused at my sluttiness.
"Who could have guessed it, teach? Who could have known what a dirty little whore you are? I am so glad Carrie brought out the inner whore in you, it's going to be a very fun final year for me playing with you." She said as she slapped me hard.
"As anally trained as you are, I am still going to have to work on your anal skills." She said as she pulled out a largest anal plug I had ever seen from her purse. Does everyone carry stuff like that in their bag?
"Suck on it, as it is the only lubrication I am going to use." She said and unceremoniously pushed it inside my mouth. Like a good slut, I licked the plug in hopes to avoid pain. I hope she was not serious about using saliva as the only lubrication. She pulled it out after a few minutes and walked around me.
Pushing my head down and pulling my ass further up, she used her hands to further part my legs. "Wow that is quite the view, Kirstin. I am almost tempted." She said as I felt her breath close to my asshole. "God, you smell so nice."
She spat right at my asshole and then rubbed it evenly around it. Then I felt her push the tip of the plug inside, slowly and gently. She didn't force it like I thought she would and it slowly slipped inside with relative ease. It was tapered, so the width kept on increasing. Amanda took her time pushing the monster inside of me, until the widest part was inside. Then with a pop it went in completely. I could feel the base of the butt plug on my asshole. It was the biggest plug I had ever had inside of me. Though it didn't hurt much while it went inside, it was very uncomfortable and made me feel fuller than ever before.
"I can't believe you took it all inside in one go. Good slut." She said and spanked my ass to show her appreciation. Oddly I felt proud at the moment, god what was wrong with me?
"Stand up and walk around, get used to it. You are going to have it inside you for the rest of the evening." She said. I stood up, it took a couple of minutes for me to adjust to this sensation of being so full. Walking around was a pain in the ass literally. But I managed somehow since I had no choice.
"Those nipple rings look nice but I don't think they look trashy enough." She said thoughtfully before pulling out the most humiliating ornament I was going to wear tonight from her bag. It was a pair of nipple ring that had the words "lesbian whore" dangling from the chain attached to it. Needless to say, Amanda forced me to wear them and they made me feel trashier than ever before. The weight of the chain caused a constant pull on my nipples which further increased my arousal.
With jewelry out of the way, Amanda continued my transformation. Next she dyed my short curled hair with the help of temporary colors. She dyed it a shade of purple and blue to make me look as trashy as possible. Once done with that, she applied makeup. Everything was used in excess to amplify role as slut which seemed to be the main objective of this makeover.
When she was finally done, I looked at my naked form in the mirror and couldn't recognize myself. No one could have guessed in a million years that the girl in the mirror was actually a teacher, she looked more like a trashy stripper. "I look like a stripper." I said looking dumbly at Amanda.
"That's what we are going for." That's all she said. "Just relax now, and wait. You have a long night ahead of you."
"OK." I replied and sat down on the floor of the room Indian style. I felt the butt plug push in deeper if it was at all possible. "If you don't mind me asking, what exactly am I going to be doing at the party?" I enquire genuinely curious what was it that everyone was so excited about?
"You are going to entertain a select group of friends of Carries." She replied. "How?" I asked.
She gave me an annoyed look, but answered me any way. "From the way you look right now, I am guessing a strip show will be a part of it. Just imagine yourself dancing and stripping for people you see every day at school. What will you feel when you see them again the next day, knowing that they have seen you naked doing inexplicable things to them." I'd rather not.
"Carrie said the people at the party will not know who I am, but in my current form people will recognize me." I was genuinely concerned about protecting my identity, hoping to not involve any more people from school into this. "You will be wearing a mask. Now shut up." She said annoyed.
"You don't have to do this Amanda, just help me out of this situation. I swear I will make it worth your while." I said attempting to change her mind.
"Why would I want to do that? Do you realize how great of a position I am in? I am total control of another person, a shameless dumb bimbo who happens to be a teacher at my school. I am going to have the time of my life slut and it's going to be at your expense. Like I said before, I am going to enjoy making your life miserable you mindless bimbo."
After this it was clear to me that Amanda was not going to make things easier for me, let alone help me get out of this situation. I just hoped that Kirstin and Jo will do their part. A few more hours of this degradation and then I will be free.
We spent the better part of the next hour just sitting in silence. I caught Amanda staring at my private parts, not so private at the moment, several times. She didn't bother to hide the fact that she was clearly checking me out.
"You really get off on this shit, don't you?" I assumed this was a rhetorical question and didn't bother answering. "You do you dirty whore. Carrie was so right about you. She cares for you and that stops her from fully taking advantage of you. If I was in her place, I would have made you service half your students by now." I thanked the gods that she wasn't the one in control.
Just then her phone rang. She went outside the room to answer it. After a few minutes she came back and said, "They are coming in a few minutes, so its show time. Let's get you dressed for the strip show."
She handed me a bra and thong to wear. Though calling it a bra would be ridiculous as it hardly covered my nipples, it was actually just an inch wide piece of fabric attached to strings. The thong was even more ridiculous as it was just a piece of string both at the back and front. I wore them anyways, happy to finally wear some undergarments.
Next she gave me a bustier and matching shorts to complete the outfit. The bustier created the illusion of fuller breasts on me while the shorts was just to cover the ridiculous thong. Once dressed I glanced at my reflection in the mirror and was surprised by how hot I looked.
"Hm... Those heels don't look trashy enough, try these on." She said as she threw a pair of black stripper boots at me. They were the kind with the high heels but ended just an inch above my ankle, exposing more of my legs.
"You are ready now, Kirstin. How does it feel?" she asked looking proud of her handiwork.
"Stop calling me Kirstin. I am Eva. You can call me a slut, whore, bimbo or anything but not Kirstin." I yelled angrily.
*slap*
That was unexpected as she glared at me with an angry look on her face, "Don't you talk to me like that, you dumb whore. I will call you whatever I want." I had been spanked, spitted on and anally fucked by this girl but being slapped in the face seemed like the ultimate humiliation. I swear I was about to cry, but didn't want to give her the satisfaction of breaking me.
Our conversation was interrupted by the opening of door as Carrie walked in. She looked amazing, dressed in a short black party dress. She looked a total knockout, I could now see what originally drove me into her arms.
"WOW. You did an amazing job, Amanda. Thank you so much, now leave us alone I need to talk to her." Carrie said.
"But..."
"Just leave the room and join the others." It was good to see Carrie treat her like this. I felt happy, it's these little victories that count. Stomping her feet like the little brat she is, Amanda left the room. Carrie bolted the door behind her and turned towards me.
She surprised me as she leapt towards me and kissed me, ruining the lipstick. I kissed her back almost as hungrily. I was very horny having not cum in almost a day. She broke the kiss and said, "God you look so hot. I just couldn't control myself." She replied.
"You look very hot too, mistress." I replied.
"I know. Now there are five people from school waiting inside the next room. They are waiting for the stripper performance of a lifetime and I hope you will not disappoint. Jo will be joining us later, she had something to do. So in total there will be six including me. After the strip show once you are fully naked, you are to do whatever anyone tells you to do. If someone wants you to lick their feet, their asshole or their snatch you do it, if they want to spank you, you let them, and you get the rest. Don't embarrass me in front of them, Eva. I am counting on you. This is going to be the most humiliating night of your life, and you are going to love every second of it."
She pulled me in for another kiss, before she handed me a mask. "Wear this, though I don't think anyone will recognize you this way either. Join us in the room after five minutes." She looked at me one last time before she left the room.
The mask was a red black masquerade mask that matched my outfit. It had an elastic band that I secured firmly behind my head. It did hide my face well enough to make me unrecognizable, unless someone knew it was me under the mask.
I still had a couple of minutes before I had to go, so I checked my phone. There was a message from Jo saying that she had successfully deleted the pics from Carries laptop and had left for the club. I deleted the message after reading it. You can never be too careful. There was no update from Kirstin, which concerned me but I knew I can count on her.
After one last look in the mirror, I left the room. The corridor was dark and silent except for the giggling sound coming from the next room. That's where I had to go, I could hear at least three voices I didn't recognize. The clacking sound of my heels filled the corridor as I finally reached my destination. Suddenly I felt my feet freeze in my position, I didn't know what to do. So I knocked.
"A stripper with manners, that's a first. Come on in." I heard Amanda speak out. I opened the door and stepped inside. The room had a stripper pole in the center around which there was a raised platform. Five women sat around the platform in their chair. The sound of light music filled the room and there was very dim lighting.
I quickly scanned the room to see who all were there. Except for Carrie and Amanda there were three other women, two of which were fellow teachers, Stacy and Jackie. Both were older than me and I considered them my teaching idols. This keeps on getting worse by the second. The fifth women was Amy from the clothing store Jo took me to.
They cheered as I walked inside. Getting straight to business I climbed up the platform and swirled around the pole a couple of times giving a seductive look to all the women. I was surprised how the presence of a student didn't seem to at all bother the three other teachers in the room.
"So, what should we call you?" Asked Jackie leaning forward to stare my ass. If this was going to be my last night submitting to Carrie, I'll go out with a bang. "You can call me whatever you want, hot stuff." I replied in a deep husky voice trying to sound as sexy as possible while hiding my true identity.
"What if we decide to call you a slut?" said Amanda. "Then I'll be a slut for you, kid." I replied in a condescending manner. Amanda did nothing but sit back and cross her arms. I am going to enjoy this much more than I originally thought.
"How about we call you, Eva. She is a fellow teacher. You kind of look like her, she couldn't make it tonight. But we can imagine you to be her." said Carrie as she smirked. The mere mention of my name was alarming and it threw me completely off my game as my hand slipped from the pole and I fell on my knees.
I stood up embarrassed and gave Carrie my dirtiest look, "Is she someone you would like to see like this?" I said. Both Jackie and Stacy were giggling while Amy and Amanda both had knowing smirk on their face.
"I think we all would, she is kind of a dirty little slut just like you." She replied. "Then I am Eva for the night." I grabbed the pole firmly as I wrapped my leg around the pole. Seductively I gyrated my ass and moved my hands all over my body. I continued the same for a few minutes before I pulled the buttons of my bustier and tore it off in one quick motion. I removed the torn bustier and threw it away from the platform. Everyone in the room cheered as they saw the dangling chain with the words "lesbian whore" attached to it. I danced for one more minute before I bend forward and slowly removed my sparkly shorts. As I pulled the shorts down I revealed the thong I was wearing. This caused a huge holler from Amy and Stacy who were directly facing my ass.
"OMG, Eva is that a butt plug?" asked Jackie. "Yes." I replied as I shook my ass still bent over. "I like the way it makes me feel."
"What a slut." Amanda added in an attempt to humiliate me. What she didn't realize was that I was enjoying this immensely, I was, for one last time, reveling in my slutiness.
Dressed only in the matching thong and 'bra', I jiggled my tiny breast. Folding my arms together to enhance my cleavage, I pressed it against the pole and danced to the music in the most strippery manner I could. I hoped they were enjoying themselves, guessing by their cheers they were.
Encouraged from the reactions I was receiving I decided to turn things up a notch. Grabbing the pole by both hands I leaned back and started grinding my crotch against the pole. This brought a smile to Carries face, and so I continued in the same manner. I felt incredibly dirty, as I could feel my wetness soak the tiny string of the thong and also coat the pole.
The second song was about to be over so I decided it was time for me to strip completely. Grabbing the string of the 'bra' I tugged it and it fell to the platform. Next with my ass facing Amanda and Carrie, I laid on my back and raised my legs held together in the air. I grabbed the waistband of my thong and pulled it removing the thong. As the thong went over my legs I spread them exposing my wet snatch to all. I was completely exposed now displaying the slut rings in my nipples, and the butt plug. I could feel every eye in the room focused on me, awaiting my next action.
I didn't want to disappoint, so I stepped down the platform and walked to Carrie. It was time for her personal lap dance. Turning my back to her I bend forward presenting my ass to her. With my right hand between my legs I ran a finger from my butt plug filled asshole to my pussy, fuck I was soaking wet. Turning my head to face her while still bend over, I gave her my dirtiest look as I brought my wet finger to my mouth and licked it. This caused a huge roar of cheer from the rest of the women. I wanted to give Carrie the best show she was ever going to get.
Next I sat on the floor on my ass facing her, I spread my legs as far as I could exposing my cunt in the most lewd manner possible. Bending forward with my legs still spread I moved my head towards my crotch. Grabbing her thighs with my hands I spread her legs and buried my face into her crotch. This caused Carrie to moan loudly. Encouraged by her reaction I got up and started humping her thigh. I made loud sex noise as I humped her wildly. I turned my head to look at Amanda, while I gave Carrie the dirtiest lap dance she could imagine.
Leaving her lap I moved away from Carrie while I continued to dance in a provocative manner. I smiled at her one more time, before climbed over her lap and started gyrating my ass once more grinding as hard as I could. All the while I continued to moan. This caused Carrie to moan loudly and she moved her hands to grab my waist and pull me in towards her.
"Oh god, Eva. I'm close." She moaned into my ear. Hearing her call out my name with the rest of the women still in room, made me feel liberated. But I wasn't going to let her cum. I pushed her away just when I knew she was almost there, and danced my way to Jackie who was sitting opposite Carrie.
With my legs on either side of Jackie's hips I grinded, thrashing and turning wildly. I grabbed her face and buried it in my cleavage. I felt her lick my nipple and threw my head back in pure ecstasy. "You smell so good." She moaned while she devoured my breast. I grabbed her face and pulled her in for a long sensual kiss before I moved on to Stacy. Stacy was ten years older than me but was still quite the looker. She was married and had a little boy. She was what you could call a MILF. Her expression said it all as I walked towards her swaying my hips.
She was scared as she said, "No, I'm good. You can skip me."
"Why would I?" I replied grabbing her thighs. I spread them apart and proceeded to rub my ass against her crotch. She was wearing a pant suit but I could feel her arousal through it. She was shivering as I whispered into her ear, "No need to be scared. I am sure you are enjoying this as much as me."
She closed her eyes as her mouth opened, she was having an orgasm! What a sneaky slut! I smiled as I climbed off of her and made my way to Amy. Amy was relaxed and had a knowing smile across her face. She knew who I was and had seen me in all my naked glory before. I smiled right back at her, and repeated my routine.
Amy was much more active in her fondling than the rest, she groped, tweaked and twisted my nipples and her hands roamed all over my body. As I humped her I felt her hand slip between my legs. Her fingers moved around in a circle over my snatch and I could feel my arousal escalating.
"Our Eva here, is a dirty little slut. She is so wet. Why does this turn you on, slut?" she spoke loudly enough for everyone to hear. "Because I am dirty lesbian whore." I replied not caring what kind of filth left my mouth. "Good slut." Amy said. She spanked me before I walked over to Amanda.
I wasn't looking forward to servicing Amanda one bit. She was a student and out of all the women in the room I knew for a fact that she wanted to humiliate me the most. Since I had no other option, I decided to get it over with as quickly as possible. I climbed over her lap with my feet on either side of her, started gyrating my ass. I wasn't thrilled about giving her a lap dance, and I guess she noticed it. She grabbed my neck and forced me to look her in the eye.
"You can do better than that Eva, can't you?" She gave me a smug look before she slapped me in the face. This caused both Jackie and Stacy to gasp. The others stayed quite, with Carrie looking amused. "Now do it like a real whore would."
She wanted me to act like a real whore, I would give her a real whore. Immediately I shifted gears, as I turned around in her lap and pushed my ass against her body. I slowly started to raise my ass till it was near her mouth. Climbing off her lap, I put one foot on the floor and raised the other as high as possible with my crotch centimeters away from her face. I was stretching my body as far as I could. I rested my raised leg on her shoulder and teased her by rubbing my cunt against her.
"Is that slutty enough for you?" I asked now giving her a smug look of my own. I already knew the answer. "Yes. Now get that pussy off of me, I can smell it from here." She said pushing me. I fell on my ass, and Carrie immediately got up to help me. Once again Amanda had successfully humiliated me.
Grabbing me by the waist, Carrie pulled me up the platform. "We can all agree that Eva right here, gave us an amazing show. She deserves a break." She announced. "Take a five minute break, freshen yourself and comeback. The night is far from over." She addressed me.
Still naked I walked out of the room as quickly as I could, and went straight into the makeup room. Once inside I bolted the door and took a deep breathe. What the fuck was I doing? Why was I suddenly enjoying this degrading behavior like a slut? Control yourself Eva. Don't let them do this to you.
Things hadn't gotten out of hand too much up until now. I was slightly confused as to what was it that had Jo so scared. I grabbed my phone and checked for any further updates. There was finally one from Kirstin, it said that she couldn't find the photos in Carries work computer so she formatted the entire hard drive. She had left the office and was headed home now. I deleted the message and sat down to relax. Both Jo and Kirstin had actually succeeded. Now all that was left was Carries phone.
I looked at myself in the mirror, my mask was still in place and makeup was not too smudged. I reapplied some makeup, before I left the room. I didn't bother knocking this time and simple barged into the room.
Jo was back and she smiled at me brightly. She was sitting between Amanda and Carrie. All the conversation died when I climbed up to the platform. "What else do you guys want to do? I am yours for the night." I announced in my husky voice.
"What can we do?" Enquired Amy. I had decided to mellow things down as I didn't want to be too caught up in the moment again. So I stayed quite, pretending to think. "Anything you can think of." Replied Carrie for me. "Eva here has no limits."
"I have something in mind." She said before getting up and climbing up the platform. She was holding something in her hand. Before I realized what was happening Carrie had handcuffed my hands behind my back through the pole. I tried to move but was unsuccessful. I gave Carrie a hopeful look but she ignored it. "Back straight, legs spread and open your mouth." I did as I was told and was rewarded with a ball gag in my mouth. Once secured firmly, Carrie motioned for Jo to hand her something.
It was a blindfold that was put over my mask as darkness surrounded my eyes. I was once more in the familiar position I had been in yesterday. Handcuffed, ball gagged and blindfolded I was completely helpless at the mercy of these women. So much for mellowing things down, I have to get out of this. I tried to yell through the gag but all that came out was muffled incoherent voice.
Once I realized it was useless to struggle, I gave up and left things to my fate. Soon I could feel multiple hands groping me all over my body. My breasts and ass both were being mauled by multiple hands. One hand went straight between my legs and started rubbing my clit. I was very aroused from my earlier performance and the added stimulation had only caused it to intensify.
I was humping against the hand in an attempt to make better contact. I heard some giggling at my actions. I was feeling very humiliated but the need to cum was too much. There were two hands on each of my breast, one twisting my nipple while the other groped my breast. There were three or more hands on my ass groping it as well as playing with my butt plug filled asshole. Then there was the hand at my pussy that was rubbing my clit in a frantic manner.
I was experiencing a sensory overload as I started shivering. I was scared by the build up to this orgasm alone and that was preventing me from tipping over the edge. Before I could overcome my fear and cum, I felt the sting of slaps all over my body, my nipples were the first to be hit. I screamed in pain but nothing came out. My ass was the next to be slapped followed by me pussy which subsided my arousal a bit.
"You are not going to cum, till you have made all of us cum at least three times." I heard Amanda say as she slapped my face. "Nod your head if you understand." I nodded. Under the influence of my impending orgasm I suddenly felt very submissive. I was willing to do anything to cum.
Handcuffs were taken off and I was forced on all fours. "You know the drill slut, ass high and face forward." Once in the position I could feel the butt plug being pulled out slowly. Air gushed into my gaping hole while caused me to shiver. "Wow that's big." I heard Jackie say. Hearing my teaching idol talk about my gaping asshole in such a crude manner was extremely humiliating. I swear my face was red from shame.
Someone then removed the ball gag. As soon as it was gone a pussy took its place in my mouth. It tasted sweet but had a hint of saltiness to it. I had definitely not tasted it before. Focus Eva! Get her off quickly so you can have your own orgasm.
I started devouring the pussy using all the tricks I knew from experience. I was rewarded with a laugh as she forced my face deeper into her pussy. "God, she's so good." It was Jackie. Oh my God!
I continued my efforts and soon Jackie had an orgasm as she shivered and her grip loosened. She was then replaced by another pussy, another unknown. With the help of my tongue I felt for her clit and as soon as I found it, I attacked it. This resulted in a yelp, which helped me recognize that this was Amy.
I doubled my efforts kissing and licking her pussy. It took me a while but Amy came violently. She was then replaced by Amanda who I recognized immediately from the way she grabbed my hair and pushed my nose inside her gash. "Lick my dirty cunt, Eva. Make me cum and maybe we will allow you to cum after that." She said as she continued to hold my hair and push me in. In an attempt to get her off quickly so I wouldn't have to experience this degradation for long I licked her pussy with a renewed vigor.
She came within a minute as she rubbed my face in her wet pussy coating my entire face. Before I knew it there was another pussy in front of me to service. My tongue was tired by now and in a slow leisure manner I continued my efforts. This was a particularly musky pussy. It had an aura of sexiness to it that made me immediately addicted to it. It wasn't Carries as I had tasted her earlier, this was different. That left Jo and Stacy. Whoever it was, was very silent during the entire process. I took my time with this one, as I was enjoying it immensely and I also wanted to pace myself better. I had a lot of pussy to lick.
Whoever it was had an explosive orgasm as she squirted all over me before she fell to her knees. She was replaced once again by the next woman. It was Carrie. Finally.
Fuck pacing myself, I am going to give her the best orgasm of her life. I had not yet used my hands on any of the women but Carrie deserved special attention. I used my fingers to rub her clit as I performed a tongue tornado on her pussy. She was cumming within a matter of seconds as she screamed very loudly.
"That was amazing." She said, before she leaned in to kiss me. It must have surprised the others but she didn't care. Neither did I. Soon enough I was licking the last pussy. Surprisingly she was tasteless. In my vast experience of licking pussies I have never come across a woman that had no taste to her pussy. Intrigued I continued to lick and soon as her pussy moistened she started tasting like bubblegum. That reminded me of Kirstin, her pussy tasted like bubblegum. But this one was different, it had much larger lips and a more swollen clit. Soon enough the last woman had her orgasm. She screamed loudly as she held my face buried deep in her crotch.
Just when I thought it was over my blindfold was removed, and I was greeted with the bright face of Jo. So Stacy was the squirter. I was pleasantly surprised at how good she tasted. She was hell of a woman. Her husband was a lucky man.
I then saw that the women were already lining up for round two. And so the cycle continued as I made each woman cum at least three times before they finally quit. They made me service them in different ways, some asking to simply lick their pussy while the others asked for their assholes or feet to be licked. It must have been hours before I was finished. The second and third round took a lot more effort and by the end of it I was so tired that I could hardly feel my tongue. My body ached from being in the same position for hours. There was utter silence in the room as I collapsed on my stomach and laid on the platform like dead weight.
Carrie ever the control freak announced, "This has been a hell of a night ladies and that's all thanks to Amanda for planning such a wonderful party and inviting such a slutty whore." Everyone laughed as I felt a pang of jealousy. I had worked my ass off for Carrie and she was thanking Amanda!
I was furious but much too tired physically to do anything about it. Carrie continued, "So as my attempt to thank her, she gets to fuck Eva so our whore can cum too." What!!
I tried to stand up but my legs wouldn't allow me to. I moved my tired eyes to focus at Carrie who handed a strap on dildo at least eight inches in length to Amanda. Everyone in the room had dressed back except for me and Amanda. With an evil grin on her face, Amanda tied the strap on. Carrie smacked her ass playfully before she said, "Go get her."
I was scared shitless, I wanted to cum but not like this. Not by being fucked by Amanda of all people. She was going to destroy my pussy. Amanda walked over to me, grabbing me by the waist she pulled my ass up. I was too tired to resist as I felt the tip of the dildo at my pussy. In one quick motion she pushed the entire thing inside of me. I couldn't even scream properly.
Rest of the women gathered around us and cheered Amanda to fuck the 'slut' hard. Everyone except Jo, who I saw putting a hand into Carries bag and pulling out her phone. She did something on it and then quickly put it back before joining the rest of the women.
Amanda's fucking got more brutal as she increase her stroke length and frequency at the same time. How was that even possible? The entire length of the dildo moved in and out of me as I tried to scream in pain. Despite all of it, somehow I got close to cumming. Everyone Jackie, Amy, Jo, Carrie and even the shy Stacy were now cheering as I continued to receive the hardest fucking I had ever received. I turned my face to look at Carrie, she was happy. She was happy with my performance. She was proud of me. In that particular moment I felt content, not afraid of cumming any longer. I let go of my fear as my orgasm washed over. I trembled and kicked as the orgasm continued for a couple of minutes. It was the longest, most intense one I ever had.
Amanda continued to fuck me, but slowed down. I breathed a sigh of relief when she pulled out the dildo. But my relief was pre matured as I felt the tip of the dildo push against my ass. The dildo was coated with my juices which made the penetration easier but it still hurt when Amanda pushed it all in.
My post orgasm after glory was cut short by the pain caused because of the rapid fucking. I endured it somehow as I heard everyone still cheering and giggling. Amanda was laughing as she tried to make each stroke more brutal than the previous one. Finally after ten gruesome minutes of anal fucking it was over. Amanda was finally bored as she pulled the dildo out. She got dressed and left with everyone else. Only Carrie and Jo stayed behind.
"Can you get her cleaned up and take her home? I have to go home, I have an early flight tomorrow." Carrie said to Jo who nodded. "What a mess!" Carrie exclaimed one last time before she leaned in to whisper into my ears, "You did good, Eva. I am proud of you." She kissed me on the cheeks before leaving the room.
"Just take me home to Kirstin." I whispered somehow through my tired voice box. Jo simply picked me up in her arms and carried me to her car. She was so strong, I felt safe in her arms.
I was in and out of it the entire way home. Jo kept on saying, "We are almost there Eva. It's over. The photos and videos are gone." I didn't care. I had decided it long ago that no matter if our plan was successful or not I was done with all of this after tonight.
I didn't remember coming home or washing off the makeup and colored hair. I woke up in the morning with my body sore all over. I got out of the bed with great difficulty and limped my way to the kitchen. After the fucking last night I was not going to walk straight for a few days. Kirstin was there drinking coffee. She smiled at me, "You need to learn the importance of clothing." She said. I looked down and noticed that I was still naked. But the nipple rings were back.
I giggled and answered, "I didn't think you mind."
"What happened yesterday, I mean after I got home." I enquired.
"Well we, me and Jo got the slut rings off your nipples and put the simple ones back on. I think you should keep them they look good. Then we washed your makeup off and shampooed your hair. You were passed out for most of it." She replied.
"I am so sorry Kirstin, for all of this." I apologized once more. "I know." She replied.
"So it's finally all over. I think we deserve a fresh start. Let's move to a new city, get a new job." I said too tired in general.
"I agree, how about Boston?"
I quit my job at the school and Kirstin took some time off from her job. We needed the fresh start and decided to take a vacation. After the break we moved to a new city. Kirstin applied for a transfer while I took up a teaching job at another school. I did receive a lot of phone calls as well as emails from Carrie but I didn't bother answering them. Truth be told I didn't even read the emails.
Six months passed. I had put a lot of distance between me and the affair and things were finally back to normal. I and Kirstin broke up, but it was ok. I guess she never really forgave me completely. But who can blame her. She deserved far better than me anyways. I have decided to stay away from women in general for a while.
One day while I was cleaning my inbox, I came across the last email Carrie had ever sent me. I opened it, it read:
Dear Eva
I guess this is goodbye then. Like I have mentioned in my previous emails, I know you have managed to delete the photos and videos from my computer, laptop and mobile. That was pretty clever, using my own party as a distraction. But I hate to tell you that you missed the original files. I had them in my camera memory card. But I am not going to use them to blackmail you anymore. I still believe that what I made you do was what you truly desired. But if freedom is what you want, you have it. I love you Eva. I always have, I just haven't said it enough. I am going to keep the photos as a memory of the great times we had. Have a great life.
Carrie
The End
*****
This is it. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Please vote and leave comment.