How good is Tracy, in helping with my fantasies? You'll see.
For example: Lisa. I see Lisa every week, sometimes twice a week, since we sing on the praise team together. Lisa will tease me a little, and likes to be teased, or complimented, so that's fun, almost flirty at times. She's a little shy in some regards (until a few beverages are flowing) but so nice with these big, blue, innocent eyes. So of course, I had to have Tracy deal her in to our fantasy life, or at least mine.
It dawned on me what a rush it would be to have Tracy spank me in front of her. She comes across as pretty innocent in some ways, earthy in others, but I'm sure that the sight of her singing partner being stretched naked across Tracy's lap, and being spanked, would be worth seeing. I don't get that she's all about acts of this type, somewhat "out of bounds", in her life, in contrast to someone like Tracy (who relishes all such, very adventurous with her man).
So that's how we played it one night: invited Lisa over, visited and made small talk, then I left them and took a shower. When I came out, towel-wrapped, Tracy was waiting for me, with Lisa in the room as well. Both smiled that frisky smile I see on Tracy so much, and I knew what was next. Tracy was on the bed, leaning against the headboard, her lap open and waiting for me. She, and Lisa, had remained in whatever they'd been wearing, and it was going to be a nice contrast with me, in just a few minutes.
I moved the towel wrap to have the closure at the back, crawled across the bed, and positioned myself across Tracy's lap, and started to feel the heat of one of my favorite fantasies beginning to be played out. Tracy slowly loosened the towel, and moved each side; now, she had her man naked on her lap, with Lisa watching intently. It was a nice way to start...just a naked Ryan, ready for a spanking, bare assed, but not overwhelming (like a full frontal might be) to a shy beginner like Lisa.
I knew this was SO naughty, and Tracy said so. Getting spanked is a *reward* for this level of naughtiness, and she applied a very nice one. One side, the other, both sides, giving me a nice reddening. I think Lisa was both surprised by my allowing Tracy to do this, but also, by my obvious enjoyment of it. I couldn't help squirming, due to my hardening cock, and making noises that unmistakably meant I was being pleasured. What a thrill to be getting what I crave from Tracy, and in front of Lisa! Just as I thought, it would now add a certain "something" to the next time I saw her at church, knowing she'd been in my bedroom and had seen me take a naked spanking.
But as it turned out: it wasn't going to stop there. Tracy stopped spanking me, and began to smooth and comfort my inflamed cheeks. She invited Lisa to come closer, and to see how reddened I'd become. Tracy kept stroking...and then drew her finger between my cheeks a few times. My breathing became much more rapid, and intense; Tracy knows how I love anal pleasuring. Obviously, she was either teasing me, or was going to take it further with Lisa by showing her how completely I was her boy. When Tracy applied lotion, I knew: she intended to finger me in front of Lisa, too.
For a brief moment, I wasn't sure I wanted that; spanking was one thing, but revealing how much I enjoy anal play felt pretty risky. I wasn't sure Lisa would understand, but I didn't have much control at this moment, craving Tracy's touch as I did, and being naked and open to penetration. Tracy didn't really hesitate either, feeling for my rosebud right away, and describing to Lisa just what she intended to do to me as she forced her finger inside me. I moaned with pleasure, quickly forgetting any inhibitions, and heard Lisa telling Tracy how awesome this was that she could have me like this. Hearing Lisa was "into" it melted any further thoughts of my shyness about this, but they were vanishing quickly anyway since I couldn't help but respond to being taken, again, by my sexy bride.
So Lisa was going to see all of it, as it was turning out, both how much I liked spanking, but also that Tracy could have me like this, and Lisa could see how much I enjoyed it. When Tracy's having me this way, I just naturally start pushing back/forth against her, and I raised my ass higher and higher so Tracy could reach deeper inside me. I raised myself to all fours, and Tracy moved from under me to behind me. If Lisa was shy or shocked about seeing me, now fully rigid and so passionate about what was being done, she didn't act like it, and even commented to Tracy how hot this looked and that she couldn't believe she was getting to see this.
Tracy asked Lisa to put two pillows on top of each other on the other side of the bed, and to lay the towel across them. Until that point, I hadn't decided if Tracy had intended to just leave me unfinished, or milk me, or let me perform. The pillows settled it: she'd decided to let Lisa see me "perform" the act myself, as I'd shown Tracy countless times. Tracy said that she was sure that Lisa would want to see me pleasure myself, and I really needed to show her. I didn't need to be asked twice, although again, Lisa had never seen me naked, let alone engorged and ready, but one look at those big blue eyes and I had to comply.
I mounted the pillows, positioning so that my cock would be in full view, lotioned my hand, and began to show them how I make myself cum. I like to stroke my body while I do this, sometimes arching my back, on my knees with my butt supported by the pillows and putting pressure on "that spot" between my rosebud and ball sack. Both Lisa and Tracy encouraged me, telling me how hot this looked, what a really naughty boy I was being, and how much they wanted to see me coax hot cum from my body. Of course, in that moment that's just what I wanted to hear, and it was so nice just being in the heat of that moment and that scene. But I couldn't take it for long, and I asked Tracy if she really wanted me to show this to Lisa? With her, "Yes, baby!" I released, at least three good expressions onto the waiting towel, then relaxed in front of them, so very spent.
Just as I figured, seeing Lisa every week now has a certain extra something to it. She's the same as always, but Tracy's now let her see "that part" of me that belongs to her. And Lisa knows I'm a boy who likes it "like that".