South East Missouri and Pizza. Part #1 of four parts.
TITTIES BIG AND SMALL
For many years we'd drive from central Illinois to the fast moving rivers and creeks of S. E. Missouri to float down the rivers and camp in our RV. Compared to the Snake River and other rivers with dangerous rapids, these were nature's water park water slides.
We loved the Current River and a small, almost primitive campground where we could park right along the river. When not floating down stream or playing in the water, we could sit next to our RV and watch others float beyond the iron bridge. Watching bare boobies bouncing on a warm summer day was a great pastime for everyone. The cold spring water made erect nipples easier to spot from another canoe or along the riverbanks.
The normal way to enjoy the rivers was for someone to take you and a float, usually a canoe, or large inner tube, upstream and let you float to your predetermined destination. We chose this campground because the owners had a few vans that guests rode in pulling special trailers loaded with canoes. Maps showed different canoe trips, from a few hours, much of a day, even over nighters.
The added excitement of floating those rivers were all of the young topless and accidentally exposed women of all ages and shapes. Dollie wore her tiniest bikinis or a small halter top, removing it as soon as we got away from crowds and kids.
It was normal to find couples playing naked on the small islands and beaches far from where canoes and floats were put in and away from most campgrounds. No one seemed to mind even when they themselves were wearing regular swimsuits or shorts and blouses. It was hot, it was summer, they were fast moving streams surrounded by nature and clothes soon slipped or were taken off. Coolers filled with alcohol seemed to help.
For the most part much of the river banks were lined with rolling hills making it appear we were deep in the woods even if a park, campground, or small town were above the bluffs. Like where we camped when not staying at the state park, people on the river were twenty to thirty feet below and rarely paid attention to what or who was above.
I remember it being summer 1981 because we'd recently bought a nearly new 1980 Chevy Malibu to tow behind our motor home. This vacation we took advantage of the car to wander through the back woods and hills along other smaller rivers.
Too many float trips and too much sun forced us to take a long scenic drive throughout south central Missouri checking out hills, valleys, parks, and more streams. Of course, I wore nothing except a pair of short thin terry cloth shorts and Dollie the tiniest bikini she could find. We were in the car a lot or on mostly secluded trails or rivers.
The tourists we'd meet were dressed similarly or didn't mind looking at other nearly naked tourists. After days of sun, fun, and near nudity one tends to forget how little they are actually wearing. Somehow we stayed out of trouble and our bonus was usually seeing other partially clad vacationers and bare breasts.
After hours of roaming back roads and getting even more sunburned than we'd planned I slowly headed back toward town, the faded orange iron river bridge, and the campground just beyond the bridge and to the north. As we neared the very small country town I remembered the county park and campground behind the buildings just north and up the river, across from where we would camp at a privately owned public RV park. This was a typical old town with shops only along the county road and nothing behind on either side.
Since both sides of the river sit at the same height, we sometimes saw the tops and awnings of recreational vehicles among the trees on the other side from our campsite. I always wondered if it might be a better place to camp and possibly even cheaper. With nothing else to do but eat, I told my wife I was going to check and see what's up stream on the east side.
As I followed a narrow dirt lane maybe half mile, there were signs letting us know it was a County park and campground with boat ramps and canoe rentals ahead. Being midweek there was no ranger at the small gatehouse, which is normal most places off the beaten path. Dollie had pulled her tiny bikini top up and we were fairly decent, in case we met campers or security guards.
I continued past a lane on the left with a do not enter sign and continued a short drive to a second lane with an arrow pointing left. Ahead of this was a large gate with several warning signs. One said PRIVATE. Another sign said WARNING NUDEST CAMPING AHEAD and similar warnings. To say we were curious would be obvious. Since the tall chain link gate ahead was closed I followed the arrow left.
I followed the little lane that looped through the woods with RV sites cut into the forest. As the loop road ended with a left turn, it passed riverfront RV sites then made a second loop back toward the entrance. We roughly counted twenty five campsites, maybe ten with RV's parked, yet no one was around. Of course, like us, the vehicles were gone and the campers either floating the river or riding and enjoying the scenery. I was hoping to meet someone so I could ask about the nudist camp beyond.
Soon we were back on the little lane near the large chain link fenced gate. I parked off to one side. We had to see what was beyond that NUDIST CAMP gate! It was chained and padlocked but I could shove it enough to walk between the gate and a large post. I made it in easy. Dollies' tits put up a fight with the post. We shoved, squeezed, and wiggled Dollie past the gate, after she tore her tiny bikini top when it got hung up on the chain link fence wire. Figuring we were now in a nudist park and didn't need it, Dollie tossed the ripped bikini top on the ground.
After we squeezed beyond the gate we walked by a small guardhouse with more nudist warning and members only signs. This campground was identical to the first. Semi secluded private sites, each cut into the forest, yet not far from each other. Again, a few RV's without vehicles were scattered along these two loops.
This changed as we neared the end where there were five campsites right along the river. Still they were high enough above the river with a tall hedge row for extra privacy. Anyone camped there could look down into canoes, as we could from the other side, yet no one below even knew a campground was here.
The first site had an RV and a pickup truck. As we got nearer we saw a couple, perhaps mid forties, laying on chaise lounge chairs near their RV sunbathing. We are assuming they were nude. Laying in chairs with arm rests, it's possible they wore something skimpy.
There are many times and places we were naked yet people walking past really didn't see anything important. For instance, I didn't see tits and Dollie saw no cock this time. Both the man and woman waved as we waved back. At a disadvantage, us standing in the road a few hundred feet away, they saw Dollies' boobies, I'm sure.
We were soon going to discover three of the five RV sites were occupied. Site #2, near the middle, had a couple probably our ages, early forties. Both well tanned, slim, and well endowed. His penis became erect when he spotted Dollie. Mine did the same under my short shorts when I saw two large brown melons. Had this been in recent times I'd considered those boobs being surgically enhanced. But in the eighties in the Midwest it wasn't yet popular. After all Dollie's were much the same size and I knew they were real.
A brief greeting and assurance we were doing nothing wrong. Even an invitation to bring our motor home over and set up in one of the riverfront sites while they are still available. The couple shared some sort of cold drink and we spent maybe an hour talking about nude camping and watching boobies on the river. We compared our wives boobies and swapped feeling them for scientific reasons. Yep, those melons were ripe and firm, felt good to me! The more people we'd meet over the years the more normal we seemed.
I'm not sure why so soon, but we wandered on down the campground lane, ready to pass the last RV at the end of the river side sites. Apparently this next young couple, thirty something, had heard us talking to their neighbor RVers. They'd already been staring at us as they stood naked at the edge of their RV site entrance right next to the road.
They were both also well tanned and slim. His impressive erection signaled to Dollie that he noticed she was topless. I'm sure the erection in my shorts let the girl know I was happy to see her.
The young lady was petite with a sexy Coke bottle shaped body. A body and breasts shaped like an antique Greek statue. Not completely round, but with that special pointed upward shape, and large puffy nipples that aimed toward heaven, making her appear top heavy. Even with her golden tan her areolas were darker, the size and shape of chocolate cookies glued to those beautiful smooth breasts.
Damned I stared and couldn't help it! As we walked closer, Dollies' titties were quivering and I felt the head of my hard penis slip out of my short terrycloth shorts. I'd rather be naked than embarrassed like we were then. The young couple seemed amused, smiled, and greeted us with a hello and hugs.
Hugging pretty young naked gals with firm pointed titties while feeling an erection rising against their hot sweaty little body is both wonderful and embarrassing. I forgot the embarrassment as I watched that young man with his own erection shoved upward against my wife's belly and her tits being smashed against his young chest.
Dave and Sandy were soon our latest tit lovin tit sharing friends! They also invited us to their picnic table for drinks and snacks. Of course, we talked about nudity, floating down the river topless, and exhibitionism. They begged us to tell them some of our exhibitionist stories of our past. Sandy was obviously fascinated and interested in ways to show her perfect titties without getting into trouble. I told Dave that his wife has some of the most perfect boobs I've ever seen and they need to be exhibited often.
As we nibbled on junk food I mentioned we hadn't eaten since an early breakfast and were headed back to our own RV for supper. Either Dave or Sandy asked us if we like pizza and have we been to the tavern next to the iron bridge with some of the best pizza they've ever had? Before we could answer, they also told us every woman that bares her boobs while ordering gets a free drink.
"Pizza, free beer, and titties?" I'm not sure if Dollie or I screamed the loudest!
In no time it was decided that we'd have pizza and beer at the little tavern in town. Sandy told Dollie she has something sexy for her to wear since we'd told them about Dollie destroying her bikini top. Dave has a T-shirt for me. Dave said he'd drive. Sometimes things happen too fast! Other days nothing kinky happens no matter how much we've tried.
We thanked them both and explained we always carry clothing of all types when on our little road trips just in case. We'll walk to our car near the entrance gate, change, and meet at the bar. That way later we can head across the river bridge to our campsite.
At the car, Dollie and I put on decent shorts and I wore a T-shirt. Dollie decided on one of her cut down knit tube tops for easy flashing and comfort. Years ago, mostly for motorcycle trips off the beaten path, I had cut several of Dollies' full tube tops in half, some even narrower. She could wear it while in traffic then pull it down like a belt for sunbathing and flashing while riding the Harley. I love having a wife who dresses to play games.
I casually mentioned "your nipples are showing. Pull that top up some more."
Ten years since her last baby. Yet Dollie's breasts seemed to stay firm and oversized. I loved how rounded they looked in those semi transparent tube tops. With some nipple play and massaging we could even make them lactate. A bonus for lucky strangers now and then.
We met Dave and Sandy in the parking lot of the rundown looking tavern on the riverbank next to the old iron bridge. In all the years we'd camped in that area I'd never noticed the blinking beer and pizza signs. Most likely I was more worried about getting a wide RV across a narrow wood floored old iron bridge. We'd soon discover more reasons we should have stopped at that tavern, just out of view, beyond the bridge that we could see from our campsite.
Even though this was in the early eighties the town gave me the illusion of the old west. The old time tavern now served food with an outside patio in the rear, a boardwalk to a raised wooden deck on the river, parking for floats and canoes. This brought people dressed in many ways and proved to be as entertaining as sitting at the campground watching canoes filled with titties drifting by. I liked the sign NO ONE UNDER 18 admitted.
I'm picky as to where I sit in most restaurants and bars. I prefer to sit with my back against a wall. We were led to the very middle table surrounded by a dozen other tables. Half of those tables were filled with mostly couples in their twenties and thirties. I saw lots of cleavage but no exposed titties.
To make matters worse Dollie and Sandy were seated facing the front door and a half dozen men at the bar. Dave and I had our back to the bar and the front door. I turned my chair slightly, keeping an eye on those dirty old men now staring at Dollie and Sandy. The waiter knew what he was doing!
Both Dave and Sandy reminded us that any lady with her boobs exposed while ordering gets at least one free drink. Sandy didn't have to try hard. Her low cut blouse barely covered those perky breasts and a pair of the fattest long nipples I'd ever seen before.
So there sat Sandy and Dollie, at least fifty percent of their ample brown boobies already exposed. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure those heavy titties popping out of those blouses would be exposed even more when sitting or leaning over a table! One would hope these two young ladies were there to honor the bar's rules of topless ordering. With the reputation this tavern had, they'd been put on display for everyone in the joint.
We hadn't even ordered drinks yet! As the waiter stood at our table smiling, Sandy lowered her blouse below her titties letting everyone know she wasn't wearing a bra. All four of us ordered bottle beer and discussed pizza as eyes stared, giggles and gasps were heard around the room. One large deluxe pizza seemed right.
Dollie didn't move. The waiter reminded us, Dollie, that any woman showing her breasts while ordering will receive free drinks. Dollie just sat still and grinned. I could tell she was in one of her playful teasing moods. At many other places well known for flashing, without this free boob exhibition game, she'd have her tits out as we walked in the door. Seeing the look in her eyes and that devil smile, I knew she was going to tease before she'd please.
A few minutes later two waiters carried four beers, two each. Must have been heavy beer! One bottle was sat in front of me and Dave by each waiter. Then carefully each sat a bottle between Sandy and Dollies' cleavage. Dollies' boobs, for the most part, were still not fully exposed. Here came the hint again. Sandy was told her drinks this evening were on the house as both waiters stared directly at Dollies' nearly nipple showing blouse. Dollie just kept smiling.
As we sipped our beers, customers came and went. Finally, we saw several sweet young things flash their little titties briefly, as orders were made. Of course we had no idea what people across the room were saying. Obviously boobs was one topic. We began seeing other young women slipping titties out of blouses and bathing suit tops, some leaving them out. None were large, all were nicely shaped, and everyone seemed to be having a good time.
Finally our pizza was ready. We hadn't eaten since daybreak and I was so hungry I could chew on a nipple. As if I'd said that out loud, Dollie finally slipped her midi tube top down to her waist, as the waiter placed the pizza in the center of the small table. He reached between those four big bare boobies and placed a slice of pizza, one at a time, on plates, handing one to each of us. I don't believe he did it on purpose but an elbow rubbed a tittie on each side as he continued his pizza delivery.
As we finished our beers, another waiter brought four more bottles. This time he grinned, as he stared at Dollies' bare boobs, telling her all of her drinks were free tonight. Dollie thanked him as customers began bringing more beers. I spoke up, thanking everyone, making it clear that two is our limit and we already have three apiece. So even though Dave and I didn't remove our shirts we also had all of the free beer we wanted. This is something I've suffered through most of my adult life.
The waiters removed the extra full bottles of beer. In return, customers began laying dollar bills in front of Dollie and Sandy. Taking a hint, Dave and I gathered up some of the money and handed it to other topless ladies. Free money for a free show! Life was good back in the eighties!
With our pizza gone and a dizzy feeling in our heads we decided a walk and fresh air was needed. All four of us went out the back door to check out the lower deck which was also a boat dock. The porch on the back had a roof over it, tables, and several couples enjoying the fresh air and food. One young lady was topless, a slice of pizza in her hand, which reminded me that both Sandy and Dollie were outside with their titties exposed.
We continued down a wooden walk to the deck over the river where several canoes were tied and canoeists in various outfits came and went. Now we saw where some of those bikini clad diners had come from. As we leaned over the rail we also saw several extremely low wet blouses and a few topless women with men, preparing to let the current carry them downstream in canoes.
As if repaying for our view, Dollie and Sandy were complimented as they leaned over the railings, their titties swinging freely for those below to admire. For as long as an hour, we visited with other people on vacation, talked about titties and pizza, as we continued to watch floats and canoes headed south to new adventures.
As we walked up the boardwalk back toward the tavern, we followed an alternate path beside the building to the parking lot. Somewhere along the way Sandy and Dollie pulled their tops up. As we said our goodbyes we suggested they follow us across the bridge to our campsite for sodas or iced tea and to relax in the shade along the river. Sandy and Dave loved the idea and the chance to talk more about our past games.
----
I'm faced with a dilemma. This story continues but part two has nothing to do with flashing for pizza guys. Yet because of things that happened next we later returned to the pizza tavern for our biggest booby adventure ever.
MORE BIG BOOBS, LESS PIZZA is an introduction to an interesting pair of brothers, wives, and mammary glands, followed by MAMOUTH MAMMARY GLANDS IN MISSOURI.