Chapter 2:
"Have you ever done anal?"
Its been almost a week since Rakesh took me on his motorcycle, fucked me senseless, and sent me home barely dressed in one of tshirts and covered in dried cum. The past few days have been amazing but not nearly as thrilling as that night. I have stopped wearing any underwear both at home and at college. Observing my husband and daughter it was obvious that they took notice but their response seems relatively normal. I constantly fantasize about Rakesh after that night and started sending more provocative nudes to him at least a few times a day.
He once called me at midnight to meet him in the street corner which is a few buildings away from my house. I immediately left wearing my night dress which reached just below my knees. Without any delay, he stripped me naked and made me give him a blowjob right there inside his car. After shooting his seed on my face he kicked me out of his car and left. Leaving me to walk back to my house naked and covered in cum but at least no one would be up or out at this time.
The following day, I received another message from him, asking me to meet him in the street corner around the same time. Wanting to surprise him and also avoid losing any more clothes, I made the decision to arrive there completely naked. On reaching his car he asked me to get in with a smile on his face. I immediately went to work moving my mouth along his cock. I took a note that he started moving his car but didn't mind much of it. Once he was done cumming on my face he shooed me out quickly leaving. I looked around to see that I was a street away from my house and have to walk quite a bit to get there. Despite the situation, I found myself feeling exhilarated about what I was about to do, and so, after sending Rakesh a quick selfie of my slutty self, I started my 10 minute walk back home trying my best not to touch myself.
I was in the middle of my lecture when I got the text. I paused my lecture to check my messages and briefly looked at Rakesh before responding.
"I experimented once by inserting a few of my fingers but nothing more than that daddy." I feel a tingle in me everytime I call him daddy, someone who is my student and half my age.
"Ok. Wait for me at your office after class."
The message was short and direct, but it made me wet thinking about all the things he might do to me. I headed off to my office after finishing my lecture. Once inside I quickly stripped off my saree, blouse and petticoat, and knelt in front of my office naked hoping that no one else walks in apart from Rakesh. The door creaked open after 20 minutes and I was relieved to see Rakesh's face pop in.
"You seem all primed and ready to be used" he said pointing his phone camera at em video taping everything that's about to happen.
"Good slut" He bent down and grabbed my nipple making me crawl towards the couch I had in my office. He bent me over on the couch with my ass facing him and started spreading my ass cheeks to reveal my asshole.
"After today you are going to be my 3 hole slut"
I could hear him opening a bottle while I was hoisted in this position. In a few seconds I could feel a cool liquid being poured over my hole. Then slowly I felt something small entering my ass hole.
"Aah" I let out a squeek, feeling the pain from the sudden intrusion.
"Keep it down slut, you will get used to the pain. You don't want anyone checking on you looking like this after hearing the noise. And trust me you are going to be thanking me for making you do this."
I tried my best not to make any sounds and I noticed he inserted one of his finger inside. He slowly started moving it up and down and then put one more of his fingers inside. As he went with this rhythmic process I got used to the pain and started enjoying it. He went on to insert one more of his finger and continued fingering for a while before removing them. He then brought his fingers towards my face. Knowing what it meant I quickly started working my mouth and tongue around his fingers that was just in my ass seconds ago. I was surprised it didn't have any sort of foul taste, in fact it had quite a pleasant taste. I never thought I would enjoy tasting my ass.
He then proceeded to insert something else inside me after re-lubing. This object seems to be a little bigger, longer and girthier than his fingers. I noticed he was slowly inserting his cock into my ass. My ass quickly adjusted to the oncoming intruder and Rakesh did an amazing job easing me into it with his slow up and down motions. Within a few minutes his dick almost three-fourths inside me and I was enjoying every second of it. After a few thrusts he removed his cock out and I could feel my ass gape winking at him. He then inserted back in continuing the process. After a few minutes I could feel his cock completely inside me and he started thrusting me up and down more vigorously in a few seconds I could feel his cock twitching and I could feel my body shake as well. We both orgasmed almost at the same time as he finally came inside my ass. He slowly removed his cock with me still bent over as before and I could feel my cum slowly oozing out of my ass with my body shaking from the intense orgasm. He threw me over to the ground pointing his cock over to me to clean his cum. I slowly worked my mouth trying my best to clean his cock looking up at his phone camera shooting the whole ordeal.
"That was amazing slut, you got used to it pretty quickly. You are born to be an anal slut." He said as he dressed up.
"Thank you daddy, I loved having your cock in my ass. I loved every second of it and the orgasm was otherworldly."
"That's great slut, I have to leave now and I was thinking about setting up something here to remind you of today." With that he went towards my work laptop which I usually leave unlocked. I could see him transferring something from his phone to my laptop but wasn't sure what exactly he was doing in it.
"I want you to leave that wallpaper as it is for a week. Also I'm taking your blouse and petticoat with me." He said as he picked up my clothes leaving me with only my saree to cover me.
Once again I was left naked and covered in cum with a smile on my face. I laid there for a few minutes to recover from my orgasm before getting up only to notice he had left my door wide open. I quickly went over to close it hoping that no one saw me in this vulgar state.
I went over my laptop naked curious as to what he had done to my laptop. I was completely taken aback looking at the homescreen wallpaper he had set in my work laptop. It was a picture of me taken a few minutes back with me bent over, my ass facing towards the camera with my hands spreading my ass cheeks. It was a clear picture of my gaping asshole with his cock in the background. Atleast my face isn't in it so I can say its not me if caught but why would a professor in her mid 40s have such a wallpaper in her work laptop and he wanted me to have it for a week! My lecture slides are on this and I will have to try my best to hide my wallpaper as much as possible with the presentations.
Trying not to stress too much over it I went over to my clothes trying to get dressed. Just I was picking up I got a devious idea. I picked up my phone still feeling his cum slowly dripping along my ass planning on taking a daring photo. It was still early in the evening and the college building still has quite a number of people here. I should be quick and careful not to caught. With that I left my office naked scouting around to make sure noone is there and took a few steps away from my office. I looked around the hallway and thought it was a perfect shot and took a selfie with me smiling. Happy with my picture I immediately sent it to him saying "Loved the wallpaper daddy, looking forward to more anal with you!!" before heading back to my office.
I tried my absolute best to dress up draping only a saree. I managed to cover my body fairly well but if someone looks they can see that i'm not wearing a blouse or bra and also make out the clear shape of my erect nipples which are pointing out. Left with no other option I called up teaching assistant to take over the rest of my classes for the day and left my office. As I headed towards my car I passed along a few students and security people who definitely noticed my undress. Not worrying too much about it, I got in my car and headed home.
On my way, I noticed a small grocery store and remembered I had to get a few things for dinner. Being the horny exhibitionist slut I am, I decided to get it now dressed as I am. I parked my car and saw there were only 3 or 4 people in the store. I quickly got out of the car headed to the store. I could notice the people shopping glance at me from time to time as I shopped for all the items I needed. As I was heading towards the billing counter I saw something I really had to get. There were some cucumbers there and I chose a phallus shaped one and headed towards the billing counter. As the cashier, a young guy in his twenties, was billing I couldn't help but notice his gaze fixed on my chest, with my nipples poking out of my saree. I wanted to give this cashier a show, who definitely seemed bored of his work, so I slowly adjusted my saree so that one of my boobs pop out, giving him an unobstructed view. He looked at me and I gave him a smile as I paid and collected my things with him staring at my boobs the whole time. Exiting the store, I made my way to my car and left home, with no one else in the store having any idea what just happened.
It was around 830 pm the same day and I was having dinner at the dining table with my family when I received a notification.
"Hey slut, what are you upto?"
"Hello daddy, your slut is having dinner right now."
"Your useless husband and daughter are around I assume"
"Yes daddy"
"Okay. Your oral and anal skills need some work, I want you to practice on it tonight. Pick something from your house that you can use record yourself fucking it and send me by midnight." Reading the message I put my phone down with a smile filled with lust knowing exactly what I'm going to use for the oral and anal onslaught.
With everyone gone to bed I quickly left to the living room setting my phone camera on the floor and retrieving the cucumber I purchased to record the vulgar act. I turned on the camera and slowly stripped naked hoping no one in the house got any late night cravings.
I took the vegetable, wrapped it with a condom and slowly started working my mouth around it as sensually as possible. I started slowly moving my mouth along it, taking in as much as I can before vigorously moving up and down the phallus shaped object. Satisfied with my oral performance and also making sure it was lubed enough from my saliva I pointed the object towards my anal entrance.
Holding my breath I slowly tried easing it into my body and I was actually quite surprised how well I was taking. I continued the slow movement for a few minutes seeing I was able to take around 8 inches of the anal intruder. With that I started increasing the speed of the motions aiming at reaching an orgasm. Oh god it felt so good. Within a few moments I was able to hit an amazing orgasm plopping the object out of my ass.
I lied on the floor for a few seconds recovering from my orgasm before heading on to my phone to see my captured violation. It actually turned out quite well. Happy with my performance I immediately sent it to daddy. I cleaned everything up, disposing the vegetable still naked while waiting for his reply. I received a notification in a few minutes.
"That was some great work slut, proud of you. I already uploaded our evening meetup to the online file system with your other antics and will upload this one soon. You can check it out later if you want. Also one more thing I will be traveling for a week so we won't be meeting for a few days."
"Thank you daddy, I'm so happy I can make you proud. I'm going to miss you very much next week."
"Why don't we do something to keep you occupied till then. Everyday from tomorrow I want you to practice your oral and anal skills. You better get real fucking good at it when I return. Of course you will be videotaping everything and sending it to me before midnight each day. To help you with it I want you to get a dildo and butt plug from this website. Also I want you to send me a completely naked picture of you in a different public setting each day. This should keep you occupied. You better send something that impresses me, slut. I'm sure you are going to have a hard time controlling yourself from fantasizing and drooling over my dick, slut."
That was quite a bit. I'm going to have a very interesting week. I quickly dressed up and headed to bed disappointed that I won't be seeing Rakesh the next week.