It was a lazy Saturday for Susie and me. Her parents were out of town and her sisters were over at their friend 's house. We were watching TV and drinking Bloody Mary's.
Susie was dressed in her "casual sexy" look, which meant she was pretending to try to not look sexy, but she certainly did. She was bra-less, wearing a white half t-shirt (more like 1/3rd t-shirt) and jean cut-off shorts. I'm proud to say did the "tailoring" work on both the t-shirt and her shorts. The t-shirt was thin and cut right below her boobs. While the shorts were cut well above her ass cheeks and in the front, the cuts came very close to her pussy. The sides were slit up to about 1 inch from the waist. The legs of the shorts were loose and short enough to provide plenty of panty and pussy views whether she was standing, walking or sitting down.
Susie has a great body. She is 5'2", 105 pounds with a nice 34 inch chest with round, perky boobs and a fantastic ass. And, she loves to tease guys and to show-off her body. I proudly call her the world's best dick-teaser. She loves to push her dick-teasing to the extreme and to get guys to the edge of excitement. My job as her boyfriend is not to let her dick-teasing go too far. I not always that successful.
We were on our second Bloody when I looked at Susie's shorts and said, "Hey, you have a hole right there. I can see your pink panties." I pointed to the hole which was very close to her zipper. The hole was about an inch in diameter so I said, "It's big enough for my finger." I stuck my finger through the hole onto her panties and began rubbing her pussy. "Oh, are these your silk ones?" Then I put two fingers through the hole. Of course, this also made the hole a little bigger.
Susie looked and jokingly said, "The hole is pretty small, about the same size as your cock. I'd fix the hole, but I'd have to take these shorts off and you wouldn't be able to stay soft for long if I did. It would be too hard for you to take. And yes, these are silk, my boyfriends asked me to wear them for their crazy games."
She liked teasing me about her "boyfriends" and what they made her do. It was all made up (well, I think) and always got her (and me) turned-on. I said, "What do you mean, crazy games?"
Susie went on. "We play a game called whose dick is the hardest? First, they make me strip down to my panties. Then I usually dance around and sit on their lap. They each would have a minute or so to put me in whatever position they wanted so they could rub their cock on my panties. Then I had to feel their cocks to see which one was the hardest."
I asked, "Well, what did the winner get?"
"He got a kiss from me."
I said, "That's not that bad, just a kiss?"
Susie giggled and said, "Well ... I got to kiss and a ... maybe suck a little... the head of his cock ... which wasn't bad. Until all the guys would start cheering."
I said, "Wait, what happened?"
Susie went on, "I would be kissing and licking the guy's cock head because, after all, he deserved to be treated well, he was the winner. Then the other guys would start cheering me on, which only made me feel sexier and even more horny. Some guys would put their hands on me, you know, stealing a feel of my tits or my ass and maybe some would finger me a little."
I had to ask, "Ok, so what would happen then."
"Well, like I said, I would get pretty fucking hot with hands and dicks all over me. So, I'd kind of wave the other guys over. I'd start to rub my pussy a little and then ... well, they'd take over. Sometimes they would just rip my panties off me, that was really amazing. They would finger me, eat me, you name it."
I was definitely turned-on, and so was Susie. I wanted to hear more, but we were running out of vodka. We decided to get some more.
As we were leaving the house, I said to Susie, "You know, you'd look better if you would unbutton your jeans and lowered your zipper a little. I see a lot of girls doing that. It's kind of cute."
Susie walked to the door and unbuttoned her shorts and lowered her zipper. Then to make it even better, she lowered her shorts a couple of inches and said, "Is this cute enough?" And she walked out to the car laughing.
On the way to the grocery store, I tried to calm Susie down (haha!). I asked her which bra she was wearing, pretending that I didn't know she was bra-less. Of course, it was easy to tell, her perky nipples were hard and the outlines of her nipples could be seen thru the thin white t-shirt. She made up a lie, saying she was wearing one of her old ones. I said, "Are you sure? I think I can sort of see your nipples thru that t-shirt, you better be careful around the colder parts of the store."
Susie said, "Why, do you get jealous if other guys can see my nipples? Ahhhh, that's cute, you're jealous! Do you want me to cover up? Am I showing too much? Are you worried that a bunch of guys are going to hit on me in the store?"
I said, "No, don't worry, I think you are fine. But, well, your nipples are definitely noticeable, especially when you are walking because your cute boobs bounce and jiggle. Just so you know, they look great, even though I know you don't want to hear that. Oh, and if you raise your arm a little, the bottom of your shirt comes up and shows the bottom of your boobs. I think if you raised your arm a little more, like just a little above your shoulder, your nipples would show, too. At least they did back at the house."
Susie looked over to me, I could tell she was getting excited hearing all of this. She said, "My shirt comes up over my nipples? I guess this shirt is a little short. I hope that doesn't happen too much in the store, especially with guys around me. And do you really think my boobs look great?"
I said, "They look fine especially when your nipples are hard like they are now." I reached over and raised her shirt over her boobs. "Look, they look wonderful, but try to keep them covered, OK? The good news is that some people might not notice your nipples, but the bad news is that's because they may be staring at your ... well ... your shorts."
Susie asked, "What's the matter with my shorts?" She wanted to hear me say how sexy she looked, so I told her.
"Well, I guess they aren't too bad as only the top inch or so of your panties can be seen because your zipper isn't all the way down. Oh - unless they look at that hole, but I wouldn't worry too much about the hole, it's not really directly over your pussy. Um ... I guess I did notice when you were walking to the door at the house that you were flashing quite a bit of your panties from the slits that are all the way up the sides of your shorts. With the slits, your shorts are very loose around your legs ... and are a little revealing, well actually, very revealing. Sometimes when you move it's like you don't have any shorts on at all." And with that I reached over and flipped the leg of her shorts which easily revealed her panties and pussy.
Susie moaned a little and said, "Hey, watch it! My panties and pussy are right there for everyone to see. At least I wore some sexy panties. I guess that's good, huh?"
I said, "The good news is that unless you spread your legs, no one will see your pussy lips thru your panties. Here, put your legs together." She did. I lightly rubbed her pussy and said, "See, you can only slightly see the outline of your lips and your pussy slit thru your panties, right here. Now, open your legs more." Susie moaned a little and opened her legs. I kept rubbing her. "Now look. You can easily see your lips and slit. This is what used to drive our teachers crazy in school. Your skirts were so incredibly short they were always looking up your skirt. Did you know that? By the way, you're getting wet down here. I'm not trying to turn you on, I'm just trying to help. Ah, and to answer your question, yes, these panties are really sexy, so I guess you should worry too much about showing them. Last thing, they feel fucking amazing, too."
Susie's eyes were closed and she said, "Ok, keeping feeling them, please and yes, I caught our teachers looking a lot. Mr. Barder used to compliment my little skirts all the time."
I added, "He was a pretty cool guy, we had a lot of fun in his class."
Susie went on and I continued to play with her pussy lips, "I kind of liked flashing him. I would pretend that it was by accident. He always appreciated it and he was fun to tease. When we were alone in his class room, I'd ask him if my skirts were okay length or if they should be shortened. I told him that I didn't want to look like a grandmother. We used to talk about my skirts quite a bit and as time went on he told me he would help me. He would ask me to raise my hem a little so he could judge the length. So, I'd pull my skirt up little-by-little to just below my panties and I'd turn around and raise the hem to just below my ass. He would always urge me to raise it a little higher. He'd tell me that nothing inappropriate was showing, but I'm not sure he was telling me the truth all the time. He liked it when I'd ask him if he could see my panties and I acted like that would bother me. He'd but he'd say no, that he couldn't see anything yet, and he kept asking me to inch my skirt a little higher and a little higher."
I kept rubbing her, almost fingering her. To drive her crazy, I put just a little on my finer into her and moved my finger up and down her lips. I asked, "Was it exciting showing-off to him?"
Susie, said, "Ohhh, it was exciting as Hell! I'd question him just to tease him. I'd hold my skirts up and would say things like, you mean to tell me you can't see my panties? I'd turn around and would lift my skirt half way up my ass and would say, come on, tell me you can't see anything now."
Mr. Barder was a 30 something, athletic, in-shape history teacher. I couldn't help asking, "Did he like looking at your ass or pussy better?"
She replied, "Hard to say. He did have me sit on his desk to show me how tough it was to actually see up my skirt."
I said, "What? What do you mean how hard it was to see up your skirt?"
"He had me sit on his desk. Then he slowly pushed the hem of my skirt up my thighs so it was real close to my pussy and he'd say things like he couldn't see anything that he shouldn't. He then had me open my legs a little and he pushed my skirt up higher. He'd tell me that he couldn't see anything, but I thought he probably could because when I looked at my lap, I could see a little bit of my panties. He said that if he looked at me in class, he wouldn't realize that my panties were showing. He made me so horny, plus he was complimenting me all the time, saying how cute, perky and sexy I was. He also said it was harder for a girl's skirt to go up in the back."
I asked, "What did he have you do?"
"Well, a bunch of things. He had me stand up and turn around and wiggle my ass and twerk. All the time he'd say that he couldn't see anything. He told not to worry because my skirt was so long that he couldn't see anything that he shouldn't see. He'd have me raise me skirt in the back and would say that my panties blended with my skirt, so he really couldn't tell where my panties were. He would have me stand on a chair to pretend I was walking up the stairs. His face would be real close to my ass and my pussy the whole time. He'd try to guess the color of my panties, but would always guess wrong. I couldn't really tell if he was lying to me, or if he really couldn't see my panties. I tell you, it was hot as hell. Sometimes I just wanted him to kiss my pussy since his mouth was only inches away."
I continued rubbing her slit as we talked and she was slowly humping my finger and was moaning like crazy. I asked, "Did he ever touch you".
She said, "Not in a sexual way. He'd put his hands and fingers on my legs and ass to show me where my skirt hem was both in the front and back. But he was only showing me were the bottom on my skirt was. Sometime his finger would graze my pussy or kind of rub up and down my lips or would seem to stay on my ass a little longer than probably necessary, but he always apologized, it was by accident. He's really a nice guy."
I said, "Wait, what did he do, I don't get it?"
"First, when he had me sitting down, he'd put his hand on my leg. He'd say that he'd show me how much further up my skirt could actually go before I showed anything inappropriate. He put his fingers under the hem and would move them slowly up my skirt until his fingers touched my panties. He'd tell me when his fingers were touching my panties. I guess he thought I couldn't feel his fingers. Then he'd tell me that my skirt could be raised another half an inch easily in the front before I showed anything."
I had to ask, "Where were his fingers touching you?"
Susie said, "Well, his fingers started on the top of my legs, but then they kind of moved to the inside of my thighs as the moved up to my skirt. So, they ended up ... well ... actually right on my pussy lips. But, I had my panties on. His fingers usually never went under my panties in the front and I don't think he realized his fingers were actually rubbing and spreading my lips."
I said, "His fingers were rubbing your lips? You don't think he realized it?"
"I don't think so, his fingers were moving up and down slowly, so he might not have even been trying to do that. The whole time he was talking to me, complimenting me, saying how sexy I looked. And like I said, most of the time his fingers weren't under my panties. But sometimes, by accident, his fingers would slip under my panties and would get inside me a little. I knew it was by accident, so I didn't care. But, it felt really sensuous, so hot. So, I don't know if he realized that he was rubbing me and getting inside me, but maybe he did. He was just trying to help."
"Well, what did you do?"
"I asked him what he wanted me to do. He suggested that I shorten my skirts so I looked young and vibrant, not middle-aged or older. Then he said, let me see how short your skirt is in the back."
Susie went on, "I stood up and turned around. Then he said something like OK, your skirt is pretty long, so I'm going to lift it just a little. And he did, he'd lift my skirt up, higher and higher. He said, if my skirt was this high, which was half way to my waist, that would be too much. Then he would trace his finger across my ass and would say that everyone could see this much of my ass or my panties. So that I would understand, he put fingers between my legs on my pussy and said, if you skirt was up this high, everyone would see my sweet pussy."
I asked, "Did you tell him to stop it?"
Susie went on, "No, he was nice and was complimenting my ass and he talked about how smooth it felt and how tight my pussy was. I couldn't help it, it felt so good."
At this point we were in the car in the grocery store parking lot. I was fingering Susie like crazy. She was holding my hand trying to push my fingers further and further into her. Her shirt was pulled up over her beautiful boobs. Plenty of people were walking thru the parking lot - I have no idea how many saw us.
Susie was begging me to fuck her. With her other hand, she was trying to get my cock out of my pants. I knew this was getting out of hand, so I slowed down the fingering and told her, "Take it easy, I'll fuck you later, but not here. Take it easy, let's go into the store and get the vodka."
It took a good minute, but she finally calmed down and we got out of the car. We walked to the entrance I put my arm around Susie's waist. A couple of steps later, I just couldn't resist, I slid my hand into her shorts which was easy to do since her zipper was down. With each step, I lowered her shorts a little bit. Susie didn't care. She looked at me and said, "I'm so horny right down, I don't care that you are pushing my shorts down. I 'll tell you, I'm not pulling them up, you have to. If you had any balls, you'd take them all the way off me."
I said, "Keep your sexy shorts on, that is what's left of them. And be careful in this store, you don't want to accidently show anything."
As we went into the store, Susie became quite a spectacle. I let her walk ahead of me so I could watch people's reactions. She knew what she was doing. Her shorts were not covering much as she walked. She reached up to get some olives off the shelf which made her shirt rise above her nipples. As she was looking at the pickles she had her hands lightly rubbing her tummy. She would nonchalantly let her fingertips slip inside the waist band of her panties. She's blend over to get tomato juice off the lowest shelf which, of course, exposed her boobs and her ass cheeks.
It wasn't long before 2 guys came up to her. They had no idea that Susie was with me, so it was easy for me to wander over close enough to listen to them. They made small talk with Susie and asked her where things were in the store. Susie would smile, raise her arm and point, each time flashing her tits to the guys. Finally, one of the guys said, "Um, you should be careful. Your shirt comes up a little high when you point."
Susie said, "Wait, you really didn't see anything, right?" As she was talking the fingertips of her other hand were just inside her the waist band of her panties. She was teasing them and they were loving it. The guys just nodded. Susie looked down to her chest and said, "Oh geeze, this is what you guys are staring at, right? Typical horny guys. My nipples are hard again, so embarrassing. I am sorry, I didn't expect this." As she was saying that, she put her other hand up under her shirt making it look like she was covering her nipples. But instead, she was lightly rubbing her tits. She looked at the guys and said, "Well can either of you guys stop fantasizing about me and what you'd like to do in my mouth long enough to help me a little? Can you get me some tomato juice from that shelf down there? I don't want to bend over because by boobs will fall out, again."
One of the guys knelt on his knees and said, "Which one would you like?" Susie moved over right next to him which put his face inches away from her pussy, which he, of course, was staring at. Susie, of course, pretended not to notice. He said, "Oh, did you know that you have a hole here in your shorts?"
Susie acted surprised and said, "What? No way. Where?"
He said, "Right here, I can put my finger through it." He put his finger thru the hole slowly moved it around. Susie moaned. Then he said, "We noticed that your panties peek out of your shorts right up here." And he took his finger and rubbed where her zipper was open. He said, "These feel nice. The pink color looks great on you." Then he snapped the waist band of her panties.
Susie said, "Oh, you are a terrible boy. Keep your fingers off my soaking, hot pussy."
He looked up to her face and said, "I can see right up your shirt. Wow! Your boobs are beautiful. What a view. But, you should be more careful, your nipples are right by my mouth. And these shorts are really loose on you and the slits make them open up quite a bit."
Susie was getting more turned-on by the second. She said, "What are you talking about?"
He took his hands and spread open the sides her shorts. He said, "Look, I can see everything, all the way to here." He put his hands on her pussy, again. He went on, "Wow, you are sexy, look at this. You know, I'll bet I can even kiss your ..." And with that he moved his face in a few inches and he kissed her pussy right in the grocery store. Then he used his tongue to lick up and down her panties. He said, "Ya, I thought I might be able to kiss you."
Susie was really hot at this point and she said, "Oh, does licking me make your dick hard? How about if you take my shorts down and you and your cute buddy both lick me at the same time?"
He didn't hesitate. He reached up and pulled het shorts down to the floor. Susie stood there in just her panties and cut off t-shirt. The other guy stepped in and began feeling her ass with one hand and her boobs with the other. Susie put her hands on his belt and began undoing his pants.
I stepped over and said, "Hey, stop. This is too hot. You gotta beak it up before someone calls the cops."
Susie was breathing heavy. She said, "You get the vodka ... I'll wait in the car." And she and the two guys walked away, leaving her shorts on the floor of the store. Both guys had an arm around Susie and had their hand cupping her ass.
It was an incredibly sexy sight and all heads turned to stare as they walked through and out of the store. But my only thought was that I better hurry with buying the vodka. Luckily, it only took a minute or so in the check-out lane. As I walked quickly out to the car, I could see two things.
First, 15 feet from the car, I walked up to her t-shirt which was on the ground, obviously meaning that Susie was topless with those two guys. Secondly, as I looked at my car, I could see that the three of them were in the back seat.
I quickly walked up to the car an opened the door. Susie was sitting between the two guys. Each had their pants down around their knees and Susie was beating both them both off at the same time. One of the guys was fingering Susie and she was squirming, moaning and loving it.
I said, "OK, it's all over, come on, get out of the car or we'll all be arrested for you being naked."
Susie pouted, "I am not naked. I am wearing these little panties that this guy was kissing and licking in the store, so no one can see anything, even though he's fingering me. So hey, just give me just 2 minutes, OK? I'm just getting to know them." And with that, she dropped her face down to the one guy's lap and began kissing and sucking his cock. She popped his cock out of her mouth and said, "Come on, cum in my mouth, cum in my mouth." Then she leaned over to the other guy and began sucking him while still beating-off the first guy. It was quite a sight!
She began to move her ass over to the first guy so she could sit on his lap, but he spoiled it for her ... he came. Susie pulled the cock out of her mouth and said, "You couldn't wait? I wanted that down my throat!" And she continued to blow the other guy ... until he came, right where she wanted it, right in Susie's mouth.
Susie sensuously kissed and licked the head of his cock and up and down his shaft.
I interrupted and said, "I mean it, let's get out of here!"
Susie said, "Take a couple of pics first, OK?" It was soooo hot, I had to. Susie said, "Get this one, and she grabbed each of the guy's cock. Now let me kiss them", and one-by-one she put both of their cocks in her mouth. "Now, let them kiss me."
And each guy got between her legs, pushed her panties to the side and began to eat her, which drove Susie crazy. She held each of their faces and pushed them into her pussy. She moaned, "Eat me, suck me, more, give me more!" And then, after I had taken more than 20 pictures, she had her orgasm.
I took over and said, "Guys, you gotta get out!" Thankfully, within 1 minute they were out of the car and I was driving away. Also thankfully, Susie climbed into the front seat and was blowing my outrageously hard cock! All I could think was, "What a girlfriend I have!!"