Tim arranged a desk and a new chair near the window. A phone line had been installed and the desk now sported a phone and a new computer. He was ready for his first full time employee.
Tim had a growing consulting firm and needed someone to answer phones, set appointments, and help with the billing for his now three dozen clients.
He had trouble finding someone who would work for what he could afford to pay and under his unusual time requirements. He would pay for forty hours per week, but some days he needed someone in the office for twelve hours and other days they could go home after two hours. He wanted someone trustworthy, as they would be working alone some of the time.
Molly was the sixteenth person he'd interviewed and the only one who accepted his terms. She was recently divorced and had been out of the work force for several years, but seemed eager to learn. She had a pleasant voice and could type. That was all he really needed. She seemed excited about the variety of tasks the job offered.
Promptly at 9:00 a.m. Molly walked into the office, her first day as a new employee, dressed in a snug fitting white blouse and a short black skirt. She had asked during the interview about a dress code and he'd told her she could wear whatever she wanted. No clients ever came to the office. There was phone contact only, for all the callers knew he worked out of his home. This was not at all what he had expected, however. She was dressed in what appeared to be very professional attire at first glance. At second glance he noticed he could see through the tight blouse to her crème colored bra.
"Good morning."
"Good morning," she replied. "Is this okay to wear?" she asked, gesturing to her outfit.
How did he luck out? She looked hot. Tim enjoyed eye candy way too much. Tracing the contours of her bra with his eyes, and knowing he shouldn't stare, he tried to remain cool and professional. He didn't want to scare her with his visual advances.
"It's fine," Tim replied. "You can wear anything you want. A T-shirt and jeans would be fine, too. There is no need to dress up here."
"I've been told that I dress too seductively, but I like wearing this. Are you sure it's okay? I can wear T-shirts and jeans if you prefer."
"Oh no, not T-shirts and jeans," he thought. "But I just told her a T-shirt and jeans would be fine, too! Shit, she could work naked if she wanted to. Should I say that?" That thought was immediately dismissed as way over the line. He didn't want to lose this employee, especially if she wanted to dress like this.
Staring at the opening of her blouse between her breasts, and noticing their rise and fall with her breathing, he made note of the stitching of that crème colored bra, imagining her without it. Stopping the mental fantasy, he said, "Like I said, wear anything you like. I want you to be happy here."
"I need this job so badly and I don't want to screw it up."
"Don't worry about that. I need you here just as badly. I think that we are going to get along fine."
Tim showed her the desk he had prepared, the only organized spot in the office, and then explained what her duties would be.
"The file cabinet is a mess and so is the bookshelf. I would love it if you could organize them. I waste so much time looking for things."
"This office does look like it could use some organization. So I guess my first task is to make it functional."
Tim explained the operation of the new phone system, handing her the booklet that came with it.
"Answering the phone and scheduling my time is the primary focus of the job. I may also ask you to contact clients on occasion," he explained. "You will basically be running this office and making sure that I'm working on the highest priority. I would like you to keep this place organized and running smoothly."
"I'm good at organizing, but I don't know anything about what's important and what's not," she answered somewhat sheepishly.
"Don't worry about that yet. Ask plenty of questions and I'm sure you'll get a feel for it in no time."
Molly attacked the filing cabinet, assuming it was the most important. She sorted the existing files alphabetically then looked inside each one and created separate files under each client's name - one for billing information, another for what looked like contractual requirements, and still another for miscellaneous correspondence.
Time flew by and soon she was interrupted by the sound of Tim's voice asking if she'd had lunch yet. It was two o'clock already.
"Oh!" she said, surprised. "I hadn't noticed the time. I'm organizing the file cabinet." She showed him what she had accomplished so far, explaining her reasoning.
"This is far better that I had any hopes for. Thank you so much, and feel free to read anything in these files. You will be the one finding things for me. Now go to lunch. There is a good deli just around the corner."
"How long do I have for lunch?" she asked.
"The hours here are flexible, take as long as you like. There will be times when I'll want you to work late, and maybe through lunch, so other than those times you can take as long as you like for lunch and even leave early if you want. It will all balance out in the end."
Molly beamed at his approval while walking to the deli he'd indicated. She even thought that he noticed and approved of the way she dressed.
Molly's mother had been a fashion model and her father had often told her that she could never be as beautiful as her mother. She had interpreted that as meaning her father thought she was ugly and had consequently developed a low image of herself and her body. He'd never noticed when she matured and developed curves. She spent most of her high school and college years dressed in sweat shirts and baggy pants.
To make matters worse, the man she'd chosen to marry had left her for a younger, more attractive woman. Molly was an educated and intelligent woman. After her divorce she studied self-esteem and began fighting to build hers. She was attractive and looked at herself nude in the mirror every morning now. She learned to flaunt her body, and the criticisms of other women convinced her that she was on the right path.
With a spring in her step, she walked back to the office carrying the salad she bought from the deli.
The phone rang just after she sat down. It was her first call and the major reason for her employment. She answered the phone in what she thought was a professional way and asked the client, whose name she recognized from a file, to hold.
"Tim, are you here for Mr. Claybourne?"
"Yes, transfer him please."
She transferred the call, retrieved the files containing the contract and correspondence, silently placed them on Tim's desk, and returned to her lunch.
She finished eating, and then noticed that the phone call had ended. She picked up a pad and pen. Walking into Tim's office, she smiled at him. "Do you want me to take some notes on your phone call for the files?"
"Wow, I never thought of that. That is such a great idea, and thank you for these files - they came in handy."
Tim proceeded to tell her the gist of the conversation. He ended with, "I don't how I ever managed without you."
She typed up the notes and started a new file for phone correspondence under the name "Claybourne".
The next morning, just after Tim opened the front door and turned off the alarm, he turned around and saw Molly walking in.
"Good morning," he said, instantly noticing a white blouse similar to what she'd worn the day before, but this time over a baby blue, low-cut bra.
"Good morning," she replied, and with a coy smile, turned and lowered her head.
He must have stared too openly, but her reaction indicated that she enjoyed his attention towards her breasts. He made a mental note of this pleasant realization then said, "I have a key for you so you can let yourself in when I'm not here. Let me explain the alarm system."
She stood close to him as he explained the keypad, all the while looking down at her cleavage and taking in her scent.
"I have the code written down in my office in case you forget; let me show you."
Tim led Molly into his office, handing her the keys he'd had made. "Here is the code and the password for my e-mail. You have done such a marvelous job with the file cabinet so far; maybe you can do something with my e-mail. I can't find anything there, and it's loaded with a lot of customer contact."
Molly enjoyed his attentions and toyed with the idea of unbuttoning another button on her blouse, but dismissed it as being too blatant. She would find other ways to entice him.
"I thought I would finish the file cabinet today then I'll work on your e-mail. Anything that looks personal I'll put into a folder labeled 'private'.
"That will be fine. It's not like I have a lot of pictures of naked women on my computer." He couldn't believe he said that and instantly regretted it. His face started to turn red with embarrassment when he noticed that coy smile on her face again.
"I'll just put all of those in a folder labeled 'entertainment'," she responded.
He laughed with her. She was definitely a find and he felt comfortable with her, and her sexy humor.
Tim watched the sway of her short skirt as she left to finish working on the files.
"By the way, Molly," he said as she left, "I'll be out of the office this afternoon. I have a meeting with Mr. Jameson, and I won't be back tonight."
"Okay, that'll give me a chance to go through your e-mail without disturbing you."
They laughed again at the implied reference to what might be in those e-mails.
Molly had almost finished with the last file when she heard a key in the front door. Looking up, she saw a casually dressed woman with a cheerful, welcoming expression walk into the office.
"You must be Molly. Hi, I'm Shelia, Shelia Hartman, Tim's wife." She reached out her hand to take Molly's when Tim walked out of his office.
"Hi dear, I see you've met Molly."
"Tim thinks the world of you. He has needed someone to take care of this office for a long time," she said, giving Molly a genuine smile as if she really did want to be friends. She didn't wear that disapproving scowl Molly normally got from other women. "I just stopped by to take your assistant to lunch. I don't want you overworking the poor girl."
"I'll be gone before you get back, so take your time and treat Molly to a good lunch. She has already earned her week's pay, just for what she did to the file cabinet."
"Grab your purse and let's go; you're not eating at the deli today."
Molly followed Shelia out to her car, making sure she had the office keys with her.
"You have already been so good for Tim. In just one day you have shown him that he really does need a 'mother' in his office to pick up after him. Don't be so nervous. I know, the wife and the sexy looking young office manager, but I'm not jealous. I'm grateful. So stop looking like you're on your way to the gallows," she said, laughing.
"Sorry, was it that obvious?"
"Yes, it was. Although I'm sure you get that a lot. Jealous women, I mean.
Looking the way you do. You are very attractive and that blouse is gorgeous. Don't tell him I told you, but he did notice yesterday and it made him more productive." She laughed again, "Men are so easy sometimes."
Two hours and two glasses of wine later, Molly opened the office door with a wealth of information. She had probably shared too much. but Shelia was so easy to talk to and had offered a lot about herself, Tim, and the business. Shelia seemed highly motivated that Molly feel welcomed in this new position.
Molly started to work on Tim's e-mail, but after a couple of hours decided to go home early. Two glasses of wine at lunch was more than she was accustomed. She had, however, set up a folder, as promised, for entertainment. There was nothing in it, but it sat proudly on his desktop.
Later that night Molly re-evaluated her relationship with Tim Hartman. She wasn't surprised he was married and had actually suspected it from the first moment they met; besides, all of the good ones were already taken).
She had to define what she wanted from him: obviously a job, but more than that. She was glad that she'd met Shelia today. In a couple of days she might have started to fantasize about she and Tim together in bed. Now she knew that wasn't in the cards, but she did love the fact that she distracted him. She enjoyed flaunting her body and even more when someone attractive noticed. Tim noticed.
That's what she wanted from him; his attention to her shape, something that she had never gotten before, not from her parents and not from her ex-husband. She felt desired by Tim.
Morning found her standing in front of her mirror wearing a not quite opaque white bra and delicate lace panties. She held in her hand a sheer white blouse, but set it aside.
"This would look better with my black lace bra or that red demi-bra," she told herself.
She chose a simple white blouse that matched her bra in its lack of opaqueness, and a tight blue mini skirt.
Tim was already in the office when she arrived. A stack of papers greeted Molly from her desk. Tim walked out of his office upon hearing her come in.
"Good morning," he said. "These files are from my meeting yesterday."
Molly's back was to him and as she turned around to face him, she saw his jaw drop ever so slightly. She smiled to herself as she watched his speechless expression for just a moment before breaking the silence, "Good morning. Was the meeting fruitful?"
It took Tim a minute to register what she said. He loved the way she normally dressed and today had to be the best yet. Her brown nipples were plainly visible. He wanted so badly to compliment her choice in clothing, but could think of nothing to say other than, "you turn me on." That wouldn't do at all so he stood there staring until finally, he spoke.
"Yes, we'll have a new contract as soon as I write up the proposal. It was a very productive meeting. Would you please organize all of this?" gesturing to the stack of paper on her desk.
"I'd be happy to. Does that mean that you don't want to be disturbed today while you write up the proposal?"
He wanted to say that she could interrupt him anytime dressed the way she was, but stopped himself just before the words left his mouth.
"No, I'll need your help. Check with me after this is put in some form that can be searched. I'll need several files today. How are you with spreadsheets?
"I'm pretty good. I took a class on spreadsheets in the workplace just last year."
"Great." He noticed that he had been staring at her nipples the entire time they talked and now felt the need to hide in his office. When he tore his eyes from her breasts and focused on her face, he noticed that Molly was still smiling at him. She must be happy about the new contract, he told himself.
He still wanted to tell her, in some way, how much he approved of the way she dressed.
"You are looking very good today. Is that a new outfit? I've been meaning to tell you how much you brighten up this place and make it seem like a much larger, more professional office. I think it's the white blouses you wear; they make this small place feel like a Fortune 500 company." Okay, that was pushing it a little. Her blouses were white, that's true, but no professional office would allow what she wore.
He hoped that didn't sound too overly sexualized even though that's how he felt. "Please, please, please, keep wearing these see through tops and short skirts," he thought to himself.
The rest of the day Tim found assignments for Molly that forced them to work together, everything from retrieving files to standing behind her as she worked on the spreadsheet, alternating his view from the monitor to looking down her blouse. He had even engaged her in a brainstorming session, even if she mostly just took notes of what he said.
He found every excuse to compliment her; from the way she prepared his coffee to her expertise with the spreadsheet. The long day ended with the proposal done, and Tim thanked her again for all of her help as she faxed the material to the new client.
Molly felt very much a part of a team effort at the end of the day. She enjoyed
working closely with Tim, especially the warm flush she felt brought on by his attentions.
She was almost convinced that Tim liked the revealing way she dressed. She went to bed exhausted and elated after such a long day at work.
The next day she came in a little late, wearing her black lace bra. She'd decided against the sheer blouse; there would be time for that later. Molly and Tim exchanged "good mornings." Tim noticed that he was developing the habit of staring at Molly's breasts whenever he talked with her. Today her nipples were again visible and drew his eyes like magnets. He caught himself often and tried to look away fearing she would get upset with him for starting so blatantly, but every time he looked in her eyes he saw a smile. She had said she liked to wear revealing clothes to work and wasn't showing any concern about his attentions.
Tim had said that there wasn't much to do except wait for the contract but he did want to start getting the financial reports more up to date and organized. They would be needed if this contract came through. He did say that he wanted her to work on Saturday to complete the reports, but they could leave a bit early today
Tim left at four o'clock, but Molly said she wanted to finish organizing the e-mail so that they could have a clean slate on Monday without anything else in the way.
At five minutes after five o'clock, a fax came in and Molly went to read it. She saw that it was the contract they were waiting for along with a note: "You said that you always work late for your clients. If I get this back signed by 7:00 p.m. tonight, you'll have the job."
Molly thought it strange that any client would play games like this, but she also knew that this contract was important. She had Tim's address; she grabbed the contract and rushed to her car.
She knocked on the Hartman's front door at 5:35 p.m. Shelia opened the door just wide enough to stick her head out. She looked shocked to see Molly standing there.
"Hi, Molly! What are you doing here?"
"Hi, Shelia. The contract came in and Tim has to sign it so I can fax it back before seven tonight. Can I come in and talk to him?"
"Well, we have this thing going on and, well..."
"I'll only be a minute."
"Well, we're all naked."
"Naked?" Molly was visibly surprised, but regained her composure quickly. "Can you ask him to sign this? I'll wait out here."
"I promised that I wouldn't talk about work at all tonight. It's something I owe him. However, you didn't promise."
Molly didn't know how to take what Shelia just said. She had fantasized about seeing Tim naked and, more often, about him seeing her naked.
"You won't even know I'm here. I'll be in and out in no time."
"Well, you can come in if you're sure, but house rule tonight is that everyone has to be naked. You'll have to get undressed."
Molly paused a moment. She wanted Tim to see her naked, but never expected his wife to insist on it. She didn't want to appear as eager as she felt; she tried to look as if she was considering what Shelia suggested.
"Okay, this is important. I'll do it."
Shelia opened the door and revealed her naked body. Molly didn't want to ask any questions and tried to avert her eyes.
"You'll have to strip now," Shelia said.
Molly removed her clothes in the hallway. There was definitely something different about Tim and his wife.
Shelia led her into the family room where Tim was seated surrounded by three naked women, one of whom sat on his lap.
"Molly, what are you doing here?" he asked, surprised at her appearance in his home.
"The contract came in...," Molly started to explain.
"You have to sit on his lap to talk to him," Shelia said. "House rules tonight. Mary, get off for a minute. Everyone, this is Molly, Tim's new assistant at work. She has some work-related thing to talk to Tim about."
Molly's nipples tightened to sharp points and the deep flush of arousal spread down her chest.
"So you made her strip?" someone said.
"Rules are rules," Shelia laughed.
Tim's glistening cock became visible as the woman who sat on his lap rose. Molly was beside herself. She became instantly wet as she walked towards him. Her mind raced. This had to be a dream. Her fantasies had never been this vivid before. Her mouth lost all moisture and she couldn't speak.
"Look at those lovely breasts," someone said.
"Tim, you need to fondle those," a voice chimed in.
Molly felt Tim's hands on her breasts, something she had imagined since the day they'd met. She lowered herself onto his lap, looking into his soft brown eyes. She felt him enter her and all other thoughts vanished from her mind. She sat there contentedly for several seconds with his hands on her breast(s) and his cock inside of her.
"Don't make him come, dear. The evening is still young," a voice said.
Shelia added, "Didn't you have something for Tim to sign?" Laughter filled the room as Molly remembered why she was there.
"The contract came in and must be signed and faxed back before seven tonight," she spat out.
Tim pushed her up and grabbed the papers; a quick read-through and he left the room, coming back a moment later with the signed contract.
"Thank you for bringing this over. I'm sorry for what my wife put you through," Tim apologized.
Molly, still in a daze, took the contract and was escorted by Shelia back into the hallway. She got dressed and left.
Back at the office, she hit the send button on the fax machine at 6:45 p.m., and then called to verify that the fax had been received.
"Yes, we often work late here," she told the man who answered. She went home. It had been another long day.
The next morning at 9:30, Tim and Shelia opened the office door and turned off the alarm.
"I told you that you scared her off with that prank last night. I just hope that contract got faxed." Tim scowled at his wife.
"She'll be here," Shelia said. "She enjoyed last night."
"You'd better hope so or you'll be my assistant." Tim was very angry with his wife. "She was so hard to find and a real gem in the office."
They both turned at the sound of the frond door opening. Inside walked Molly, dressed in a long, floral, wrap-around dress. It looked like something his grandmother might wear.
"Molly, I'm so glad you decided to come back today. I am so sorry about what we did to you last night and I promise that it will never happen again," Tim pleaded.
"Please don't do that," Molly said untying the belt of her dress. "I never imagined a party like that and I would love to be invited to the next one when I can stay longer."
She removed the dress to reveal a very sheer camisole covering a bright red shelf bra and matching thong.
Shelia just laughed, saying to Tim, "I told you." Then turning to Molly, she added, "You'll be invited to every party we have in the future. Now I have to go. Enjoy your day together!"