***So many people have been encouraging me to write this one out. Thank you for convincing me, and especially thank you LucyCanyon for helping out with the editing! xxx***
*****
I'd met Alan online. I could tell straight away that there was something different about him. His initial message stood out compared to all the dozens of other 'How are you', 'nice pics', 'great profile' or 'I love Asian girls' messages. He'd actually taken time to read through my profile rather than look at the pictures. We exchanged messages about what turn us on and things developed into lurid descriptions of what we'd do to each other. We'd talked about a NSA hook-up and arranged to meet on neutral ground. I suggested a coffee shop mainly as it was very close my house as I had no doubt that it would go well. He had come across as very confident and very horny when we had exchanged messages and in my experience, the 'neutral ground' meet was more of a formality. Somehow I knew that with Alan, I wanted to be sure we didn't waste any time.
With that in mind, I had to make sure I dressed to impress. I decided on a 6-strap black garter belt with nearly black stockings underneath a short, black skirt that would all go nicely with a low-cut, pink wrap blouse and knee high boots, all with no bra or panties underneath. It might have been a bit much for a morning coffee, this was never really about the drinks.
I looked around for him when I arrived at the coffee shop, but he was nowhere to be seen. Immediately, I started to feel a bit anxious since it was quite busy. Busier than I'd expected as I'd hoped to have sat down in a secluded corner where it wouldn't have been so obvious to casual onlookers what I was about to do. Luckily, the table in the front corner became vacant as I took another look around. Without waiting for the table to be cleared, I sat down, facing the window. As I watched the previous occupants leave, in saw Alan hold the door open for them. He nodded as they thanked him and he walked confidently in, casting the quickest of glances in my direction along with a wry smile.
I turned in my chair so I could watch him as he bought the coffee. I could make out the muscles of his chest under his white shirt. He had short, brown hair and a neatly trimmed beard and a glint in his beautiful brown eyes. In contrast to me, he was quite informally dressed, wearing jeans and a casual brown jacket.
He placed a cup of coffee in front of me without saying anything. I made sure that as I picked up the cup, I leaned forward enough to show off my cleavage as he sat down opposite me. He simply raised an eyebrow over his confident smile. The corners of his mouth curled slowly upwards before he quietly, but firmly said "I like it."
"My blouse?" I asked, gesturing to it with a feigned clumsiness that pulled at the blouse to reveal ever so slightly more flesh to him. Still smiling, he slowly looked me up and down before looking back into my eyes. He seemed to savour the sip he took of his latte.
"The whole thing." he said before leaning back in the chair.
"Me too." I said as I crossed one leg over the other, well aware that doing so would pull my skirt up far enough to reveal my patterned stocking tops. I held my coffee in both hands for a moment as I admired the thick bulge already obvious through his jeans. He cocked his head to the side, placed his coffee back on the table and took his phone out of his pocket. I wasn't sure what he was doing. He said nothing, but his smile was replaced by an inquisitive look. I smiled at him and gave him a nod. He took a photograph and placed his phone on the table between us.
I shot him a quick look to let him know I disapproved and he responded with a question raise of an eyebrow. I adjusted my position to show him exactly what I meant; I turned to directly face him in the chair and, leaning back, I uncrossed my legs and spread them for him as I glanced about the shop. After a moment of taking in this new view that I presented him with, he picked his phone back up again and took another picture. I couldn't help but smile as I saw the look on his face. His eyes were greedy with desire as I parted my legs a little further, my skirt riding ever higher on my thighs and giving him a better view of not only my stockings, but my bare pussy which was becoming increasingly wet with every photo he took.
"May I see?" I asked as he made to put his phone down again. He withdrew his phone protectively into his hand for a moment, before shooting me that beautiful wry smile of his and handing it to me. As I browsed through the pictures, he hurriedly finished his coffee and looked at me in a way that was both hungry and expectant.
I finished about half of mine before I abandoned it and gathered my bag and my coat. As I stood up, I pulled down my skirt as discreetly as I could to cover up my stocking tops. I followed him out to his car and got in the passenger seat. He just sat there looking me up and down.
"You're stunning." he said taking a couple more shots as I willingly posed for him, all the time I was aware how the seatbelt accentuated my breasts through my silk blouse. I glanced down at the deliciously large bulge in his jeans.
"Can I see it?" I asked. Of course, I'd seen it before through the pictures he'd sent me online, but it was always better to see things in the flesh. He nodded with a wolfish grin and I unzipped his jeans, gasping at what I found underneath. He wasn't wearing underwear and I reached my fingers around his thick shaft and pulled it out. It was beautiful, thick and circumcised. I squeezed it tight in my little hand and stroked it up and down as he captured more moments on his phone. I wanted to take it into my mouth and taste it right then and there in the car park, but I knew that if I did, I couldn't resist more. I had to get him back to my place.
The journey only lasted a couple of minutes, but it was long enough to tease him by pulling my skirt up and putting my stocking tops on display. He ran his hand along my thigh as he drove sending shivers through my body as his hand reached the exposed flesh and worked upwards, reaching the wetness that had spread all around my pussy. His fingers circled across my slicked skin and then slipped inside my cunt making me squirm in the seat. I spread my legs wider as his fingers probed deeper. I could hear how wet I was from the noises that accompanied the movement of his fingers. Already I was so close to orgasm and I didn't want him to stop but... "Left here." I barely managed before we pulled up to my house.
Hurriedly, I got out the car, pulling my skirt back down as I led him to the brick porch of my house. Almost as soon as he had the door closed behind him, I was on my knees with his cock in my mouth. I couldn't wait any longer, it was so beautiful that I just needed to feel my lips around it. No gentle kissing or licking. No teasing the shaft with my lips. I sucked him for all I was worth.
I was hoping he'd be keeping a lookout for any of my neighbors or the postman in case we were spotted through the porch windows, but instead he took pictures as I desperately tried to get all of him in my mouth. Grabbing my hair, he helped me with the last inch or so, roughly pulling my mouth onto his thick cock relentlessly until I couldn't suppress my gag reflex and pulled away. I glanced up at it through teary eyes, saw at how it looked all wet with spittle - it was beautiful. I needed it inside me, right then, right there. I didn't care if anyone saw.
I got back to my feet and bent over in front of him, pulling my skirt right up. He didn't waste any time and shoved the full length of his cock deep into my soaking wet cunt and fucked me hard and fast as I braced myself against the window. I could feel how thick he was in every thrust as he stretched my pussy, but there was no tenderness about it. The days of anticipation turned into pure animal lust and I was soon cumming from the intensity. A big orgasm that rippled through my body, making my legs shake as I stood there, bent over before him. For a brief moment, I thought about getting my keys to open the door, but Alan's pace increased as his hands pulled apart my blouse and fondled my breasts and he continued to fuck me. I could hardly believe that I'd only just met this man and exchanged only a few words with him in person and already he was fucking me in my porch in full view of any of my neighbors or anyone who might pass by. They would see me braced against the window, fucking back onto this stranger's big cock as he grabbed and squeezed my tits. They would hear me groaning with pleasure as he stretched my soaking wet cunt. I didn't care what they might see or what they might think of me. I could feel another climax build as his fingers squeezed my exposed nipples. Each thrust caused me to moan loudly and it wasn't long before I came again, loudly this time.
"Let's go inside." he said, maybe worried that I'd attract attention from the noise. I fumbled for my keys and rushed through the door, stumbling onto my hands and knees over the doorstep onto the wooden floor. As I tried to get up, Alan grabbed my bunched up skirt and suspender belt in one large hand, holding me where I was as he got into position behind me. Then he was inside me again, pulling back onto his thick cock using my skirt as some kind of harness. His fucking was more intense this time and he grunted with each stroke as he pounded into me, making me moan irrepressibly.
"Faster! Fuck me harder!" I screamed back at him in between my cries of ecstasy.
I wanted him to reply. To make me admit how much I loved his cock, how much I loved him fucking me. Even if it were to call me a 'slut' or a 'whore' - some indication that this meant something to him. Instead he remained silent. His left hand grabbed a handful of my hair, pulling my head back as he thrust into me harder and harder, stretching my wet cunt on his thick shaft.
"Oh, please! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt!"
He responded with pumping so forceful I could feel my arms shaking. Each brutal thrust was making my whole body shudder as his balls slapped against my cunt with each stroke. I squeezed my pussy around his cock as he rammed it into me, each thrust building another orgasm. I tried to resist it, to hold it back just a little, but I felt powerless against his relentless manhood. Giving in once more, I squirted uncontrollably, soaking the wooden floor beneath me.
I felt as though I could hardly take any more and I dropped down onto my elbows. He was starting to grunt with each powerful thrust, deeper and deeper into me. I was about to hit the peak of another orgasm when he started moaning as he thrust in big, powerful strokes. I could feel him start to tense, his strokes getting longer and more urgent, and each one made me squeal as his full length speared my cunt till he was as deep as he could go. My body shuddered as we came noisily together. I could feel his hot cum filling my pussy to overflowing as I collapsed into a well fucked heap on the floor.
As soon as I was able to gather myself, I saw that he'd shut the door behind him on the way out. The only proof he'd ever been here was the cum that had dripped out of my pussy, down my thighs and my stockings. There were even drops on my boots and the wooden floor. I decided to rest a while on my bed before cleaning up.
My phone woke me a little while later. Alan had sent me the photos he'd taken. I texted him back: I'll buy the coffee next time xxx