SHORT SKIRT AND KILT PARTY
by Musings of Pan
Author's note: All participants in this story are over 18.
Hi. I'm Amy. This is my second quarter of freshman year at State University and I am having an amazing time. Living away from home as an adult for the first time I am having a lot of adventures with my room mate and the other girls in the dorm. There are a lot of good looking guys in this school which makes some of the adventures more interesting though I have not found anyone special yet. Of course classes and studying get in the way but I manage.
Anyway, I want to tell you about the Valentines Day party. When we got back from Christmas break there was a buzz going around about a party. According to the word, the guys at Lion Hall, the boys dorm, hold a Valentines Day party every year called the Short Skirt and Kilt party. Girls are required to wear short skirts with no panties and the guys wear kilts or some short wrap around with no undies. No dates, we pare up with the next guy in line when we get there. Fortunately even though it is winter I brought a short skirt. My room mate Emily had to borrow one.
We had no other information about what happens at the party but I decided that it would be a good preparation to shave down below. I put on a nice blouse and debated wearing a bra. No heels, I wanted shoes that would allow me to retreat fast if need be. It felt strange but exciting to be in a short skirt with no panties. A bit drafty too.
At eight o'clock my room mate and I arrived at Lion Hall. A guy greeted us, took our coats and led us over to a line of college men who were dressed in collar shirts and all sorts of wrap around things. I was paired with Jeff and I couldn't help but giggle at the orange and black school colors towel around his waist held together by safety pins. He was tall and slim with dark hair and a cute smile. I was pleased with getting him.
Jeff led me to a large room which I think was their cafeteria but now the tables and chairs were moved to the walls. Just inside the door was a step ladder with a plank at the top leading to another step ladder.
Why was I not surprised? Jeff motioned for me to go first so I climbed while giving him a show. I noticed both boys and girls looking up as I walked the plank. Then I climbed down backwards so I could get a good look up Jeff's "kilt". There they were, cock and balls swinging as he climbed down. This was fun. I didn't care if they saw me as long as I could see them. I hadn't seen that many penises so this was my big chance.
We stood under the plank watching until everyone was in. I know, the expectation is that boys are turned on by looking and girls are not. Rubbish! I am still curious and turned on by a good cock and balls. And standing under that plank I got a good comparison. Some were very long, some fat and some too small to see. I also noted that almost all of the girls were shaved. Of course the girls don't have nearly as much to show down there as the boys so I considered this party to the advantage of the girls.
A boy who apparently was master of ceremonies stood on a table and called for our attention. Standing with him was a cute girl who I did not know. He welcomed us to the party and explained that a custom at this party was when meeting someone to give them a flash. He and the girl demonstrated by facing each other and lifting their skirts long enough to get a good look and then slowly lowering them. He asked us to practice with our partners so I faced Jeff and we both lifted our skirts. If I was wearing panties they would be soaked by now.
Our master of ceremonies explained that there will be several activities this evening. The first was to pick up our drinks. Only the drinks were lined up on the floor and we could not bend our knees to pick them up. One by one we bent over to get our drinks. I saw a lot of bottoms and balls. Of course the girl's splits were visible in back when we bent over.
They couldn't serve beer in a college dorm but the fruit punch was good. Next activity was the looking glass. There was a long mirror on the floor, the kind that is usually attached to a closet door for a full length view. Each person was to walk the length of the mirror with one foot on each side and then climb a stool up on a table and jump down to the floor on the opposite side.
I watched the boy in front of me start and was getting a great view. His cock was flopping back and forth with the awkward steps of walking with feet that far apart. Then I started, well aware that my sex was on display. It is a good thing I shaved. Of course several students, both boys and girls were gathered around looking in the mirror. I climbed up on the table and noticed that when the boy in front of me jumped down his kilt flew up past his waist. Down I went with the same result. No one was trying to hold their skirts down.
A boy came up to me and said, "Hi, I'm David and happy to meet you." I realized what this meant so I lifted my skirt while returning his greeting. He had a long circumcised cock which seemed to be twitching and starting to rise. I moved closer and asked if I could touch it. He said yes if he could touch me. I was excited by the feel of his cock getting hard as I held it and his fingers on my pussy made me tingle all over. Wow, we should make this the normal greeting all over campus!
The master of ceremonies explained that this next activity is to show why boys don't wear skirts. We were to kiss our partners while raising a hand under their skirts and fondling them. I turned to Jeff and smiled. I could feel his hand stroking my pussy while I held his cock and moved my hand up and down as he got hard. When time was called and we parted every boy's skirt was bulging out in the front. It was very funny.
Then we lined up boy girl. The first pair lay on their backs with the girl first and then the boy in line with his feet to the girl's head. The second pair was to walk over the first pair with a foot on either side stopping briefly over their heads. When clear the second pair would lay down in the line so the line on the floor kept forming as the line walking proceeded. That was very sexy. Some of the boys still had erections and I saw pussy juice running down many of the girls legs.
Lastly each boy sat on a chair and his girl sat on his lap with bare legs touching. Many of the girls sat facing the side with legs together but I decided what the hell and straddled his legs. Jeff liked that. He reached under and felt my pussy as I explored his balls and held his cock.
It was a success because when I was ready to leave Jeff asked me out for the next evening. I asked if he would wear a kilt.