Brief Intro
Robert and Susan had been writing to each other on a sex stories site for a while, having made contact because of their shared interest in the subject of Bound Breasts. Both had seen and enjoyed videos featuring this activity and both wanted to experience it in real life.
After meeting up for dinner in a nice restaurant, a safe distance away from Susan's home town, they found they got on well and decided they both wanted to go ahead with it together. A hotel suite was booked for two days time and, because Susan wanted her breast binding to be seen by others, five members of the site, who she had been in contact with and had vetted, had been invited to attend.
Susan was in her late 30's. A tall, well built woman, not skinny but not at all fat either. A nice, solid, curvaceous figure, with large, 38D breasts and dark, prominent nipples. Her breasts were still firm with only a hint of sag. She was a bit of an exhibitionist, and liked to flaunt her breasts in public. Sometimes she would drive topless, and tease passing motorists. She was a nudist and so had an all-over tan. An ideal candidate for having her breasts bound and displayed.
Robert was tall, slim, personable and in his early 60's.
The Event
I was in the living area of the suite talking to the 'guests', four men and a woman, when Susan emerged from the bedroom. All heads turned to look at the star of the event. She looked stunning -- dressed in stockings, high heels, knee length skirt and a tight fitting blouse with no bra. All eyes dropped to her large breasts, (the real stars of the evening! ) her nipples already hard and prominent. Everyone could see that her breasts were as magnificent as they had been led to believe. Everyone was instantly excited at the thought that would soon be seeing them, naked and bound.
I gave her a glass of wine and for the next 15 minutes or so we chatted, and got everyone to feel comfortable with each other. I noticed that as Susan moved around amongst her audience-to-be she would press her tits against an arm or rub them casually, as if by accident, against a shoulder. She had told me this was something she often liked to do in public, but this was the first time I had seen her in action. I could see that this teasing was just so erotic, and it was clear her 'victims' thought so too.
After a while I suggested we get started. The audience took their seats and I positioned Susan in front of them. I stood behind her and slipped my arms around her to grasp both breasts in my hands. They felt just great, soft but plenty of firmness, heavy and much bigger than could fit into a man's hands. Her nipples were prominent and hard. Wonderful!
"I think we have here a lady whose breasts are badly in need of attention," I said giving them a final hard squeeze, before I reluctantly let them go.
Murmurs of agreement from the audience.
"Take your blouse off please, Susan, and let us see what I have to work with," I instructed.
She unbuttoned and let the blouse slip off, onto the floor. Her breasts were on display, in all their natural beautiful. A ripple of gasps, and appreciative comments ran through the audience --
"Oh man, look at them."
"What a pair of beauties."
"Fabulous."
"My god, I love them!"
Someone gave a low whistle. The sole woman, I noticed, said nothing, she sat there transfixed with her mouth slightly open.
"You may think they look rather beautiful now, but I promise you they will look stunning when they have been adorned and transformed with the ropework I have got planned."
"I think you will be more comfortable without the skirt," I said to her.
It quickly followed the blouse onto the floor. She stood now in stockings, high heels and tiny panties that barely concealed her womanhood. I stood in front of her and ran my eyes up and down over her, seeing her near-naked for the first time. I liked what I saw, she really was a very womanly woman. Being a nudist she was tanned all over. I cupped her warm, soft breasts for a moment, hefting them, as if assessing their weight.
"Hmmmm," I said over my shoulder to the audience, "these beauties are going to need some pretty firm tying I think!"
I left her there, on display, for a few moments while I fetched the length of soft, red, cotton rope that I had bought for the occasion. I took another leisurely sip or two of wine, letting the audience relish the sight of her.
I positioned myself behind her again and put my arms around her. I held the middle of the rope in my hands, stretched a couple of feet apart. I hooked the rope beneath her breasts and rubbed it gently against their undersides, letting her feel the texture of the rope that would soon be binding her tightly. I slowly rubbed the rope up the undersides of her tits, up over her nipples and across the top surface. I slid it back to the underside and gently, teasingly, repeated this several times.
Next I fitted the rope under her breasts, pulling it up as far as it would go. I then wrapped the rope two or three times around her torso, before tying it off at the front. The rope already lifted her tits up a bit. I lifted her heavy, right breast and wrapped one end of the rope around it's base, once, twice three times, each loop sitting in front of the one above it. As her breasts were large, the binding only came down about a quarter of the way. I pulled the rope quite tight but whispered in her ear "Tighter, darling?"
"Uh huh, yeah, tighter," she said, breathlessly.
I tightened it up two, three times, checking with her each time, until she felt it was as tight as she could cope with. I then took the rope-end up diagonally between her breasts, around her neck and back down to the front. I made sure I had pulled it tight enough to ensure her breast was pulled up high on her chest, before I tied it off. I then repeated the procedure on her left breast. I was really enjoying lifting, holding and man-handling her breasts whilst I worked ( a necessary part of the job, honestly!). The audience watched, entranced. All that could be heard was a constant murmur of comments and muttered sounds of appreciation.
Through all this Susan's breaths had become short, fast and shallow, punctuated by moans and quietly muttered words.
"Mmm, mmm."
"Oh god."
"Oh fuck, that's good, Robert."
"Oh yes, oohh yesss, like that."
A couple of times her hands came up to try to stroke or feel her boobs, but I pushed them away.
"Soon, beautiful, soon. When I'm finished with you".
When all was done I took her gently by the arm and walked her over to the wall mirror.
"What do you think?"
Her mouth fell open as she saw herself in the mirror. " Oh my god. Oh my god, just look at them. "
Everyone was doing just that, of course!
"That's incredible, oh I love it."
They were like two big, hard balls, carried high up on her chest, cinched in tight at the base. The skin was so taut, it seemed like it was barely containing the swollen flesh it encased. I was surprised that they were already changing colour, becoming a deep pink, and then purple. Her aureoles, normally quite large, were now even larger. Her nipples, too, were swollen and enlarged to the point that it seemed they must almost be painful.
The ropework entwining them framed her breasts to perfection, adorning them, turning them into objects solely to be admired. It not only altered the shape and texture of them but was also saying,quite clearly, that these breasts have been prepared in this way to be seen as objects of great beauty. They have been enhanced in this way to be admired, to sexually excite, not only Susan, but everyone else viewing them. They did that, and how!
All eyes were on her as she admired herself, her hands cupping her breasts, stroking them, squeezing them, pinching the swollen nipples. She turned from side to side, viewing them from all angles. She shook her shoulders to see how they moved - not much, just a small, tight bounce. When her fingers dug into a breast they barely sunk in at all, as they would have done when they were unbound, they were now so hard, so tight. She was fascinated by the sight and the feel of them. After 5 minutes or so I put my hands on her shoulders and leaned in to whisper in her ear "Well what do you think?"
"They look just amazing, better than I ever imagined."
"How do they make you feel? " I asked.
"Fantastic. It is like my boobs are on a sort of cusp between pain and pleasure. The feeling is so intense. I am just so turned on, so very wet. Do you think they can see that my panties are wet?"
I glanced down, "Yes I think so, they really can't miss it!"
"Are you ready for the next part?" I asked.
She had promised her audience that they would each be able to have a feel, once her boobs were ready.
"Oh yeah, I'm ready. Let them at 'em!" she said excitedly.
We had agreed beforehand that they would come up one at a time for their grope, as we didn't want things to get out of hand. She stood in front of her audience and pulled her shoulders back, thrusting her tits out even more, as if she was offering them up to them (which she was of course), running her eyes over the excited group, wondering who would be first.
One by one they stepped up, eagerly, to spend a few minutes playing with her bound breasts. One would handle them gently, delicately, seeming to be treating them almost with awe. Another would be rougher, squeezing them hard, shaking them from side to side, pulling at the nipples. One even chose to lightly slap them a few times. Susan seemed happy with all this treatment, indeed she was giving continuous words of encouragement to them. I knew she would say something if she wasn't happy, but nevertheless I was ready to intervene if necessary. Another younger guy in his twenties asked respectfully, hesitantly, if he could kiss them. Susan nodded her agreement and stroked his hair as he bent to gently lick, kiss and suckle them.
The last, by Susan's request, was the woman, Jill by name. She was slim, petite, with dark hair and pale skin, 24 years old. Her pretty mouth wore bright red lipstick. She had told Susan she was here because she thought she might like to try having her breasts bound. She wanted to see it done first-hand before deciding. Her hands looked so small as they roamed over the large expanse of Susan's tits. Busily stroking, hefting, squeezing, looking for all the world as if she was analysing, assessing and judging the effect the roping had on them.
Jill was quite short, the top of her head only coming up to Susan's chin. When she had finished her examination she only had to drop her head slightly for her rouged lips to come into contact with a breast. She planted a couple of firm kisses on each breast, leaving red, lip-shaped marks on them. They were the final, and ultimate, beautification of the evening of Susan's marvellous breasts.
The audience were then allowed some time to take photographs, souvenirs of this amazing evening. Susan was in her element, strutting around, posing however they wanted her, loving still being the centre of so much attention. The photos, I noticed, were not confined to her breasts, but they were soon all taking shots of each and every part of her body. A life long exhibitionist, she seemed to revel in it. Everyone was very excited, the guys all had hardons, Jills nipples were stiff, standing out proud from her perky little breasts. The most memorable pose to me was when Susan lay down on the sofa, and her breasts just stood upright, her hard, distended nipples pointing at the ceiling. No spreading, no flopping to the side, just firm, hard mounds jutting up into the air.
With that the show was over, but we told our guests they were free to stay as long as they wanted. There was plenty of wine and snacks left for them. Susan took me by the arm and steered me over to a corner of the room.
"I have had an absolutely fantastic evening. It is one of the most exciting things I have ever done. I want to thank you Robert," she said as she put her arms around my neck and kissed me long and hard, her firm, tied tits pressing against my chest. It was a great kiss -- delicious and full of promise.
"There is a part of my fantasy I never told you about, Robert," she whispered. "I wanted to see how things turned out first. But I really want to be fucked while I am tied up like this." She pressed the soft curve of her stomach against my rock hard cock. "Do you think you can help me out with that?"
My hands slipped down to her hips, and pressed back against her. "Well, I did offer my services to help you fulfill your fantasy, so I guess that has to be a yes!" We kissed again and rubbed against each some more as the audience clapped, whooped and made encouraging, but slightly crude, comments. I put my arm around her reaching up under her arm to grasp one firm, hard, tied-up tit and we walked together towards the bedroom door. A fantastic evening had just got a whole lot better.