"Three whole days. It's been three whole days since Brent went nuclear on me sexually. My brain is still reeling from the mental images of what he put me through in his office. I have NEVER been fucked so fiercely in the short time since I've embraced sex. On one hand I should be terrified of him and the ownership rights he seems to think he has over me. Yet the last few days he's treated me just like he usually does. I'm beginning to think Brent is bipolar. I mean he's sweet and kind most of the time then POW! Brutally satisfying. LOL!"
"He was by far the best sex partner I've had since my teasing has switched paths toward full on sex. Here's the thing, I don't mind the sex and in most cases I don't care if it reaches that level. My co-workers got more of me than I honestly wanted but once things got going I couldn't resist it. Even kissing Stephanie only weirded me out at the initial kiss. After I realized it wasn't so bad I rather enjoyed it. Who knew?"
"What turns me on is the art of the tease. I absolutely love making guys crazy. There lies my problem though, guys get what they want while I question why I let it go so far. I'm having the hardest time telling guys no. The words just won't come out. The more I tell myself that's enough Violet...I end up pushing further and further, until guys become uncontrollable. Nobody to blame but myself."
"Friday night has arrived. I have money now. LOL! I plan on going shopping tomorrow, but tonight I'm laying low. David had a business meeting and Mom is working out of town again. I swear it feels like Mom is spending more and more time on the job than being here at home. I really hope she isn't having an affair. That was part of the problem between she and my real Father John. Neither of them could be faithful. I know she loves David and that he worships her, but needs will arise. Just look at me...I had an affair with her man. Did I mean it to go there? Not sexually. I just wanted to drive David crazy. Once things with his sons got my hormones into overdrive I couldn't even say no to their Dad. All in one day. I'M SUCH A SLUT. I shouldn't have done that."
"Like I've said his boys both pretty much demand I send them at least one dirty pic a day. I don't mind that part, but I do wonder if they show me off to their friends in college. For that matter my mall fans get nude pics daily too. I send them the same poses I send the Larabee boys. I'm glad my co-workers aren't expecting pics. LOL! Give them time right?"
"Even if they all do show me off I find it flattering. Whether I tease in person or by picture it's still attracting attention to myself. Of course some day this might backfire. Hiding things from my Mom and Dad won't last forever. I'll just deal with being disowned when it happens. Dad I think would be more relaxed about my behavior than Mom ever would. Even though she's done some pretty risqué things in her lifetime, Mom has higher hopes of me being the good kid that I try and show her I am. I'm an adult now so other than kicking me out I'm confident I'll survive."
"Moving along...seeing as I'm home alone right now I'm just going to take it easy. With Mom far enough away, confirmed by my innocent text to her saying I love you Mommy. She replied of being in French Lick, Indiana. Wherever that is. LOL! Yay for me. David's gone to his meeting with Pharmaceutical execs. I know they were going to play golf after the meeting so I figure I'm good. Brad and Troy never come home on a Friday favoring the nightlife on campus. So...what do I do with myself to keep entertained? I was hungry and Mom did leave me a small allowance for food purposes. I could order a pizza or Chinese takeout. Bound to be a guy delivering right?"
"Hmmm! Pizza sounded awesome so I'll order one for delivery. I have a cellphone ap for a place called Maggio's, a locally owned pizza joint. Placing my order online it said delivery time would be in 35 minutes. That gave me just enough time to go down to my bra and panties for the delivery guy. LOL! Even if he's not cute at least I'll make the guy's night. Strange that I've never done this before tonight. I must be slipping."
I'm wearing a peach colored set of undies at the moment but I don't feel as sexy as I want to in this color. Before heading downstairs I checked our my dainty drawer. I decided on a deep purple bra and G-string duo. I knew I looked sexy in that color. Having nearly platinum blond hair darker colors were best. I do need to work on my tan though to look even better. I'm not pale but not even golden. Maybe I'll go back to the park to see Stephanie and do some sunbathing over the weekend. I'll find out if she's working. Who knows she might join me for a girls day. Lord knows I could use some friends. Most of my friends abandoned me over my senior year. They pretty much only text me every other month."
"Rocking the purple undies I sprayed on some perfume. Midnight Heat by Beyoncé. OMG! I love this scent. If this doesn't get a guy hard I don't know what will. I'm wet before the guy even gets here. LOL! Heading downstairs confident I was still alone I had another idea. Hurrying about I gathered as many candles as I could find and lit them all around the living room and toward the front doorway. Just for ambiance. Dimming the house lights I went to the fridge and poured me a glass of my Mom's Chablis. The box kind. LOL! If only for effect, at least the guy would think I'm sophisticated. Right!"
"Not wanting to appear too eager by looking out the curtains I sat in the living room on our sofa. Sitting here the thoughts of Brad and Troy fucking me on this thing gave me the chills. Yep! Nipples as hard as they get. LOL! Soft music was needed. Classical even. I've learned to appreciate classic piano going so far as taking lessons for a year in grade school. Mozart was one of my Mom's favorites so I just went with that. Soft and lovely. Like me. LOL!"
"After ten minutes the doorbell rang and I nervously wiggled my way to the door. Taking a deep breath I answered it. Door flung wide I found my delivery guy. Not bad I must say. His eyes stammered as he looked me over. Not a blush just a look of surprise. I didn't break a sweat. As he took the pizza out of a warming tray he passed it to me. I had my wine glass in one hand so I sat both of them aside on a nightstand by the door. Once he caught his breath over my perfume he told me how much I owed. OOPS! Didn't think about the money. I was embarrassed over my negligence. The cash was upstairs. I told him to step inside and I'd run up and get it. He did. I did. Not bothering to look back at him I headed up our staircase. Pretty sure he liked my bare ass with the G-string hidden in my crack. Trust me I took my time going up. Runway model Violet. LOL!"
"Out of sight I hurried to my room and snatched the money up. Not wanting to be in any hurry I made him wait. I checked myself out in my dresser mirror for an ego boost. Getting sexier by the day Vi. LOL! Holding out for three minutes I finally headed back down. Reaching the front door I discovered the delivery guy long gone. My pizza wasn't even there. WHAT THE HELL? I still smelled the aroma but it wasn't where I left it. Hmmm? Did the guy take it into the living room? I twisted in step and followed the pizza sauce. Turning toward the sofa I bulged my eyes. YIKES!"
"David was home already. How did he sneak in so fast? I wasn't upstairs that long. He must have gotten home just as the pizza guy got here, I just didn't see any car lights. Of course I wasn't looking. WOW! Okay, Hi David. LOL! Not a peep out of him to let me know he was home made me a tad suspicious. I asked him why he was home so early and he said 18 holes went faster than usual. Not to mention after hearing a flush and water running from the powder room I realized he wasn't alone. Panic mode struck me not knowing who it was. Before I could run upstairs David told me to hang on. He wanted to introduce me to someone. I was like shouldn't I get dressed first? David insisted I was dressed just fine. OH BOY! Now David was showing me off. Nerves calming I stuck around."
"When the powder room door opened I saw a tall younger man exit. Spotting me right off his eyes flared which was followed by a warm smile. David introduced him as Patrick the son of his boss. Easily 25 or so and sharply dressed. Dark hair with a winning grin. Extending a hand to shake mine he chose to kiss my knuckle. It gave me goosebumps. I apologized for what I was wearing and that I didn't expect company. He told me not to worry about it I looked fine. I KNOW I DID! LOL!"
"David had paid for my pizza and sent the guy on his way. So much for my very first pizza tease. Maybe next time my handsome delivery guy. David told me to grab some paper plates, he paid, he shares, were his exact words. LOL! Somehow I knew he meant share me too. I'll play along for now. Not getting laid. Not getting laid. Not getting laid. LOL!"
"Just once I'd like things to go how I want them to. Can't a girl just turn a guy on and watch him squirm? Patrick definitely complimented me on my body. I laughed and said it's a work in progress. To my shock he offered to be my personal trainer. LOL! Wait! What? He was pretty in shape for some Pharm...oh wait...he's the son of...right...after asking I learned he just liked to play golf. LOL! He really was a personal trainer. As I passed him a plate he checked me out more, pointing to spots on my body I needed to work on. Nothing destructive to my conscience it did let me know how to improve my shape."
"David dug right in and didn't seem concerned by my attire. Once I got past the new guy I realized how much fun this could be. Patrick was charming. He even liked my music selection. I told him he could put something else on, our cd selection was massive. He agreed and hopped up to search our library cd shelf. As he did I winced at David and mouthed What's going on? He merely smirked and returned our silent conversation with SEDUCE HIM."
"WHAAAAAT? LOL! Seriously David? We play one time you and I, you become my pimp? I told him I'll tease not seduce. He didn't seem happy with hearing that. COME ON! Why can't I just tease without the worry of being fucked? This was getting out of hand. As Patrick put on some older 80's rock things livened up. SHIT! Stripper music I thought as I heard Def Leppard's Pour Some Sugar On Me. DAVVVVVID!!"
"Turning for my approval I swayed to the rhythm. Setting my pizza plate down before even a nibble I placed my hands in my hair and did my best booty dance. Patrick seemed impressed so I moved toward him and rubbed along his back. My tits touching his body made him nod. He was liking it. Sensing his enjoyment I whirled around him, now face to face, helping him out of his light jacket. Tossing it at David while my tongue razzed him I proceeded to palm Patrick's chest and nudge him toward the loveseat. As he dropped down I immediately crawled into his lap and started grinding. He was getting into it as his hands rubbed my legs. Big hands. Felt wonderful."
"By the chorus I was dancing all over him. Pushing my tits toward his chest while smothering his face in my whipping hair. He laughed and said DAAAMMMMN! SHAKE IT GIRL. I busted up at how that sounded but continued my gyrations. It was so easy to feel an erection beneath my thighs. OMG! This was fun. Hilarious but a blast. I didn't know I had stripper qualities. LOL! Eying him watch my cleavage I crushed my tits together playfully. Good clean fun I figured."
"Then came David. Moving behind me he unhooked my bra while I was distracted. Slick David. Real slick. As it loosened I realized it and dropped my jaw. David went so far as to slip my bra straps over my shoulders to prevent support. Patrick looked shocked by David's sudden boldness and sat back taking me in. It's only a bra I thought. Leaning into him my cups dropped to my areolas. A quick shake of my tits he got both girls free of charge and was loving it. David snuck in and pulled my bra from my arms and threw it on our couch. I yelped OMG DAVID!! as Patrick puckered at David for going as far as he did. I gave up what little resistance I had maintained. Knowing Patrick was hard, hot, and heavy I smothered his face with my tits. Pressing his face between them, he kissed my flesh, which made me instantly shiver."
"Easing my tits away I shook my chest across his face feeling my nipples graze his opened mouth. He took the bait. OMG! He's sucking my nipple. What was David doing? I'm albeit his daughter if not by blood. Why was he whoring me out? I'm so confused. Well except for one thing. Patrick is good looking. LOL! DAMMIT!"
"David moved behind the loveseat and watched my expression while Patrick fed on my breasts. Once shaking off my stare of disbelief at Patrick's hunger I caught on to David's gaze. My eyes flared wide as I mouthed WHY AM I DOING THIS? He just winked and told me silently to KEEP IT UP. Keep up what? Letting him terrorize my flesh? Maybe that should be tenderize. LOL Patrick just bit my nipple. OWWW! More goosebumps. FUCK!"
"Patrick's hands found my ass and squeezed my cheeks. Now that I was all for. That part seemed tame considering. As the Def Leppard song ended another song started up. This was a mixed CD so the follow up went into Dr. Feelgood by Motley Crue. I like this song too. LOL! Dang it, I can't stop dancing in his lap. DAVVVVVVVIDDDD! LOL!"
"UMMM! PATRICK? I tried to coax his attention. Pausing he merely looked up over his brows at me, his mouth still swallowing my areola. Awaiting me to speak I just shivered and went blank. FUCK IT! I let him continue while I ran my fingers through his hair. This felt too good to make him stop. Yet, even enjoying myself I felt that need to understand satisfaction. Looking up at David who winced toward me I had to ask again. WHY?"
"PROMOTION. David mouthed to me with dramatic lip motions. I offered a queer expression and returned with, SO YOU USE ME TO GET IT? A swift response of a nodding head he let me know the truth. So ok, David wanted me to fuck his bosses son just to advance his career. I should have known that giving in to David this shit would happen. His boys I could predict better. This was a total shocker."
"I could object and say no. David would be mad but he would probably get over it knowing his relationship with my mom would end if I broke my promise. I just couldn't tell him no at this point. Sucks to be me. I decided that I've gone this far I might as well see it through. DAMN IT!"
"Finally breaking off his feeding frenzy Patrick chose to tell me how sexy I was. Admitting that when David showed him a picture of me that he instantly wanted to meet me. What pic? The only one I think David has is a family photo. Unless...great! Troy or Brad must have sent David pictures that I'd sent them. I asked Patrick which picture? He freely spoke of nudes. David had bragging rights after having sex with me. Telling Patrick he had me around his little finger. That I was his little slut. WOW! THANKS MY ALMOST STEPDADDY."
"I let it sink in without looking pissed. I wasn't. Just a tad hurt that David thought of me like that. Okay not hurt more flattering in a strong sense. I wanted guys to want me but not WANT ME to the point of slavery. Even that word might be too divisive. Surely David didn't think I was his. Did he? WHOA! Mind blown suddenly."
"I told Patrick that I would always do what David asked of me. I was his little slut anytime he desired me. David nodded with his hands placed together mouthing THANK YOU. I better get big money for this buddy. LOL! Patrick ate it up saying I wish I had this kind of control over you. The comment made me shiver as Dr. Feelgood was feeling pretty damned good right now. I looked up at David and asked him loudly CAN PATRICK OWN ME FOR AN HOUR SIR?"
"ABSOLUTELY! David made certain Patrick heard him. Offering him the leash to my imaginary collar Patrick accepted and asked David if he could spend that hour alone with me. David patted Patrick on the shoulder and said TEXT ME WHEN YOU'RE DONE WITH HER. With zero hesitation David was gone. Time for me to put on the theatrics. LOL!"
"LET'S GET THESE PANTIES OFF Patrick winked at me. I crawled from his lap and stood between his legs and started to remove my thong. He stopped me and gently took over. Easing them down he leaned in to kiss my belly while working his way over my abdomen. OMG! So titillating. Nuzzling my puss his warm exhales sent shockwaves across my body. His tongue licking my leg as he brought the G-string to my toes. So erotic."
"Looking up at me he sets back and admires my body. Finally, he mutters UNDRESS ME. Ohhh yeahhhh! LOL! I knelt between his knees and reached my arms across to unfasten his belt, then his pants. Raising his hips I drag the slacks down to his kneecaps before realizing I should probably take his shoes and socks off first. LOL! Getting carried away here. I tenderly removed those and returned to pull down his pants. Taking them away I placed them on the floor. Boxers or shirt next? Logic says shirt. We had already removed his jacket so the polo was an easy up and over. He had very little chest hair but damn his chest was muscular. Not bodybuilder overkill, but toned to perfection. Having crawled toward him stretching to get that shirt off, I spent a few minutes teasing his chest with my nails and kissing his pecs, then abs. Yummy!"
"Pesky boxers you have to go. LOL! Tugging them he again hikes his hips for a swift departure. Passing pubic area I slowly teased myself with his emerging cock. Inch by inch until his erection popped up at me. I intentionally yelped and acted surprised by it. Not bad. Curves a bit, but nice and thick. I'm guessing six inches tight. Good enough for me. LOL!"
"YOU LIKE MY BIG DICK? Patrick had to boast. I nodded my approval rather than say something silly. I've learned that opening my mouth would lead me to bad decisions. While this was technically already a bad situation, I did like the idea of David thanking me for my help in getting this promotion whatever it was. I mean come on his work from home wasn't that great of a job. Was it? He did help support our lavish home. Okay, maybe he is more important than I always thought. I felt confident he would reward me for this going above and beyond the call of duty stuff."
"Trailing my nails along Patrick's legs gave him the chills. I enjoyed watching him squirm a bit. It felt powerful. Laying his head back on the loveseat gave me time to study the beast before my eyes. Mainly to determine if he was clean. Nothing looked obvious so I chose to move my lips close to his balls. These bad boys looked mighty full of something. We all know what. LOL! Bulbous and tight. Really shiny to accent that marvelous erection. Even his foreskin was gorgeous. That mushroom? Magnificent. Fuck it! I was going to sample this thing for my own pleasure more than his. I hadn't really perfected a blowjob. How can you when a guy grabs your head and fucks your face rather than letting me treat him like a King? I wanted that. Please Patrick keep your hands out of my hair."
"I started out of his arms reach, giving me the opportunity to observe his reactions to what I was offering. Nuzzling his balls I kissed their fullness on both sides of the sack. Licking them thoroughly before sucking on them. One nut, then the other, I heard him moan YES! It gave me goosebumps again knowing what I was doing was appreciated. Yay me."
"Curiously I attempted to widen my jaws enough to draw in his entire scrotum. Balls. Scrotum sounds so anatomy class correct. I like to keep it simple. Balls. Nads. Sack. Jelly beans. LOL! All the same thing. I managed to get them into my mouth and taunt them from within. My tongue moving around their fullness as I sucked on them. His cock reared high at my devotion. So cool. Me happy."
"Releasing them from my mouth I licked them further. Oh, oh! Here come his hands. Hmmm! Holding his balls with both hands he pulls them up to reveal the stretch of flesh between his balls and butt hole. He hikes his feet up on to the couch cushion and whispers LICK ME THERE. Ummm! Okay. I hated the idea being so close to his butt hole. Sanitary reasons. Regardless I did it. He quaked as if ticklish telling me how sensitive that area was. Interesting I thought. It made me wonder if all guys had that erogenous zone. Every time I rolled my tongue over it, he tensed up. Flicking my tongue made him insane. This was fun. LOL!"
"After torturing him for a good four minutes I noted precum on his cock's tip. WOW! I caused that just by licking down there? Finally, he removed his hands and dropped his feet to the carpet. His dick bobbing toward me. In it's turbulence my face felt a tiny wetness. Precum had shot at me in the dancing. WHOA! LOL! Putting my hands to use I stroked his cock with both sets of fingers. He loved it. I liked hearing him say he loved it. It proves I have talent."
"Holding his dick back I decided to roll my tongue from his balls all the way up his foreskin. Kissing his crown I retraced my swath to torture his balls some more. I actually removed my hands from being in the way and only used my face. I found it stimulating to just let his erection be supported by my facial guidance. By the sounds of it I'm doing things to perfection. Music to my ears."
"After multiple teases of preparing to swallow his cock, I decided to move in for the kill. Let's just see how good I can truly suck dick. Hovering over his mushroom with my tongue flicking on it, I looked up at him. The yearning in his eyes made me want to shake my head no. Seeing that, he whined and nearly begged. So I acted as if I were thinking about it. My tongue never once left that crown. My drool pooling up on top of it. As I considered it I ran my hands over his legs softly feeling hair guiding through my fingers. It tickled my palms. Hands slipping between his inner thighs I palm his ball sack and tenderly squeeze them. There goes the private dancer. LOL! I love watching it wiggle even as my tongue touches it. Dirty Dancing came to mind. LOL!"
"Enough torment I opened my mouth wide and gracefully lowered my throat down over it. I wanted to surprise myself and see just how much I could get into my throat and not vomit. Having my tonsils taken out when I was ten certainly helped. Not as thick as those dicks that I have had, made it easier for me to navigate. I had almost all of him I thought, as I felt my nose tickling due to his pubes, and my chin resting on his balls. OMG! I can do this. No stopping now. FUCK! My gag reflex is kicking in. Nooo! If at first you don't succeed try, try again. It took me four attempts but dammit I swallowed him whole. His body convulsed just knowing how determined I was.
"Patrick praised me breathlessly. I could relate because I was out of oxygen, even as I complimented my own efforts. Another few throat thrusts I gave up and just spent time taking half of him in. He was grateful no matter what I did. I was just as grateful that for once a guy didn't force me. While it is exciting to be somewhat dominated I really want to be the one in control of my own destiny. I realize that's next to impossible. Guys are guys. They're only happy when they can assert themselves, and we women cave. Patrick seems content. If it's only this once that I maintain control I'll be happy. Not really, but it's a start."
"I could tell that his body was tensing up so I decided to abandon my blowjob, and kiss my way over his abdomen, ever so slowly climbing higher, while scooting over his lap. As my tits bathed his torso I imagined his dick between my breasts. I hadn't experienced titty fucking. There was no better time than now. He marveled over how I crushed my tits around his dick, moving my upper body up and down. It tickled as his crown popped up each pass I made. I lowered my chin and extended my tongue to flick his urethra each time his head rose toward me. I was on a roll."
"Looking up at him with doe like eyes I could tell he wanted me. Releasing my compression I went back to kissing his chest, my nipples teasing his abdomen. I let him claim my hands and tangle our fingers together. Rising higher at his encouragement I kissed his throat and climbed up into his lap. I could feel his cock amid my labia. It felt incredible each time I rubbed my clit over his crown. Even better as my pussy lips smothered and molded around his strengthened girth. For five minutes at least that was all I did, other than stare into his yearning gaze with my own. We definitely wanted one another. Fuck it."
"Reaching my hand down between my legs I coaxed his crown up toward my hole. Once lining up I sat down very slowly over him so that we could both feel a certain fulfillment. Our hands roamed each other. He my back and ass cheeks. Mine his chest, shoulders, and face. Exploring ourselves within the others eyes made us ride in perfect synch. OMG! This is almost love making. We were both getting emotional. I had to kiss him. He had to kiss me."
"LOST!"
"My mind couldn't follow my movements. His thoughts only on my mouth. So hot. I don't even remember when I began riding him really hard, or when I began moaning extremely loud. It just sort of went in and out of my thoughts. All I knew was I wanted to cum all over Patrick's cock. His throbbing inside me only enticed my orgasm. My body shook like a leaf in a tornado and I recall digging my nails into his shoulders. His hands squeezing my ass really hard. Fingerprints left for sure. My pussy felt like it was overheating. It seemed as if he was even growing bigger inside me. My G-spot was screaming and it felt like small static shocks lashing within."
"OOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGG! I drowned his lap. Our loveseat was going to need cleaned. Still I rode him, sloshing with every downward insertion, gushing with each exit. I think, although I'm not 100% positive, but I think I begged him to cum inside me. No clue what the hell I was saying honestly. Yapping like a dog sounds familiar. I think Patrick was telling me how hot I was over and over."
"Somehow I ended up being guided backwards until my shoulders touched the floor. It's all a blur. I know his dick left my pussy because I felt an absence. My ankles held firmly excited me until I forgot where I was. Then, suddenly I recognized the feeling of his cock penetrating me again. He was standing over my crunched body and ramming his cock straight down into me. INSANITY. Where was I? OMG! OOOOOMMMMGGGG! I think I--might have blacked out for a second. Where?"
"I didn't even feel Patrick reposition me on all fours between the loveseat and the coffee table. I was just there. My arms weak to the point I could barely support my weight. I do know I felt my hair pulled tightly, my head craning back. Blur. In and out. Where? Is that David watching me? He...was crouching in front of me. Watching my eyes roll back into my head until I focused on reality again. He was there. It wasn't my imagination. I was dripping in sweat. I think I recall David removing perspiration from my brow. Hi David."
"Patting my cheek almost felt more like an all out slap. I think he was trying to revive me more than I was. Patrick seemed relentless. I felt every slamming thrust he provoked. Shit! I realized he was also slapping my ass. Ow! FUCK! OWWW! David save me?"
"What did you say David? OMG! My body convulsed. David gripped my chin even as my head was still yanked back against my will. I'm pretty certain David said STAY WITH ME VI. So cloudy. I wondered for a very murky second if I had been drugged. Yet, I hadn't drank anything. Only a nibble of pizza. I just think my screaming orgasms were taking their toll. Dehydration maybe. OHHHHHHHHHH MY GOD!"
"Another orgasm I felt that one. OWWW! I think my ass cheeks are raw they're burning. Why am I being tortured like this? How could David allow this? Why was David...undressing? Noooo! As I swayed in my balance I saw David's cock moving toward my face. Noooo! I'm so fucking tired David. Noooo! His dick forced my weary lips wide and he fucked my face. I was a tug of war between David and Patrick. Promotion my ass. David was just using me. My nose won't stop running. I heard muffled voices. They were talking about me. Praising me for being a good little girl. WHAT THE FUCK! I'm being used."
"It became even more aggressive. Patrick had my hair in one hand, my left wrist in his other holding it behind my back. David was ramming his dick down my throat harder and harder. My saliva slobbering everywhere. Is that the ceiling I see? Gonna scream now...again...I..."
"...think I lost consciousness another time. David had left my mouth so I was puking a bit as I woke and became aware. Gross. Patrick was slowing up, my wrist was let go to support myself again. I could hear Patrick snarling. Noooo! Don't...cum...yes...cum inside me. I want to feel it course through me like a missile. OMG! I'm hopeless. I can't say no. David sat to my left out of the pool of vomit on the carpet. He was stroking his cock. Why was I mesmerized by it? My body shook harder and harder in anticipation of Patrick cumming inside me. He was so close. I could feel his tensing. I could feel his throbbing...I could feel...OMG! My scream hurt my throat. I was hoarse now. Oh David! Why?"
"Why did I want to suck your cock again? My body like silly putty as Patrick backed out of me, made me collapse. I nearly landed in my puke. David...he looked so lonely jerking off. Barely able to move I forced myself to crawl over David. At first all I could do was wallow over his balls. Nice pillows David. My last bit of energy I lifted enough to open my mouth and swallow David. Again, as I had Patrick I did my very best to take him whole. Praise me David. I need to know I'm making you happy. OMG! I'm losing my mind."
"David looked beyond me as something unexpected happened. Money was fluttering around me over David's lap. OMG! They were hundred dollar bills. Had David just whored me out for money? I better get my cut. LOL. He ignored the cash and caressed my cheek, I forgot the money existed. My brain was solely on my mission now. Cum in my mouth David. I'm trying so very hard. For you now. Not just myself. I can tell you're close. Don't let me fail you. AWK AWK AWK! I heard every gurgle, every choke, every expectant plea I could muster. DAVVVVVIDDD!"
"FINALLY! His cum made me try even harder. I wanted more. Every drop David. FEED ME. I can't deal with not getting what I want. AWK AWK AWK! Another detonation. THANK YOU GOD! Breathlessly I had to give up or drown. Relieving my throat I fell to the rug. I...blacked out..."
"Where am I? OMG! The water is soooo cold. I'm sitting on the shower floor and David is cleaning me off. Reviving me he said. I had zero muscle control at that point other than flinching. He had taken the shower wand to rinse off the soap he had spread over my body. Stopping only long enough to turn the hot water up. A few lonely moments to gather my thoughts he finished cleansing me. Once satisfied he brought a big towel in and crouched with me to dry me off. I shook like a drug addict in withdrawals. Holding me covered in the towel he kissed my forehead. I tried to talk but my throat was really raw from the torture of his dick, so soon after my tackling Patrick's. Where was Patrick? All I got was that he went home. Good enough I guess."
"As we sat there I managed to say...DID YOU GET YOUR PROMOTION? David smiled and lifted my chin delicately. THERE WAS NO PROMOTION VI. I winced not understanding. YOU USED ME?"
"He admitted that what had really happened was that he had shown Patrick my picture at the golf course. Patrick offered him a $1000 dollars if David could get me to have sex with him. After his sons and he having me in one afternoon David said he wanted to know if I would do it without resistance. He lied to me, but I just couldn't hold it against him. I was worth a $1000 dollars? WOW! Does this make me a hooker? I wasn't selling myself. David was selling me. Not that I couldn't use that money, but..."
"I resisted crying which surprised me. Asking David if I blacked out he told me more than once, that I was having multiple orgasms. They were so close together that I lost myself. I didn't believe him entirely until he showed me video on his cell. Without Patrick knowing David had recorded every second of my encounter up until he stripped his pants off in front of me. That part he recorded but without picture, his video just picking up my voice. I listened to the whole ten videos. I was screaming my fool head off as Patrick fucked me. WOW!"
"Asking if I were mad at him for setting me up I probably should have said yes. I wasn't so much mad as hurt. Had he just asked me I might have teased Patrick until I myself couldn't resist my urges. Thinking about it all I guess that's exactly what had happened. Inspired by the idea of getting David a promotion. FUCK! I'm so confused."
"David helped me up and guided me to my bedroom. Laying me down he covered me up with my blankets and kissed me atop my wet head. Telling me he would be back in a minute, I lay there thinking about the sex. It was awesome. The more I get the more I wanted. If my teasing got me there I didn't ever want to stop. Five minutes later David returned with the money, my undies, and my cellphone putting them on my dresser. He then told me to get some sleep, that he was going to clean up the living room before my Mom got home. At least I didn't get stuck doing it. LOL!"
"Shutting the light off I laid there in the darkness. I couldn't sleep. Getting up long enough to get my cell I messaged a few of the guys from the mall. I told them I wanted to go shopping again. Of course they all volunteered to take me. My unwitting slaves. LOL! No, I wanted to go it alone. It was fun seeing just how many guys I could get to chase me."
"Just as I was ready to stop texting, Jamie messaged me. The poor guy was in love. I'm so not ready for just one guy. Not when I know I can pretty much get anybody to want me. I can honestly say I think I'm falling into slut nympho territory. Teasing them into a frenzy just meant good sex. Maybe in a way I'm using them as much as they end up using me."
"What should I tell Jamie? Other than getting me to take my thong off in the mall's food court he seemed shy. I didn't want shy. I wanted...wanted. Not love. Desired. Craved. Worshipped. Seduced. FUCKED HARD! OMG!"
"Typing Jamie back I decided to experiment. I didn't want to lead him on into thinking we were going to date time and time again. After several attempts to text what I wanted I just couldn't hurt him. Groaning at my failure I just wrote Pizza next Saturday? I'll go out with him once, tease his ass off and watch him run for the hills. Done."
"He didn't waste any time in replying back. Reading his text I bulged my eyes. He had just taken on a part time job delivering pizza. One of his co-workers just told him a girl answered the door in her sexy underwear tonight. OH FUCK! LOL! Okay, it was on..."
"Replying I asked him if he wished it had been him to deliver the pizza. I bet he tells me yes but really meant no. Wrong! He wrote back asking, Was it you? SHIT! Giggling I answered with There's only one way to find out, I'll order another pizza and you deliver it. LOL! Too which he adds I'm not working tonight. OF COURSE NOT. LOL!"
"I told him goodnight. He continued to text me but I turned my cell off. I wanted peace and quiet to reflect. Eying the clock I knew it was still too early to be going to bed. There was pizza downstairs. I hadn't really ate after I ordered the pizza. David did. UGH! Heading downstairs still naked I found David in the kitchen. He was putting the pizza box in the oven for safe keeping. I intercepted it and scarfed down a slice cold. David sat down at the kitchen island and watched me. I batted my eyes at him and strutted about nibbling at my slice. He watched my every move smiling. I finally belted out WHAT?"
"He told me that I seemed to enjoy being naked at home in front of him. I shrugged and replied with I like being nude. As we talked he brought his cell out and played my video again. Just hearing myself got me all worked up. I found myself taking my pizza slice and moving over to sit in David's lap to watch it. As I did his hand found my pussy and rubbed me. I ignored his touch even though I was turned on big time. I think in my mind I was teasing him again. Wanting him to get crazy and take me. I offered him a bite of my crust and he took a nibble, then kissed my shoulder. I loved his attention now. This was going to be trouble someday. Mom would catch on eventually. I'm not sure I cared to be honest. I was having fun."
"CARLIGHTS. SHIT! Mom was home. So much for a second helping of David. DAMMIT! I ran upstairs to my bedroom, acting as if I went to sleep. I'm sure David will fuck Mom now. That would be a good thing. Me? Yeah, I'm so going to buy my first toy tomorrow. Tonight?"
"Fingers it is."