The days before my upcoming library date were an excruciating contradiction of excitement, apprehension, impatience and doubt.
It was exciting that I'd decided to lose my 'virginity' and that I would soon be meeting my stranger in another public encounter.
Then I'd start doubting he'd show, reflecting on the madness of the whole situation, which brought doubts about going through with it.
I'd never been so sexually charged. I couldn't even shower without pleasuring myself. The desire to be touched like I had in the library, exploring and exploiting my exhibitionist side, was occupying my every waking thought.
I'd been wearing shorter skirts with no underwear since my library encounter, a lot more confident in my desires. Loving the feel of the cold wooden seats in the lecture hall on my skin, imagining the lecturer catching glimpses between my legs as he glanced up at the audience.
Loving the way my skirt fluttered dangerously around my upper thighs in the slightest breeze, bringing a hit of danger it might flip up, exposing my buttocks, my pussy, which excited me as I walked about campus, aware of the admiring glances.
For months it seemed as if I'd been doing nothing but looking for excitement and new experiences, pushing my boundaries, and I loved the feeling. The public oral sex in the library was the most daring and exciting encounter yet, dangerous as it was so public, but also safe as a scream would have brought people running.
Just recently, I'd allowed a stranger to cum on me without real protest, and certainly with no anger, beyond my initial reaction at my neighbour inviting the guy to one of our masturbation dates.
I was planning on inviting them both again, even though it had been a shock to discover the cousin watching me masturbate with my neighbour. It had been a misunderstanding of my invitation to him. But I'd loved the attention after the initial shock of being cum on from two directions instead of one while blindfolded.
And an even bigger shock that I found it such an incredible turn-on. I was not only planning on letting the guys watch next time but also allowing them to touch me, perhaps finger me.
Both of them being virgins, it would be their first experience touching a woman intimately, and for me, this was the attraction of our 'dates'. I'd found controlling my neighbour exhilarating. Deciding how much he'd see, what he could do and where to cum on me was exciting because he was desperate to please so that the encounters would go on, cautious of overstepping boundaries, unwilling to take a risk that might end our games.
Not risking an invite by note, I caught up with him at college, surprising him by a set of spiral stairs leading to the lecture hall, where I suspected he and a few of his geek friends met in the hope of a cheeky peek up a skirt. I smiled, knowing they'd not be disappointed when I climbed the stairs after speaking to him.
My neighbour (I didn't do names, didn't want any kind of intimacy, just fun) seemed pleased but nervous to see me and incredibly nervous when I asked about the stairs, his red face telling me I was correct in my suspicions of what they were up to.
Smiling, I said, 'would you and your cousin like to come over later?'
Then feeling naughty whispered in his ear, 'literally.'
He jumped as I briefly touched a finger to his obvious semi, then immediately turned and walked away, not even bothering to hear his answer.
Pausing at the bottom of the stairs, I smiled at the crowd of geeks. Then slowly climbed them, hitching my already short skirt up, exposing a little of my butt cheeks and an unobstructed view between my legs.
Nearing the top, I glanced over the rail and noticed my neighbour and his geek friends staring open-mouthed. I was sure they'd be masturbating thinking about the 'flash' later. I just winked, knowing I'd made their day, if not month.
My pussy was so damp that I had to go into the toilets to take care of myself, fingering my clit to a quick but satisfying orgasm. Imagining I had done so at the top of the stairs, in front of the geeks, perhaps something I would dare to do as my confidence grew.
Freshening up with wet wipes and tissues, I made my way to the library.
That evening I showered and prepared for my guests, lighting a lamp in the living room that cast a soft glow over the decking area with just enough light to illuminate the lounger I'd set ready.
Placing several towels beside it, I wrapped one around my nakedness rather than tease in clothes as I had before. I was anxious and excited, ready to push things further than I'd previously allowed.
I had butterflies waiting, but it wasn't long before I saw them sneaking through the back gate. My neighbour was surprised when the security lights didn't come on. I'd remember to disable them this time.
They made their way over to the lounger where I sat, slightly reclined, towel wrapped and tucked in between my breasts, the cousin went to say something, but I stopped him.
'OK, some rules. We are here for fun watching each other.'
'We are not friends, an item or anything other than masturbation buddies. No one does anything unless I say so, is that understood...?'
Grinning, they nodded yes.
I peeled open the towel, making the grins even more expansive.
'Then let us have some fun.'
They both nodded enthusiastically, their eyes flitting between my breasts and my neatly trimmed pubic hair, not seeing much 'down there' as I had my thighs squeezed tight shut.
Instructed them to kneel on either side of me, I turned one knee out, opening my legs slightly. There was an audible breath from them, then obvious disappointment as I squeezed my legs together again.
'I'm guessing you've not touched many girls if any,'
I looked at the neighbour, 'apart from you touching me briefly in the ally.'
He went red, and his cousin looked surprised, so I guessed he had been keeping our secrets. Good boy.
'Tonight, I'm going to help you out a little, so if you ever have a girlfriend, you'll know how to please her.'
I paused.
'With your fingers, that is.'
Then asked in a whisper. 'do you want to see me properly?'
They seemed stunned as I moved my knee out and drew my foot up a little, opening myself up to their gaze before they could reply.
The neighbour and cousin both made to undo their zips, as they had the last time, but I said.
'Stop, leave your jeans on for now.'
They looked confused until I said.
'I don't want you to get carried away and cum too soon' before I've had a chance to enjoy myself. Then, turning to my neighbour said, 'give me your hand. I'm going to let you touch me with just one finger.'
I indicated for him to point his index finger and then guided the tip of it to my clit. His hand was shaking, and I guessed it was a mixture of nerves and excitement, as I was also trembling slightly, my pussy wet from just showing myself so openly. I so love being looked at and was desperate to be touched.
Taking a breath to calm myself, I said. 'This is the clit. It gets very sensitive, so touched just right, it will bring a lady lots of pleasure.'
Pressing the tip of his finger to me a little firmer, I said, 'like this' while rubbing it in tiny circles.
The sensations from the control and being watched intently by these two virgin geeks were incredible. My first orgasm came quickly. I bit my lip, eyes squeezed shut while I struggled to keep his finger to me as he tried to pull away, perhaps thinking he'd done something wrong with how my legs trembled. 'Don't move. It's nice' I managed to gasp, and he relaxed his hand.
As my breathing calmed, I didn't stop. Guiding the neighbour's finger away from my clit I brought it to my slit, moving it back and forth through my folds. Our combined digits spread my lips. I increased pressure until, eventually, the tips of our index fingers penetrated my pussy, pushing into me easily as I was so wet from my orgasm.
The cousin leaned forward, staring between my legs as I pushed the neighbour's finger right into me, holding him deep for a second and enjoying his wiggling it as he explored.
With my permission and guidance, he gently, inexpertly fingered me. The cousin looked at him and asked, 'is it really nice? What does it feel like?'
I almost laugh at the innocence of the question.
My neighbour nodded yes. 'It's slick, smooth and grips my finger.'
The cousin looked up at me and said almost pleadingly, 'can I feel it too?'
I almost laughed as he was so polite.
They spoke as if my pussy was a separate entity; we were all exploring for the first time, which made me smile as it was the first time I'd done this.
'That's what you're here for.' I say. ' But only if you do as I tell you.'
He nods in agreement, so I guide his finger to my clit, as I had with the neighbour, his hand trembling as the neighbours had, and with a bit of coaxing, he rubbed my clit with his forefinger, a little harder than the neighbour, making me squirm, which caused him to pull his hand away.
'Don't stop. That felt nice.' I said in frustration, partly because he was as nervous about upsetting things as the neighbour and had no clue how turned on I was, mainly because the clumsy rubbing, along with the slow rhythmic fingering, was close to getting me off a second time.
I scooted down slightly, frustratingly causing my neighbour to pull his hand away. These two boys were seriously worried about doing something wrong, which was good in a way, as their confidence was so low it was easy to maintain complete control.
Talking to the cousin, wanting to take advantage of their inexperience, I said, 'Why don't you try touching me by putting a finger in, like he has?' indicating the neighbour.
With the biggest grin, he looked between us and slid his hand between my thighs but hesitated, unsure, until I moved my leg, so one foot was on the floor, encouraging him to touch my pussy by opening my legs wide.
Little trembles of excitement ran through me. I'd flashed and given glimpses of myself, and my library date had pushed my skirt up and spread my legs to kiss my pussy. But I hadn't displayed myself like this to anyone, completely naked and open, showing my most intimate parts up close, my labia wet, spread.
For a moment, I wondered how it would feel to be exposed like this in public, not just in the garden and again thought about the collage stairs and the geek audience.
I'd almost forgotten about the cousin and shuddered as his finger grazed me, gently tickling my pussy. His confidence seemed to grow as I sighed and moved my hips to his touch instead of objecting.
With no hesitation, he slipped a finger between my glistening lips, immediately sawing it in and out slowly, copying what I'd told the neighbour to do.
He stared at his finger as it disappeared, taking in every detail and whispered, 'it's so slick'. Being his first time fingering a pussy made things even more exciting for me, and I needed to cum.
Placing my other foot on the floor to the side of the lounger, spread my legs wide, my pussy lips spread, even more intimately exposed. Grabbing the neighbour's wrist, I pulled his hand towards my pussy. This time he needed little encouragement and Started slowly circling my clit with the pad of his finger as I'd shown him to do. I was breathing hard now.
Apart from the library, I'd never done anything so bold or been so sexually exposed, and I don't think I'd ever been so turned on, but still, I had the urge to push it even further, make things naughtier, exposing myself even more.
At my instruction, they both stopped reluctantly, looking puzzled at one another, probably wondering if I'd had enough and that was it.
But it was far from over. I moved onto all fours, the way I'd fantasized about being taken in the library. Bent over a desk in public, my skirt flipped over my back as my library lover used his tongue and fingers on me before taking me for the first time.
It was how I planned on being fucked for the first time and wanted them to play with me in the same position, feeling what it was like to be fingered that way.
However, despite my newfound confidence, I was briefly, strangely nervous, suddenly unsure if I was ready for this. Did I want to be that exposed, pushing my pussy out for these guys to play with, everything open and on display, not just my pussy? This flashed by in a second. I was so turned on at that moment I needed something inside my pussy, fingers on and in me. The exhibitionist inside screamed, of course, you want to be seen.
Kneeling on the towel on the decking, I looked at the guys and said, 'touch me like I've shown you, make me cum again.' then I dropped down on my forearms, back arched, hips pushed back, my pussy and ass fully exposed to them. They just looked on, confused, open-mouthed.
'Don't just stare, fuck me with your fingers like I showed you,' I whispered.
They knelt on either side of me, running their hands up over my legs and buttocks. Almost immediately, the cousin ran his finger over my slick lips, pushing his finger in a bit hesitantly at first, almost as if he was unsure I meant it until I moved back at him.
He was slowly finger fucking my pussy, then as he got used to the feeling, he picked up the pace. Even having the confidence to wiggle and twist the finger around, exploring my inner walls, inadvertently catching my G spot, making me gasp.
Suddenly he pulls his finger out, and I'm about to protest, expecting that he would take my gasp to mean something was wrong like he did earlier. Instead, the neighbour takes over, easing a finger slowly in and out. The care with which he does it completely contrasts his cousin's fast fingering. Almost driving me crazy, making me push my hips back to encourage him to do it a little harder, a little faster.
At first, I think he'd misread the movement of my hips like I felt his cousin had and was going to stop, he slowly slides his finger back, almost drawing out of my entrance, and I wonder if they are swapping again.
Then to my shock and pleasure, I feel him press another finger alongside his first, plunging what I guessed was his index and middle finger deep, moving them faster than he had before, wiggling and twisting them as his cousin had been doing, exploring and rubbing the slick inner walls of my now very wet, very sensitive pussy
Perhaps gaining confidence from the neighbour by adding a finger with no complaint and wanting to see 'everything', I feel the cousin's hand on my buttock, applying pressure to spread me further. Reaching between my legs, he rubbed my pussy lips as the neighbour's fingers penetrated me repeatedly.
I can feel my legs trembling as my orgasm builds, I'd never let anyone except my handsome library stranger toy with my pussy like this or see me in such an intimate way, but I love every second. I feel myself saying, 'please make me cum.'
The cousin shifts position, slips fingers along my belly, through the little landing strip of hair and presses a finger to my clit. At the same time, he reaches under me and squeezes my breasts roughly, but they've had no instruction on how to tease a lady there, as I was fixated on them seeing and touching my pussy.
He circles the finger with just enough pressure for it to feel teasingly delicious and sends me over the edge. My orgasm hits in trembling waves, making me groan out loud. My pussy spasms on the fingers inside me as I reach between my legs, holding his hand still, although his fingers still wiggled, buried deep, making me tense and gasp.
The cousin continued rubbing my super sensitive clit, until squirming, I collapsed forwards flat on my front, head on my arms and huskily said 'enough.'
When the trembling subsided, and my gasping breath returned to normal, I knelt between them, looking at their jeans where painful-looking bulges strained against the denim. Little damp spots told me they were beyond excited and wouldn't last long.
'Take your cocks out.' I said, wanting them to cum on me.
Without hesitation, they dropped their jeans and boxers. Reaching out, I took hold of them, making them both gasp as I thought they were expecting to masturbate over me, not have me masturbate them.
It was a first.
Taking a firm grip, I began slowly jerking them off, asking, 'feel good?'
They were both too far gone to do anything other than nod.
With each stroke, I pulled their foreskin back and forth over the head of their twitching cocks. Neither was large, average going by my library stranger and the porn I'd watched, but they swelled even thicker and longer at my touch, and I was fascinated by them.
The way they twitched and leaked clear liquid onto my hands from the slit in the dark pink, purplish head, which in turn lubricated the shafts as I worked my fingers. The sway and tightening of the balls as they came near, the way the whole thing jerked and pulsed,
I do love to watch.
It didn't take long to get the guys breathing hard, so I quickened my pace, eager to watch them cum, and feel it on me, the cousin being the first to say.
'I'm gonna do it.'
The neighbour tilted his head and hissed between his teeth, 'me too.'
I watched them carefully as they stiffened and began making groaning sounds. 'Go ahead, let go, cum on me.' I said breathlessly.
They needed no further encouragement as they both stiffened, thrusting their cocks forward in my hand, crying 'Ah' in unison so loud I thought they'd alert the neighbours.
An explosion of spunk hit my breasts as I knelt up, holding their cocks tight and close, pointing them at my chest, watching excitedly as spurt after spurt flew from the glistening swollen heads. The neighbour steadied himself on my shoulder, thrusting his hips into my hand, his cousin copying him, causing their cocks and my hands to jerk up and down. I tried to hold their aim on my breasts, but a spurt of cum splashed my face by my lip, and I flicked out my tongue, tasting the saltiness of spunk for only the second time.
Both gasped as their shafts throbbed in my fingers, streams of cum hitting my breasts again as I angled them down, pulling on them until just a dribble oozed from each of the guys. I jerked them, milking every last drop, long strings of goo landing on my legs until I let go of them and sat back, looking at the glistening damp on my breasts and belly, coating my pubic hair where it had dribbled between my thighs, mingling with my own wetness.
A happy stick mess. I stood, not bothering to cover myself, the slightly chill air bringing goosebumps to my damp skin, my nipples stiff standing proud. Despite having just cum the guys were staring at them.
With a smile, I said, 'maybe next time I'll show you how to play with those.'
Laughing at the look on their faces.
Wanting a shower, I shooed them away, smiling at their thanks and excited chatter as they quickly pulled up their clothes and walked down the garden.
As a cheeky farewell, I called, 'neighbour, if you and your geeky pervert friends are interested, I will be using the stairs to the lecture room at lunchtime tomorrow.'
And with a wave gathered up my towel and made my way to a hot shower. A shiver of excitement ran through me as I wondered what it would feel like to have all the geeks my neighbour hung out with, see me, finger me, cum on me.