© 2018 Literocat
[Summer Lovin' 2018 contest entry]
Two years ago our extremely distressed 40 year old neighbor, Florence, banged on our door while screaming for help. When I pulled it open to see where all the noise was, I met Flo for the first time nearly a year after she had moved in. A quick scan showed me her hair was bloody and completely disheveled; she held a bloody towel against her bare chest and her yellow panties were blood smeared. She was otherwise naked and pressing a hand against her upper right thigh as blood overran it, poured to her ankle and left a trail back to her home.
"He tried to kill me! Please help. Call p-p-police and ambul. . . " She collapsed at my door. Her towel fell away and I tried hard to ignore the youthful, firm D-cups staring up at me. As I took the towel and dried off her bloody leg and foot, I called for my wife, Sue, to call 911. After scanning the street for some knife wielding killer then quickly carrying her inside, I used the towel to staunch and pressure the open femoral wound. As I held it closed, I examined the rest of her for other wounds—there were only minor, superficial cuts at her shoulders and waist. Since blood still covered both thighs, I separated them and flexed her shapely limbs in search of other wounds. I asked Sue to bring a wet cloth then wiped her upper left thigh up to her groin—no injury there, though there was a sizeable port-wine stain.
Her thick, soft camel toe pulsing became hard to ignore. There was so much blood on her panties, I felt I had to move them aside to look for hidden cuts. Fortunately, her plumped pussy was not injured. I wiped down all four labia and minimally spread her pretty lips open. Sue watched as I cleaned and adjusted her pussy and quelled the urge to totally invade this beautiful woman.
EMTs and police arrived quickly. The police went next door and found her husband on the floor, covered in blood and sobbing, knife still in hand. Her shredded clothes were in his lap. The EMTs packed her femoral gash then cut away her panties and scanned her whole body before rolling her over to check there. They confirmed my observation that her femoral artery was merely nicked and not cut thru. My eyes widened abruptly when I saw the EMT push a finger deep into her ass and slowly move it around. He said that was a fast check for internal bleeding before he could get her to a hospital. I wasn't sure I believed him, but I wasn't about to question him
She came to as they told me I still saved her from bleeding out. She sobbed and thanked me before she realized she was completely naked before three men and two women—all strangers. The EMT started an IV then wrapped her in a blanket. She hugged me ferociously just before they took her away. As they took her, Sue asked me if her name were just an odd coincidence considering her heavy bloodflow. The question twisted my brows and is still unanswered. The police took a brief statement and arrested her broken husband for attempted murder.
He was a piece of work! When they first moved in, he ignored his doorbell and our reaching out to new neighbors. We tried bringing them our infamous croque-en-bouche, built with vanilla or chocolate cream-filled pâte à choux, but had to leave it at the door when we heard him shouting inside. Our platter appeared at our door the next day with a simple note—"Thank you so much. Sorry about Frank, Florence."
He ignored or barely acknowledged all greetings ever since. The few times we saw Florence outside her door, she was dressed in bulky layers and ankle length skirts despite the warm weather. She would wave excitedly and her youthful, gleaming smile beamed across our grassy turfs until Frank harshly grabbed her and pushed her inside. Ineededto vent my anger forcefully on him—instead, we kept our distance and tried to ignore the abuses while staying alert to help her if needed.
After a 2-month trial, her husband was convicted and sent to serve his 20-year sentence. They divorced after a year. In that time, Flo became close with Sue, but was still embarrassed about being naked in front of me. She visited often, but blushed and left soon after I arrived. She needed more time to cope with the assault and Sue said to also give her that time to get over being so exposed since she was unusually shy. It would be some time before I understood why that was.
Three years after the assault, that began to change while Sue was out on errands and Flo stopped by for support. She was stuck with me and it took several minutes to convince her to stay and confide in me. Shorts and a halter were an audacious change for her since the trial. With shoulders hunched forward and head stooped in embarrassment about still needing support, she gave me a generous and clear view of one full breast hanging freely including, her soft nipple no longer hidden by her yellow halter. Unable to take my eyes off the enticing view, her downcast eyes allowed me to stare endlessly at her shapely hillock as it gently lifted with each breath. I listened to her, but also fantasized nibbling on that luscious nipple. She abruptly stopped talking and I noticed her eyes were locked on mine. Oops! When she looked down at my crotch and noticed the stirring there, she blushed, covered her mouth and ran off.
Nearly a week passed before she dared come back. "I hate to be such a pest, but I'm still a mess," I overheard her tell Sue as I entered the pool patio. After greeting her, her furrowed brow and hollowed cheeks showed her conflict which she painfully disguised by tilting her eyes to the floor. At least she didn't run. She and Sue were side by side on a lounger so I sat across from them. "Al, I'm sorry for running away the other day," she blushed. "I haven't had a man look at me that way, react that way," her eyes fluttered to my groin, "since before I married Frank. He was always controlling and jealous and made me dress fully covered and shapeless, just a step away from a burqa."
That day she was in a daring white halter, free swinging tits hardened her thick nipples and pressed them against the translucent top. I sighed as I stared at their growth and my loose shorts stirred again. Flo stared and this time smiled a tight-lipped smile as she boldly said, "You, um, seem to be doing it again. Is that really because of me or do you have some sort of medical condition?" Teasing sarcasm? Sue looked at my crotch and laughed lightly. I looked down and had to pick my words carefully.
"Yes, Flo, this," I dared to draw more attention to my swelling, "is all because of you today as well as last week. Now you don't need my words to tell you how attractive I find you. You can see for yourself." My dick twitched again. Sue laughed and slapped my knee then hugged Flo. That made Flo's low cut halter billow and reveal her sizeable, full tit and now hard nipple to me; it also forced Sue's loose bikini top to pull away from her chest. Sue deliberately kept Flo scrunched to extend my view of that delicious tit and purposely exhibit her own breast as they both watched my dick swell and move closer to escape.
When I saw Flo's spread culottes reveal her upper thighs and her bright yellow panties, I moaned lightly. Were theybothteasing me now? As Sue looked down Flo's top at her bare tit, I fantasized she would pull it out and bite the demanding nipple. Flo knowingly allowed Sue to hold her as she silently stared into Sue's oversized, billowed bikini and studied her tiny tit and perfect nipple in the bright sunlight. She stole glances at my obvious, unrestrained third leg as it grew. Her breathing got deeper and I noticed a small wet spot on her panties quickly expand. "I-I-I better go before . . . I um, mean I'll see you tomorrow." Before we could change her mind, she raced home.
"Well, that was interesting," Sue commented as she removed her top. Her tiny tits swung freely as she wiggled out of her bikini bottoms. "I sort of hope our shy neighbor comes back and catches me likethis,"she bragged as she flared her sexy, exhibitionist body. "Lose the suit, Al. No need to get it wet. Take it off and hope she comes back at just the right moment, before we're in the water. Youknowshe wants to see your cock now." No such luck. We stood pool side an extra minute or two, my cock wishfully pointing straight out, in the vain hope we could entice her to join us. She'd left our street side gate open, as usual.
Though not as flagrant an exhibitionist as Sue, I stiffened again at the possibility of Flo catching me casually naked in the sunlight. After I told her how wet Flo got, I asked, "Tell me, Sue, how much do you want to suck her big tits and finger her wet and pretty pussy? How long before we ease her, naked, into our pool, or bed?"
"About as much as you do, and as soon as we can. I smelled her arousal and it was heavenly. Yes, I saw her staring at my nipple so there's that happy possibility."
Flo came back the next day in exactly the same outfit. Her translucent halter top seemed a bit looser and her yellow culottes were definitely starched stiffer and pulled up tighter. Their seam appeared to be inside her seam which was plumping and erotic. Sue wore the same blue bikini and I changed into the same dark, short trunks. When we sat opposite each other again, it felt like a practiced deja vu. "I apologize again for my rude escape. I dared to presume you all were teasing and flirting with me. I-I-I know that's absurd, but I felt flattered and, umm desired. When I realized you were allowing me to stare into your open bikini, Sue and you, Al, took away my thin excuse for staring at your, umm, evidence, I was too overwhelmed to think clearly."
In answer, I slowly pulled my shorts higher up my legs, "You weren't wrong, you know. While Sue and I are always happy to listen to you, neither of us can ignore how beautiful and sexy you are. We both enjoyed the view you gave us of your shapely mound, the one with a hard nipple that is, and you can tell by my repeat swelling, that I am enjoying it now. Don't bother covering it up." When she looked at my bulging suit, my dick surged and lifted the legging. By the way she gasped, I was sure she had a solid look at my bishop. I forced it to rebound then stand tall without touching it.
Sue giggled as she pointed to my swollen cock. "It's only fair you should see him, us, naked since we both had such a long look at your naked selfthatnight. If you're not ready yet to enjoy catching some rays naked with us, we can wait. Just know, we both want you to relax with us."
"Flo, I've been wondering, imagining, about how much scaring you are left with." When I pointed and plainly looked up her starched and open shorts, she blushed and slowly, wordlessly spread her legs wider to offer me a clear view. That's when she hugely surprised me; I confirmed that she'd come over commando. Instead of her bright, damp panties, I saw her neatly trimmed bush and her damp, fuzzy labia begin to gape open. Sue's brow rose when I reached across and pushed Flo's shorts higher as I squeezed her firm thigh and asked permission, after the fact, to see her scar. Her smile blossomed as my hand slid up along her shapely leg. "Beautiful," I whispered. Her nod and sigh gave full permission, but her shorts bunched at her groin.
As I pushed them around, her glistening pussy appeared in the bright sunlight and my cock head immediately escaped my shorts. Her breathing doubled and she licked her lips as she stared silently at my exposed manhood. It twitched in response. "I did this when examining you before the EMTs arrived," I said as I pushed her labia apart and lightly entered her sightly moist womanhood. She didn't resist or object. Sue leaned forward for a clear look at the pretty pussy I was once again exploring, and smiled. "I was looking for blood and internal wounds then—that was my excuse for finally entering the beautiful woman of my neighborly dreams."
I began to explore deeper, now including her stiffening clit. "When the EMT arrived, he cut off your panties so you were completely naked for us. We were all still worried about any other injuries, but it was impossible to ignore those firm, shapely tits and your exposed, open pussy. When he quickly pushed his finger all the way into you and twisted it around, likethis," She grunted and acquiesced when I deeply explored her steamy sex. "I nearly pushed him away to preserve some sense of your modesty, but you were unconscious then, so I watched closely instead. He said he'd seen victims of intense abuse and assault cut internally, so he routinely checks for lacerations and blood. You had none. He had one more test you're probably not aware of, but I can't show you now unless you remove your shorts."
As I cocked my head and looked for an answer to that subtle request, I kept exploring her wet and warm haven. Her eyes closed, her head tilted back, and she pushed her hips up to slide my fingers deeper into her. The texture and scent of her blossomed pussy were heavenly. She leaned back on her hands as she enjoyed the beginnings of an orgasm. Sue took the opportunity to untie her halter and slip if off. Flo's two flawless mounds gleamed in the lustrous sun. Sue stood to our sides and, when she was sure Flo was watching, removed her bikini top and shimmied out of her bottom. She winked at me as if acknowledging her delight in being the first one fully naked. Flo, being too distracted by the intense sensations in and around her exposed pussy, barely looked at my naked wife's beautiful, shaved kitty.
Sue reached out to one hard nipple and treated it to our PPR touch—Pinch, Pull and Roll. Flo groaned. When Sue shifted to the other hard nipple and sucked the first one with a little nibble, Flo groaned much louder. I licked my lips then took the other demanding nipple between my teeth. Flo began to shudder, gasp and moan. Her head rolled around as we watched her belly, chest, tits, neck and face grow crimson. She clamped her teeth and screamed "YES!" as her orgasm peeked and she flooded my hand with her fresh nectar. Hoping she had another release in her to flood my face, I watched her intense cum face soften and her breathing slow as she continued to gently hump my fingers. Her eyes widened and her mouth dropped.
"Oh . . . my . . . God! I-I-I don't think I ever had that big, umm, a climax with anyone or even just by myself. Frank rarely got me off and we hadn't had sex for two years before he tried to kill me. That was his reason, you know, when he cut my clothes off and tried to rape me. So, I guess it's been five years since I've had sex with anyone. That was wonderful. Thank you so much . . . " Excellent! No STDs to worry about. Her eyes misted.
"Oh honey, that wasn't sex. It was just foreplay," Sue smiled as she pulled Flo to her unsteady feet and hugged her, nipple to nipple. I unfastened her shorts as Sue continued, "I'm willing to bet you have many more orgasms in you that we are about to release." Still looking at Sue, she blushed, numbly stepped out of her shorts and shoes and inhaled deeply as the sun gleamed off her sweat-coated naked beauty. She tried to cover her hairy pussy, but Sue added, "Neither of us is afraid to crawl thru some bushes to get to a picnic." She moved Flo's hand to her mouth and began sucking her fingers as she gently rubbed Flo's clit. My cock was pointing nearly straight up and fully exposed when Sue pointed to it and told her, "That'sthe sex tool. He nicknamed it 'inspiration' and loves to instill it in me and some close friends. We want you to be one of them."
Her eyes bulged at the offer. When she looked at my slightly above average, in length and thickness, cock, she said in awe, "I've never seen one that big. Frank's was half as long and only as thick as my thumb. May I . . . touch it?" In answer, Sue placed Flo's hand on my throbbing, happy cock and she lightly checked it up, down and under. "It's so dense. I only had one man before Frank and he was much smaller too. I'm not sure . . . "
"No need to rush things, honey. I'm sure you can accommodate my inspiration in all three warm spots—deeply." As I stood and thrust my cock forward, my foreskin leapt behind my crown and startled Flo. Foreskins were new to her too. Sue pushed my trunks to the ground and my cock popped up firmly. Flo gasped and switched to an underhand grip. As she began to slowly pump me, Sue moved her other hand to my balls. "Just be gentle with them, Flo. You can taste them too as long as you only bite softly." I winked at her and savored the unique pleasure of a first-time-naked-gathering with a new, intimate, friend. Flo examined and marveled at my balls as if it were her first time.
After another minute of gentle stroking, I asked Flo to sit again and open her legs wide. She blushed as she gingerly spread her legs for me, then blushed again when I knelt between them and put my face within a breath of her shining pussy. "I really did want to see your scar," I admitted as I rolled her thigh flesh and rubbed her sparsely covered pussy. "It's very hard to see. You were so lucky it wasn't deeper or wider. It makes a great ice breaker on a date or one of our parties—'hey, can you find my death defying scar?'—can't wait to dare a certain friend to find it."
I leaned in and gently kissed the scar, then her rose-wine stain on the other thigh, then her damp pussy. She pulled away slightly. "Don't do that. My stain is ugly and I'm so dirty there, especially now after just, you know . . . No one has ever kissed me there. And your gate is wide open so just anyone can walk by and see us touching each other,outsidein this bright sunshine, and naked as we were born."
"Oh you poor thing. I bet your mama told you your pussy and ass are filthy places—'the devil's playground'." She nodded her head swiftly. "Well, they are not filthy!Especiallywhen you cum. Nature takes care of that during arousal in foreplay by making chemical changes in your pussy that kill bacteria and releasethis," Sue slid her finger deep into Flo's surprised pussy and withdrew it thoroughly covered in her heavenly scented and tasty nectar. She held it under both their noses until Flo inhaled her own aroma then Sue lapped and sucked her finger clean. "Delicious. You will soon enjoy this sweet and tangy flavor, yours and mine, maybe even today.This slippery fluid is loaded with pheromones and is divinely scented, delicious nectar. Don't let anyone tell you differently. Just wait until you experience rimming." Her eyes flicked back and forth as she tried to figure what that meant.
"Your birthmark isn't ugly. It's distinctively you and smooth and interesting. I wonder what kind of tattoo can make it stand out and scream at the world, 'This isme. Fuck you if you don't like it!' A tongue lapping at your pussy maybe?" I grinned at her shock.
"Oh lord! Such language. What a daring idea I never dreamed of." When I held her labia open and rested my flattened tongue on them and her clit, she moaned deeply. "Whatare you doing to me? Did you do this when I was unconscious too? Oh God, it feels so, soh, ohhh . . ."
"No, sweetie. I know he wanted to eat and fuck you, but you were in deep trouble and he contained his instincts. You're not in any danger now, but you might be in a little trouble. The good kind." I mumbled nothing in particular with my tongue still firmly, warmly against her clit and she gasped and moaned in ecstacy. "I wonder how much you have done sexually. Never gone downtown on a woman, I bet. With just two small dicks in your past, you've never done deep throat, but did either of them plunder your ass?" She reached under my chin and rubbed Flo's puckered hole; Flo lurched up in horror. "Relax honey. You've been here over an hour so your rear should be nearly clean. We have baby wipes to further clean it as needed. Have you swallowed cum?"
"Yes. Frank pinned me down under his knees when he wanted to make me suck him." Her face flushed; her jaw clenched in anger. "He filled my mouth then held my nose until I swallowed. I hated the act and the taste. You aren't going to force me to do that, are you?" Her sudden tension was obvious in her ashen face and terrified trembling.
She whimpered a bit when I removed my hot tongue from her sex. "No, honey. We're not going to force you to do anything, but we may encourage you and show you how nearly any act can be an act of love. Even bondage and whips when there is an honored, safe word. We won't go that far unless YOU ask for it in words. Are you ready to cum again and be a little daring?" Sue plundered her pussy under my tongue, but before she could raid Flo's rear hole, I added, "Lean all the way back for me and put your feet on the lounger. Great, now slide a bit just over the edge."
Her wrinkled muscle was spotless so I continued, "Go for rimming back here, Houston. Relax and focus on just your nerve endings. Feel them as I gently rub across this powerful muscle; relax it. Just sense it as it begins to feel like pleasantly rubbing an itch. Yes. Now feel the comfortable warmth I'm sending you." I pressed and held my warm tongue against her ring muscle then licked slowly across it. "I can see that felt good. Now I'm going to roll this muscle and make these nerves happy."
Sue stood over me, resting her hot pussy on my neck as she reached over and gingerly held Flo's cheeks apart for me. Embarrassed at her pleasure, Flo tried to keep her face hidden. I began rolling across her round muscle then pushing just my fingertip into her ass and pulling it out slowly. As she relaxed, I went deeper and heard her guttural moan drag out longer. As frightful tension drained from her, Flo's pink anus flowered open. Trust and arousal lead to letting my rolled tongue slip past the opening and alternate it with deeply probing fingers—first one, then two. Much as I wanted to plug that pretty ass with my stiffness, I knew I wouldn't then go ATM (ass-to-mouth) or ATP (ass-to-pussy). Just knowing that she would surrender that ass to me one day soon was enough to allow me to change positions.
As I stood, I felt Sue's wet pussy slide along my back. Heaven. Flo continued to moan as I lifted her ankles and placed her knees on my shoulders. What a pretty sight her swollen, gaping pussy was. Nectar flowed from her soaked pussy even before my stiff cock found its way there, unaided. Sue watched, smiling, as it split her hungry labia apart and easily slid fully home in one, slow, gentle thrust. Flo gasped and held her breath. "W-w-what are you doing to me? Oh, so good . . . is that your, um, cock inside me? I've never felt so full, so . . . united. Y-y-you're pushing against something inside me I . . ."
"Y-y-yes, that is my happy cock, my inspiration, fully inside you. Squeeze me. Harder. That can be your next lesson after Sue is done—kegels." I began slowly thrusting in, out, in . . . couldn't help myself as I got faster and harder. After watching Flo's labia cling to me both in and out, Sue stepped around to her head. She bit a huge rebounding tit and made Flo squeal in delight. At her signal, I slowed my pounding so Sue could passionately kiss Flo for the first time.
Flo resisted at first, then firmly pulled Sue's mouth to hers and slowly, lovingly wrestled her tongue. I watched as I continued to drill her and saw her slide her hand down Sue's back and cup her bare ass. She squeezed it and wrapped around her leg until her hand found Sue's bald clam. Though she hesitated, she soon began to timidly trace then split Sue's puffy pussy open and inserted a finger tip. I slammed against her pussy and ground my pubes against hers. She grunted, became blissfully radiant and pushed a finger deeper into Sue's snatch.
They broke their lip lock and Flo quizzically stared up at Sue's open pussy as she slid up to the erect, pearly clit which awaited her attention. Sue moaned and closed her eyes as she shifted her pussy closer to Flo's face. My cock surged as I watched my wife present her pussy to a virgin muff diver. Flo spread Sue's inner labia and circled the pink pearl they hid as drops of heavenly dew fell on Flo's hand and mouth. The intoxicating aroma and flavor got to her. She directed Sue to sit on her face and began licking my wife's pussy hungrily, held her labia open to scoop her nectar directly onto her tongue, and both moaned in dizzy ecstacy.
Relieved, I reveled in their joy and lost control. In seconds, I felt my balls tighten, my sperm canon load and fire four strong gouts as I crushed her loins with mine. She beamed crimson as she climaxed and shuddered with her chin locked on her shoulder. Her cum face was a joy to behold. As I savored her warm pussy holding my wilting cock captive, a pesky thought tried to get my attention. I pushed it away as I twitched happily in this beautiful, nearly virginal pussy. As I kissed up her thighs, the thought won—could she get pregnant with my child? Better late than never, no, better to ask sooner than later. It was too late now, so I held my tongue until she was done with her pussy buffet.
Sue flushed, moaned then grunted as she released a small flow of heaven's juice directly into Flo's virginal mouth. While Sue shuddered, I watched Flo lick her lips, and Sue's lips, as she savored my wife's intoxicating fluids. What a perfect way to spend a sunny, summer afternoon. As we three returned to normal blood pressure, I stayed inside Flo to cork her soft pussy and extend my torrid rapture. Sue staggered back to me and knelt between Flo's legs. Before she could object, Sue held her labia closed, extracted and sucked my cock clean of Flo's tasty, aromatic flow then released the river of cum I had deposited in Flo. As she sucked my cum out of her, her talented tongue made Flo lurch and cum again. Sue carefully spread each labium and licked everything clean before slurping my sensitized cock again.
Flo sat up looking shocked. "What was all that? I've never felt or done such naughty things in my life." Before she could add to her thoughts, Sue pulled her face to hers and shared the remnants of my cum with her. She resisted at first, then savored my flavors energetically. After they broke their wet kiss, Flo smacked her lips. "I don't remember cum tasting that good. There was a hint of my own flavor in there too, wasn't there?" Sue grinned and nodded. "I suppose this is just a typical summer day for you perverts?"
"Hey! Watch who you call a pervert now that you are one of us! Remember what I said about the EMT's final exam? When I pushed my finger all the way into your ass today, well, that's what he did. He claimed it was an internal exam, but I think he just wanted to be in your sexy ass while he could." She gulped, wide eyed. "I know you enjoyed it today and I want to do that again with you and let you experience the full spectrum, but after we eat. Don't you dare get dressed again."
As we prepared simple grill food, Flo noticed that our gate was wide open. "Did I leave that open? Pedestrians and people in cars can see us? Oh, sorry, I'm so embarrassed I compromised your modesty fence." She blushed so innocently for one who just had her first open air anal and cunnilingus experience and only her third new cock in her. "Should I close it now?" We both grunted no around our food. As each of us swallowed bites, we looked for who was also free of food and hungrily kissed them deeply and wetly.
We ate at our picnic table with the women on the same bench. Sue straddled it so her open pussy faced Flo. I was on a nearby chair for easy access. But Flo faced me with her knees squeezed closed. Sue had to push them apart three times before Flo left them open for me. "Oh, in case you're worried, I can't get pregnant." After a dozen naked hugs and French kisses—not always on mouth labia—I said I was ready for desert and fingered both beautiful women. Flo laughed, "Haven't you had enough, Al?"
"Of this intoxicating nectar? Never! I want to lick both of you until you cum then I need to cum again too. Erase that doubt, young lady. I can cum at least six times a day. My painful record is ten, but I was truly done by six. How about you get on your knees on the lounger so I can suck your pussies from behind and get a lingering lick of your pristine butt holes?" They looked at each other and giggled then got on the lounger side by side.
After grabbing a thick pillow, I knelt on it and alternated eating two beautiful pussies. Though I tried to avoid comments, appreciative noises escaped my mouth. The women laughed or moaned as I ate them—so good, so tasty! When I licked Sue's rear hole, it blossomed open from habit. Flo's took some encouraging, but finally began to stay open. Once I began deeply fingering both rear holes, they stopped giggling. When they began pushing against my finger, I added a second one. Patiently, I waited for Flo's ass to stay open and relaxed.
"Sue, why don't you get in front of Flo and let her eat your pussy and ass? Flo, if you're ready, I'd like to watch you lick my wife's ass. Focus on the taste of her heavenly pussy, but only the feel, texture, of her sphincter. Notice how she reacts to your tongue. There won't be any taste for you, but smell her musky rear breath. I'll keep licking you as you do that." She gulped, obviously reluctant to taste her first ass.
When I returned to licking and fingering her crinkled muscle, she licked Sue's pussy then spread her labia and licked deeper. As her rear relaxed again, I fingered it with two digits. When she relaxed with that, I slid my cock back in her soaked pussy and thrust several times before shifting it to her bung hole. She lurched, but the tip of my bishop was already in her. I held it there and asked she to relax again. As she fearfully relaxed, I reminded her that none of the acts I asked of her hurt or harmed her. With this new one, she would leap from near virginal status to a much more experienced position and I promised she would enjoy it. Maybe I shouldn't promise that?
Though she quickly caught on to what that next experience would be, that ribald thought allowed her to finger and lick Sue's pink butt hole. She commented on how strong that muscle was. After I got my entire bishop in her ass, I reminded her that her ass was just as tight, strong and warm as Sue's so she could feel the experience from both sides. Once she realized there was no foul taste from licking a clean sphincter, she relaxed more, let me go deeper and became more aware of the sensual feel of Sue's internals. I slid three fingers into her pussy to scoop up more of her slippery delights then licked one finger clean and reluctantly rubbed my cock and her hole with the other two.
Her own slippery fluids eliminated most of the raw abrasion, but the tasty lube still allowed enough friction to fire her sensitive nerves. Just three thrusts later, my pubes were crushing her cheeks and she gasped. "Is that . . .? Are you really all the way in my ass? How can that be with your big cock in me and not ripping me open?" Instead of answering, I pulled her hips firmly against me and circled my cock inside her as best I could. As I pulled back, she gasped and tried to capture it again.
"Relax. If you squeeze too hard, you can hurt yourself. Squeeze gently and let me do the work. Just enjoy the new sensations; I am." She followed direction and I began fully deep, hard thrusts that slammed her ass and rippled her delightful little gluts and her round muscle. She began to gasp and flush. Her head dropped so she couldn't eat Sue. Very quickly, she caught the rhythm and learned when to grasp and when to let go. Her noisy arousal and heavy breathing engrossed me and after about fifty strokes, she came hard, clenched hard, and forced me to fill her ass with my cream. Sue was next to me and watched my cheeks clench and release as I spurted three more times.
Once my sensitive cock stopped spasming, it began to withdraw. Sue quickly handed me a baby wipe since she preferred to avoid ATM. Yet in still another of my wife's paradoxes, she knelt behind Flow and drank my cum directly from her ass. I may never understand her. She loves my cream pie, but then why not suck me clean. I wasn't about to argue.
Once my cock was germ free, I handed another wipe to Flow as Sue continued to lick her rear hole. I asked her to check and clean my rear since it was now her turn to rim me. Her heavy breathing and lightheadedness let her dismiss all objections and she confirmed I was clean and ready to eat. Sue must have done an excellent job back there since Flo's breathing became raged again and she noisily approached another orgasm. I bent over and she spread my hairy cheeks with one hand to expose my tight round muscle.
Surprisingly, she confidently slapped her hot tongue against my hole then began to lick me. There was no chance she would last long enough to make me cum again, so I just enjoyed the trip while it lasted. Flo managed to get a finger tip in me then pushed it in completely. Her fingering needed some attention, but it was still arousing. She managed to get the tip of her rolled tongue in me too, but sure enough, within too few minutes, she came and spurted a bit on Sue's face. Next time that will be my face!
She grabbed for a baby wipe and cleaned her naughty finger. There was one more act I wanted to introduce to her that day. When I turned and she saw my stiff again cock bounce toward her mouth, she gulped and looked up at me. I smiled and tugged her jaw open. Her eyes bugged again in fear. "You can do this, sweetie. This is your third deep hole I mentioned earlier. We know you've never done deep throat, well now you have a cock that can reach that depth.
"You will breathe thru your nose and may pull away if that becomes a problem. Do you have a gag reflex problem? No? That helps. I'll let you chose when to slide my cock down your throat. Once it's there, I'll thrust as deep as I can for the heat of your throat. You can help me cum sooner if you squeeze your throat by gulping as though you are swallowing food. Let me cum directly in your belly and you will hardly taste me. If you like my taste, as you said you did, you can back off enough so my cum fills your mouth. You should allow one or two spurts into your belly first so I don't overflow your mouth—though after cumming twice, there won't be as much volume as I made earlier. That's all the instruction you need."
She angled her head with a silent 'yeah right!' response before opening wider and pushing out her tongue. So BJ isn't new to her. I rested my delirious cock on her tongue while staring into her wide open, beautiful, blue eyes. She nodded slightly then sucked my cock into her pretty face. As I slid along her tongue, she let me knowshewas in charge now by seductively wrapping her tongue around my shaft and pulling it in with an amazing grip. After four deep breaths, she pulled me firmly by both cheeks and swallowed me into her throat. This couldn't be her first time.
Her grip was phenomenal; her hot throat sweltering; her tongue somehow danced around my shaft and I didn't stand a chance of lasting more than two minutes. I tried face fucking her, but only got as far as she allowed. The laughter in her eyes told me she had waited to surprise me. Wow! Did she ever! After playing with me for a minute, she pulled me against her nose, gulped my cock four times and I lost control. While I don't know how much cream filled her belly, I did clench and release five times. She waited until the fifth lurch to pull back and catch my cum on her tongue.
I was breathless as she kept tickling my cock in her mouth and, though I was dry, I wanted to cum again. Her eyes laughed at my surprise as she shocked her teacher and slid her face away from my cock while still sucking it. Sue was just as stunned as I was and allowed Flo to pull her to me. "Suck his cock clean, will you Sue? I think I want his tongue in my mouth right now." What a nice reversal of control.
Another surprise! We hadn't yet kissed, now she ordered my wife to suck me clean so she could French me? Who was this woman and what did she do with my shy neighbor? "I never said I didn't know how to deep throat, just that I had never had amanin my throat before. That has been a long time fantasy and I have practiced it many times with man substitutes. Aren't you glad?"
Oh yes. Yes I was glad, thrilled, shocked and delighted. Sue sat at the end of the lounger as Flo and I kissed passionately above her. She took my cock in her mouth and gently cleaned it then switched to the dripping pussy she craved. Back and forth she went. I'm not a fan of cream pies, yet I eagerly sucked Flo's teeth, gums and tongue of every bit of my pie. Dizzy arousal will do that to you. We were both moaning when Flo suddenly gasped and climaxed with her tongue still in my mouth. Sue, with her finger still in Flo's ass, grinned proudly. As she caught her breath, I pulled and gently twisted her nipple. "A-a-are we done for today? I don't think I can survive coming again. I can't remember when I had my last satisfying orgasm—unlike today's having what, six?"
With all smiles and my arm around her, I warmly kissed my beautiful neighbor again and . . . pushed her into the pool. She sputtered in shock at the cool water and was confused about how she ended up there. "All the hot sex today is the price you paid to use our pool. Since you gladly paid the price, you're welcome! Happy to have you pay up and cum again tomorrow and every day. I may even have a special guest here tomorrow. So, are you . . . coming?" I shouted as I jumped into the pool.
Finally, truly comfortable being naked around us, she laughed and gave us a big thumbs up and splashed me as Sue canon balled into the pool too.
/\__/\( ~ ~ )» * « Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks....==== 19 hr 1700 8/21/18 ==== 7064 words ==== edits 17 ====8/7/18 Seminal image: distressed, injured neighbor visits; increasingly flashes, escalatesgck August 21, 2018