This is my second story written about my precious Kitten but chronologically it's the first. It's the story of how we met.
It's been years since my other story because life has been terrifically busy. Hopefully there will be more as the muse strikes me, but for now here's my new year's gift to Literotica.
~~~~~
She was perfect. That was my first impression. Her beautiful face framed in dark brown locks of hair. Her perky, full tits, capped with nipples of just the right flavor pink. That flat stomach, adorned only with an elegant little navel... eventually giving rise to the barest hint of hipbones before her upraised thighs, her shaved mound, and her fingers slipping in and out of a clearly wet pussy.
The screen shone in my dark bedroom, lighting up my face and desk but not much else. And there she was, this gorgeous creature, fingering herself, getting off to the growing crowd of horny onlookers as they filled the chatlog with a mix of slut shaming, adulation, and (most of all) their best attempts to get her attention. Those who just wanted to cum trying to have her do that one thing they really liked. Those who were lonely or needy trying to be seen as special in her eyes. Some telling her she was too good for this, and she should only do this in private for nice guys who really appreciated her. Still others seemed more interested in agitating their fellow onlookers rather than paying much attention to the sex goddess displaying herself for all to see. Mostly, the rest were like me, just sitting and staring at this naked beauty. Probably masturbating like me, too.
She would occasionally glance at her screen, pausing from her slow teasing to read the log, sometimes making an awkward face at the tide of filth flooding into her chatlog in this dark corner of the internet. Every now and then she might say something in reply to a line of text already lost in the horny chat spam. Sometimes she would just smile. A brief, shy smile which betrayed her facade of boldness. Always after checking the log, her eyes would close to slits, her head would fall back, and she would resume her slow teasing.
I watched her. She was not a skinny woman or a thick woman. Not a tall woman or a short one. There was nothing clearly special about her form, but because of this she was perfect. She was prototypically beautiful. Not average - just right. She was the standard against which all others are compared. I had to have her.
I matched her gentle teasing of her fingers with my own, holding my cock in one hand, leaned back in my chair and pacing myself to her. Learning her rhythm. I anticipated her next log check and began typing in time to ensure my words weren't buried before she had a chance to read them.
"You're beautiful. I want you."
She smiled, said something to one of the others, then went back to dipping her fingers between her parted lips. I amused myself with the chatter for a moment, an argument breaking out between two viewers, each telling the other they had no shot with a girl that attractive. I took my turn to chuckle. They were both right. Of course they didn't have a chance - none of us did. This was pure fantasy. An impromptu internet video chat gets linked on a seedy web forum, and from there the links spread. We were now at 200 people in the chatroom. She would have been a fool to share any personal information given the nature of her audience, so really none of us would hear from her again. No, this was just gratuitous sex with no need for familiarity.
I typed up another entry and waited while my other hand tugged slowly on my engorged cock. She tilted her head toward the laptop again. I hit send.
"I want to be on you right now. Inside you."
A slight gasp escaped her lips, and her hips made a little undulation. I was fully focused on her now. The rest of the crowd melted away along with the chatlog. There were only my cock, my keyboard, and the picture of the naked woman before me. I typed another as I watched her spread her juices over the little button at the top of her pussy.
"I wish that was my cock pushing inside you, teasing your lips, dragging the underside of my head in little circles around your clit."
Another moan. Faster movements of her fingers.
"You'd like that, wouldn't you? To get fucked while all these people watch you."
Her voice this time. Words instead of moans: "God yes." Was the response intended for the now more insistent dancing of her fingers on her clit, or was she speaking to me?
It was getting difficult to stop stroking my cock long enough to type up replies. I was fairly certain she had noticed me, and I was starting to think I'd keyed in to her frequency.
"Let me see you fuck that pussy. Show us all how you like to be filled."
She moaned and plunged her middle two fingers deep inside. Her hips were rocking now, pushing forward to meet her hand, pushing herself against her palm as she thrusted her slick digits into that wonderfully wet pussy.
I couldn't decide what I wanted more: to taste her juices or to feel her slick pussy swallowing me. My hand was gripping my cock tightly now, pumping along with her rhythm. Her pace slowed. I realized she was staring at her screen, waiting for more. I quickly clacked out on my keys, "I'd do it, you know. I'd fuck you while these people watched. I'd lay you down and let them watch your eyes roll back in your head. Let them watch me dump my sperm in your hungry little hole."
Her head dropped back and she moaned at the ceiling. She was really working her hips now, grinding her clit into her palm as her middle two fingers curled up inside. She was getting close.
"Don't cum yet."
An indignant expression, mixed with something else... Disappointment? Her movements slowed, and she cocked her head to one side. Her free hand touched the keyboard briefly and a "?" popped up in the chatlog.
"I'm not ready yet. I want to cum with you."
Something in her eyes changed. Those eyes, I was noticing, were extremely expressive. Something inside had melted, and she had a warm glow even though she hadn't started smiling. She reached behind and pulled a pillow up close, propping against it.
"I want to grab you by the wrist and suck your fingers clean while I slide into you."
A moan, then a pause, then she withdrew her fingers and made eye contact with the cam as she dipped both into her mouth. Just a hint of tongue showed before her lips closed around the two slick digits. She pulled them out as she gently sucked, then returned to them to her needy pussy.
"You're making me jealous. I want to taste."
Her voice soft but confident, "I like the way I taste." A clear thrill on her face as the room erupted in praise at her words and actions. She moaned in spite of her calm demeanor as her fingers curled up inside again. Her eyes fluttered closed.
I picked up my pace. This girl had lit a fire in me, and I wouldn't hold out much longer. I continued matching her now increased pace. I wasn't sure she was going to wait for me, but it didn't matter anymore. I was going to cum. Even seeing her orgasm now would be enough to send me over the edge.
My words were typed and ready the next time she opened her eyes to check her screen.
"Fuck, you're hot. I'm getting close."
She picked up her pace, a satisfied smile wandering across her lips as she ground her hips against her palm again. It felt like we were racing now. She knew she was going to give me an orgasm, and she looked increasingly in a hurry to have her own. Then, she surprised me. She opened her eyes and looked into the camera. "Please," she muttered, then again louder, "Please."
Was she asking my permission? Fuck. Her fevered expression, the flushed color of her cheeks, and realization that she was holding off sent me over the edge. I felt that twinge inside and gripped my cock tightly. I clumsily clacked out "yes, cum for me" and hit send as the first jet of semen leapt from the tip of my cock. She looked at the screen and gasped, a relieved expression washing over her as she pulled her soaked fingers from her pussy and rubbed her clit at a furious pace. Moments later she joined me, her thighs clamping around her hand as her head jerked forward, her stomach tight.
Some quivering and spasming later, for both of us, she opened her eyes and gave that smile that only comes from post-orgasmic bliss. Licking her fingers clean, she twisted to the side, stretching her legs out, lying down, now only her pretty face and glorious C cup breasts visible on the screen. Her eyes left the camera and moved to the log as her fingers touched on the keyboard.
Coming down from my high, the illusion was dispelled. She had gotten off on being worshipped by a room full of randoms, and I had gotten off on pretending we had a moment. I figured she would soon be announcing her departure from the room, but then a box popped up, a PM from the room host: "did you cum?"
Wow. She really had been reading my words. "I did. It was a very nice orgasm."
"mine too :)"
I couldn't help but smile at her. "I could see! Thanks for the show."
"my IM handle is 'kitten' by the way"
I was floored, but I had to play it cool. "I'll be in touch." It wouldn't have fooled anybody if I had also been on cam.
":)" She was smiling on my screen as well as my chatlog.
The image disappeared and the room closed, ejecting the throngs of horny netizens.