Celebrating our twentieth-fifth wedding anniversary was truly a life changing event. Brenda, my beautiful wife was excited about our trip to Costa Rica, a chance to see investment property and a vacation all in one. Neither of us had ever been out of the country and the thought of white sandy beaches and warm Central American water was causing us to be filled with anticipation. The plane ride was pleasant and as with most of our trips, Brenda's 38 Double D's were unrestrained. My normal conservative wife goes native whenever we leave town, that means loosing her bra and that's about it.
We arrived late in the afternoon at our resort and went immediately to unpack and change into our bathing suits. Our room was on the second floor of a multi-story hotel and we overlooked the courtyard and pool area. Even though the resort was on the beach, we though we would start at the beautiful pool lagoon. Brenda said she wanted to shower and shave her legs before going to the pool, so as she showered, I did the unimaginable, at least for Brenda. She had brought two bathing suits, both conservative one-piece items. As the shower water ran, I got my pocketknife and cut the lining from her suits. I have always wanted to show off Brenda's beautiful body, but that's just not her style. I have posted her big beautiful tits on a couple of web sites, but never showing her face.
Brenda was giggly walking from the bathroom into the hotel room and it didn't take me long to realize that not only had she shaved her legs, she had shaved her bush. Normally she keeps a well-trimmed landing strip, but she hadn't had a smooth pussy in almost twenty years. After children and the added years, her body had changed, but she stills turns me on tremendously. Her once 36/C breasts had fallen and expanded and she has become a little soft with her expanded backside, but she is still beautiful and sexy.
Brenda asked me what I had been doing, so I showed her. I was expecting Brenda to hit the roof, but she just smiled and stepped into the white one-piece. I tried to cop a quick feel of her smooth pussy, but she turned and said there would be plenty of time for that later. I did get to admire her full bosom before she covered them with the bathing suit top, but I got hard when the shadows of her overly sized areolas were visible through the white material. I was already in my bathing suit so we headed for the pool.
The pool wasn't overly busy, but it was relatively active. We found ourselves two lounge chairs together. We took turns applying tanning lotion to each other and layback to start our relaxation in the warm sun. Oh it felt so good to be away from the hustle and bustle of life. It was also wonderful to see the bronzed beauties surrounding the pool. I enjoy checking out the women, but the woman I check out the most was my own wife. I also noticed a number of guys checking her out as well.
After about a half-hour under the late afternoon sun, I told Brenda that I was going for a swim. Surprising me once again, she said she would join me. We enter the refreshing water of the pool and talked, hugged and were just playful for several minutes. We decided to go back to our lounge chairs. As Brenda was stepping out of the water I saw her thin white bathing suit was almost transparent. The wet suit with no lining clung to her curvy body as if she was wearing nothing at all. I knew she hadn't realized how much of her was on display and I wasn't about to tell her.
I looked around and saw the number of admiring eyes that were focused on my wife. Brenda realized so many people were staring at her that I halfway expected a scream and makes a mad dash for her towel, but instead, Brenda seemed to go into slow motion. I could tell that my normally shy, conservative wife was enjoying the attention as much as I was. I couldn't contain myself and my dick swelled. So there we were, by 46 year-old wife of twenty-five years with her bodacious body on display and me sporting a tent in my shorts. I found that I was the one making the mad dash for my towel as Brenda slowly followed.
Brenda and her big smile sat next to me with neither of us saying a word. I was a little embarrassed and Brenda laughed at me. Soon we were both laughing which got worst as many of the men made their way past us to get a better view. Brenda was soon ready to go back to our room, but first she said, I want once more swim first. I was instantly hard again as I just sat and watch Brenda walk back to the pool's edge. Brenda slipped into the water, looked back and smiled and then swam to the opposite side, the furthest point away from our lounge chairs. I was expecting her to swim back but instead, she climbed out of the pool across the way and slowly walked around the pool ensuing that anyone wanting to get a view of her body got a good one. I didn't know what was better, the view of my sexy wife with her tight, form fitting and see-through suit or the looks of the others watching her. Both the men and the women admired her and some of the women hit their man for staring. I was as hard as a rock.
Once Brenda was back to me, she suddenly got into a hurry as if she was panicking to get out of there. I thought she was suddenly embarrassed, but soon found out differently. Brenda took my hand and quickly led my hard-on and me to the elevators. We were the only ones in that elevator and as soon as the doors closed, she was all over me. Never in the twenty-five years of married or the three yeas together before we married, was she so out of control. She passionately kissed me as she pushed her body into mine. She pulled her big beautiful breast from her clingy suit then pushed it to the floor. With her naked body in front of me, her one arm was around my neck as her other hand made its way to the front of my shorts and soon into the waistband.
Brenda wasted no time as she dropped to her knees and pulled my shorts down on her way. My wife that hadn't sucked my dick in years was now doing it in the hotel's elevator. Our room was on the tenth floor so the doors were soon opening. Luckily, no one was there as she pulled me into the hallway and headed us toward our room. I nearly stumbled as I was trying to pull my shorts up as she was pulling me. I finally gave up, grabbed my shorts and sprinted bare-assed naked with my naked wife to the rooms door. Once at the door, I fumbled for the key-card, which was in the pocket of my shorts, and no sooner than I got the door open, a couple across from us opened their door. They started into the hallway as I heard the woman kind of gasped as my sexy wife and I tried to make it through the door at the same time. We were laughing like school kids and the couple got great views of our bare butts.
Once inside the room, Brenda was like a wild woman. She kissed me passionately before yanking me to the bed and pushing me back. I was lying on the bed as she pounced on top of me. She threw her leg over my head and pushed her pussy onto my face as she wrapped my cock with her lips and sucked me in. It had been years since we had been in the sixty-nine position and it felt great. I wasted no time burying my face into her glorious pussy and began to lick with all I could muster.
Brenda was deep throating me like a vacuum stuck on a knob. It felt great! But no matter how great it felt it was no comparison to her sweet pussy. I must say that in the years we have been together, her pussy was as nice as it had ever been. I loved lapping her erect clit causing her to moan. But today it was different as I got to lick her smooth love lips. As Brenda sucked harder I licked faster. She was pushing her groin into my face as her moans grew louder and louder. She came once, then twice, and finally a third time before rolling over.
Still acting as a wild woman, she yelled for me to shove my hard cock into her waiting pussy. I spun around as she spread her legs and plunged into her wet womanhood. Brenda screamed and bucked wildly as I pounded her sweetness. We were like newlyweds going at it like it was our honeymoon. I pumped and she met each of my thrust. The bed was shaking and the headboard hammered against the wall as I made love to my wonderful wife. Brenda came again and again. I finally let out my own loud moan and spilled my spunk into her hot box. For me it was spurt, after spurt, after spurt before I collapsed into Brenda's bosom.
I thought we were done but Brenda had other ideas. She was satisfied. She began to roll out from under me so I rolled off her. Our bodies were wet from the tropical moisture and I loved the sheen covering my dear wife. She looked down with a devilish smile and threw her leg over me and covered my face with her well-used love box. Never in all the years we had been together had we done anything of this nature, but I experienced my first cream pie. Brenda rocked her pussy forward and backwards over my mouth and nose as my cum emptied from her hot pussy into my waiting mouth. I had tasted my cum before, but not I was drinking it with the mixture of her hot juices. I loved it!
As Brenda rode my face, I drank our juices and started licking her clit. I watched as she closed her eyes, as she apparently needed to cum some more. It didn't take long as Brenda began moaning ever so loudly and finally came with what appeared to be the longest and hardest organism I have ever witnessed. It lasted for more than a minute and she was finally done. She nearly fell to the bed and into my arms. For the first time in nearly an hour, the room was quiet except for the sounds of our breathing.
The afternoon sun was almost done and we laid there in silence, as the room grew darker. The outdoor lights came on and it was then that I realized that the curtains we wide open and almost anyone across the courtyard on our level or above could have witness our love fest. I wonder if we have any watchers and I held my naked wife that had drifted off to sleep.
I let Brenda sleep for about an hour before waking her and asking if she wanted to go get some dinner or if I should order room service. She indicated that she was tired and asked that we order room service. I slipped from the bed and took the room service menu with me to use the light of the restroom. Brenda asked why I took the menu to the other room and I took her about the open curtains. Brenda surprised me again and turned on the room lights leaving the curtains wide open. She then walked around the room naked saying that if anybody wanted to see that they could look. Stunned, I just smiled and called in our order.
Brenda turned on the television and we talked. I asked her which one of us would answer the door when our dinner arrived and she smiled and said she would take care of it. She went on to say that she planned on being naked whenever we were in the room and that she was going to wear as little clothing until we reached home. It was now my turn to smile.
About twenty minutes later there was a knock at the door. Brenda giggled and told me to hide in the closest and enjoy the show. As directed, I quickly stepped into the closest and Brenda in all of her naked glory went to the door. I didn't have a good view, but I could see that she boldly open the door wide. She was overly friendly and stepped aside as a young man pushed a cart into the room. Being that Brenda speaks fluent Spanish, the delivery guy and she held a conversation that I couldn't understand. I could see that he was enjoying being with this naked woman and she paused and walked to the dresser. She pulled some cash as for a tip and "accidently" dropped the money. She then bent over giving both this man and me a wonderful view of her plump backside and her smooth kitty.
I was about to explode! I couldn't help myself as I started stroking my hard member as Brenda turned and handed the guy the cash. She led him to the door and hugged him good-bye, rubbing her oversized breasts into his arm and chest. Once she closed the door, I nearly attached her. I said to heck with the dinner and push her onto the bed. I wasted no time and pushed her legs apart and enjoyed her smooth pussy for my appetizer.
As I licked, Brenda said, "So you like me showing other guys my body?"
I was too busy to stop and answer, but I moaned a yes and continued to devour her sweet pussy. It took only another minute or so and Brenda was cumming again. I wanted to take her, but she stopped me and said we had plenty of time for that later and that we should eat. She stated that I would need energy for all she had planned for me. I smiled and we pushed the cart to the balcony.
Brenda and I remained naked while dining on the balcony. The balcony light was dim, but if one looked that could see that we were not dressed. We noticed that most of the people had their curtains open and we even saw a couple of other people in states of undress walking about their rooms. At one point, I noticed a guy across and a level above just standing and watching us, well, watching Brenda. After about ten minutes, I told Brenda about her admirer.
The surprises for the day just kept coming. Brenda stood, turned and once she spotted the man, she gave the guy a big wave causing her breasts to sway back and forth allowing him an excellent view of her boobs. The guy, with a big smile on his face, returned with a big wave. The movement of the two of the caught the attention of a few others and before long, I counted six people watching my naked wife. As her waves and smile grew bigger, so did the swelling of my manhood. I had to stay seated to hide my erection. Brenda, on the other hand, was again enjoying the attention and was now loudly talking with two or three of her admirers. Before the night was over, she was well known and well observed by over twenty people.
It was getting late and like newlyweds, we made passionate love again before drifting off to sleep. While Brenda was as sexy as ever, it was different this time. We just seemed to connect better and it felt good. I was also worn-out and I did the typical guy thing of slam, bam, thank you madam and I rolled off and went into a deep sleep.
Brenda entering our room saying, "Good morning sleepyhead" awakened me mid-morning the following day!
It was after ten in the morning and Brenda told me she had been in the retail shops at the resort and bought a couple of items. We decided to spend the afternoon looking at investment property and kind of get that out of the way so we could enjoy the rest of our stay. I called our real estate contact and he agreed to pick us up after lunch. I dressed so we could eat poolside before we departed. Brenda slipped on a loose fitting dress and sandals. The island style dress purchased that morning allowed me, and any other onlookers, great glimpse of her free hanging boobs. I didn't object.
Lunch poolside was very pleasant. Several people walked by and said hi to Brenda, so obviously she had become popular from the night before. One guy walked up and said, "Hello Brenda, it's nice to see you again."
He had put an emphasis on "see" so I'm getting he was talking about seeing her naked on the balcony. Both he and Brenda turned a little red and they both smiled largely as he walked away. I thought about asking what was up, but thought I'd let it pass.
We met Miguel in the lobby and sat to talk about the properties and our intentions. He was directly across from Brenda and I noticed him checking out her legs, especially when she would cross or uncross them. She was wearing panties so I know he was treated to a few beaver shots (Sidebar: if she is shaved smooth and has no hair, is it still a beaver shot?). Soon we were in his car off to see the first set of condos. Brenda made sure to get in and out on his side of the car. So finally I watch and saw my once conservative, shy wife had become a pure exhibitionist. Miguel didn't seem to mind either.
We looked at eight different properties but didn't find the right one. Miguel dropped us at the resort and we told him we would be in contact with him. We were really enjoying this place and wanted a place we could enjoy throughout the years, but just didn't see the one that reached to us. We headed for our room to relax before dinner.
Once in the room, Brenda immediately removed her dress and stepped onto the balcony. The early evening air felt nice and she was soon talking to several others around the courtyard. Ms. Popularity was again enjoying her naked self as she spoke with her new friends. I still couldn't believe the transformation of my lovely wife. I joined her and wrapped my arms around her. I even played with her wonderful boobs some, maybe just to be a showoff to her new friends.
Brenda reacted by pushing her soft backside into my groin and my growing erection. As Brenda tosh pushed and wiggle, I nonchalantly pushed my shorts over my hard-on and let them drop to the balcony. I don't think anyone could tell what I was doing. Brenda felt my hard cock poking into the crack of her bottom so she bent forward giving me easy access to her waiting love hole. And what I mean by waiting, she was already wet. She was obviously enjoying exposing herself even more than I had realized.
Brenda was mid-sentence with a guy across the courtyard when I gave a little shove and my cock filled her wet pussy. She let out a gasp and a pause before she could get her words out. I just stood there with my cock buried in her pussy as she tried to carry on her conversations. After a few minutes she took a deep breath and told her friends she had to take care of husband's needs and we dropped to the balcony floor. I don't think anyone could see us, but most of them figured out that we were on the balcony having sex. This wasn't the first time we have had sex on a hotel balcony, but the one only other time was on our honeymoon twenty-five years earlier.
Brenda got on all fours and I was on my knees behind her. I love this position, especially on occasions like this time when I could see her reflection in the sliding door glass. I just love watching her big hanging breasts swing back and forth as we push our bodies into one another. The excitement of the day, the fact that so many others were so close knowing we were making love, my wife's moans of pleasure, and the sight of Brenda's boobs rocking put me over the edge. I felt my balls tighten and each pump of my hot cum was as enjoyable as I have ever felt. The hot cream filling Brenda's love box put her over the edge too. She, of course, moaned even louder signaling to everybody within earshot that she was cumming and cumming hard.
We collapsed on the balcony floor and it got quiet for a moment or two. Someone started clapping and we soon were receiving a warm round of applause from several people in the courtyard or on their balconies. I was content to just lay there and hold my naked wife, but she stood, bowed, and blew kisses to her audience as if they were her loyal subjects and she was their queen. I lay there and watched her with a big smile on my face until I finally crawled to the bed and collapsed again. Brenda joined me a few minutes later and we laid there in the silence.
We decided to walk the market place and find a sidewalk café for dinner. Brenda stepped into a white shorts suit that was a pair of shorts with a bib type front to it. The type of short suit that a woman wears a top with, but not Brenda on this trip. She was gorgeous and oh so sexy! Brenda's skin had some sunburn redness. She was wearing white sandals and red nail polish on her hands and cute feet. Her back, shoulders and arms were bare and from the sides I could easily see the sides of her big beautiful breasts. Over the course of the evening I got many glimpse of parts of her nipple. Additionally, the bib top only went mid-breast high and whenever she would lean forward or being that I'm so much taller than her, I could see the tops of her entire breasts, including her nipples. And it wasn't only me it was everyone else too.
Heads were spinning before we got through the hotel lobby and that type of attention continued as we walked the main street to the restaurant. The service we receive was impeccable. Our water glasses were never empty and each person attending to our table got an eyeful of Brenda's big beautiful breasts. "Heaven! I think I'm in Heaven," played in my mind.
On the way back to our hotel one guy stopped directly in front of Brenda and stared down her little bib top. The woman with him, his wife I assume, punched him until she got his attention I don't think he realized what he was doing. I felt so proud and couldn't wait to get back to our room and make love to my beautiful sexy wife. Today I still kick myself for not taking photos of Brenda dressed that way and around the hotel, especially the balcony.
Once back in our room and as with her vacation routine, Brenda got naked and went to the balcony to see which of her acquaintances were there. She was only out for a few minutes and I was ready to attack her. But instead, she said she just wanted me to hold her for a while. We cuddled for a while and talked about nothing but sex and expectations. She told me she was loving showing off and appreciated the attention. She then told me her pussy was tired and she asked if she could just give me a hand job. While her hand is not comparison for her sweet pussy, I wasn't about to object.
The following morning we slept-in before heading to the beach. Brenda wore the other one-piece bathing suit, a bright yellow one that was even thinner that the white one. It also seemed to be a size too small, which caused it to cling to every form of her body. This included the camel toe of her pelvis. This didn't seem to bother her and she boldly strutted out the room door heading for the elevator and down to the lobby. We followed the signs through the courtyard and out to one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen. The water was a clear blue and the sand was fine white sand.
It was mid-week and we were one of the very few people on the beach. We chose one of the many vacant cabanas and plopped ourselves into the lounge chairs. One of the resorts cute and scantily clothed waitresses quickly took our order. Not wanting to get burned, we took turns rubbing lotion onto each other's body and relaxed. There were several sailboarders to our right and a jetty to our left. It was a perfect place to relax, especially after the long day before. We rested for over an hour before we walked toward the water. The water was as warm as bath water and felt good. We splashed a little and went deeper.
Brenda's yellow bathing suit was almost non-existent. She was virtually nude once it was wet. I was a little disappointed that there were so few people around. We had been there for almost two hours and had only seen a small handful of people, including a small tour group of what appeared to be Japanese. They all had their cameras handy and they wasted no time in snapping photos of my Brenda. At least they got to admire her beautiful body, and they got to have keepsakes, especially the guys with the telephoto lenses. I'm sure they were getting great photos of her. Once Brenda knew what they were doing, she did her best to give them the right poses. She would also bend and turn allowing them views of her entire body.
I was sporting a tent in my trunks and didn't even care. The tour group moved on, but Brenda wanted to ensure my needs were met. We were in knee deep water so she went to her knees, pulled my trucks down, and sucked my cock in the mid-day sun. In between sucks, she pulled her bathing suit top down and asked if this was a topless beach. I didn't know and didn't care as I was getting a great blowjob from my wonderful wife in the middle of the day in the great outdoors.
Brenda has always enjoyed receiving oral sex, but had never been into giving. Previously if she even though that she tasted pre-cum she would gag and stop. On this get-away things were different. She was sucking me and stroking me trying to make be cum. I did, and she swallowed it, all of it. She even looked up at me and licked her lips making sure she had captured all of it. Well satisfied, I led my wife back to the cabana. We stayed for another couple of hours before making our way back to our room.
As we walked through the courtyard, Brenda suggested that we rinse off the salt water at the showers near the swimming pool. I wondered if she was really interested in rinsing off the salt water of if she was looking to get her suit transparent again. Regardless, she was in her transparent suit stepping out of the shower. She then suggested that we swim for a while. I think Brenda just liked being observed, as she made sure she went to the far side of the pool before jumping in. Swimming in the refreshing water was nice, but swimming with my sexy wife made it even nicer.
After the swim Brenda walked around the pool talking to the others poolside. The sun was setting behind the building and I was ready to leave. The exhibitionist wife of mine just talked a little longer. We finally started for the room. As we were entering the elevator for the short ride to our floor, Brenda told me she was tired of the bathing suit and had it off just as the doors closed. I was hoping someone would be waiting for the lift on our floor, but no such luck. She did strut naked from the elevator to our room. We entered and I went for the restroom for a real shower.
Brenda joined me in the shower and yes, you guessed it, we had sex in the shower, another thing we hadn't done in over twenty years. Afterwards I soaped her luscious body and dried her once the water was off. She did her make-up and took a little longer than normal. She dressed in a different tropical dress she had purchased the previous morning, a dress that was transparent cream. After the day in the sun, she had a sunburn glow. The contrast of the thin dress made her look even more radiant than normal. I also loved the way her boobs bounced in the dress as she walked.
We enjoyed a nice dinner, great conversation, friendly admirers, and good music from the live band playing in the club. After dinner we walked hand-in-hand to the club to listen to the band. Neither of us are much of dancers, but we did dance to a couple of the songs before finding a dance floor booth. We sat and sung to the oldies and watched the others on the dance floor.
A gentleman about ten years younger than Brenda walked over to us, introduced himself as Javier, and asked me if he could ask my beautiful companion to dance. Brenda giggled and without reservations, I encouraged them to have fun. Javier led her to the dance floor and they danced song, after song, after song. I sat and watched as he at first danced her over to the other side of the dance floor to an area that made it difficult for me to see them. Although the view was limited, I could tell he was no gentleman at all. In fact, his hands were all over her.
I watch Javier's hands make their way from her shoulders to her butt cheeks, squeeze them and then back up. He was slowly working her body, as he would pull her into him. Yet another surprise, Brenda was allowing him to have his way. She seemed to move with him and did nothing about his hands. To make things even more interesting, Javier started kissing Brenda and she was returning them.
I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do. I just sat there was my hard-on watching another man fondle and kiss my wife. My mouth was dry and I was uncomfortable, but I couldn't take my eyes off of them. As strange as it seemed, I was getting more and more excited watching them.
Javier hands were now not just doing up and down her body, he was pulling her dress up and he was squeezing her fleshy cheeks. I wasn't the only one watching as I noticed other dancers looking at her bare cheeks with his hands on them. He now had only one hand on a butt cheek and his other was inside her top. He was feeling one of her breasts as he continued to kiss her. By now most of the dancers were watching Brenda and Javier.
The band announced they were going to take a break and Brenda led Javier to our booth. I watched her walk and observed her left breast was clearly visible hanging out the side of her top. Part of me wanted to run cover her, yet I really wanted to rip her dress off and let everybody see her bodacious, naked body.
Brenda hugged and kissed Javier good-bye and he walked away. Once Brenda was seated she asked me if everything was Ok and I just shook my head yes. I think I was grinning like a proud papa knowing my beautiful wife was attracting so much sexual attention and I said nothing about her exposed boob. I just admired her bare flesh and held a conversation with her like any other horny couple out for the evening.
Even though my cock was sore, I wanted her again that evening. We went back to the room for more lovemaking. I was hoping it would be more like a quickie, but Brenda was so turned-on from her dance experience that she wanted me to eat her pussy. I tied to lick her to just one climax, but she pushed my head back into her pelvis and squeezed me with her thighs. I licked her to a couple more orgasms before she'd let me enter her. I came, rolled off, and was soon sleeping like a baby.
The next morning Brenda woke me and said that she had been to the beach and started working on her all-over tan. When I questioned her about the all-over tan, she said the beach near where we had been was clothing optional one and that she had been nude sunbathing. Darn, I thought to myself, I miss seeing my wife naked on the beach. She also told me about how many people were there and meeting some of the people she had talked to the night before at the pool. My morning wood was a full attention as I realized these others had now seen her naked up close. Of course I wasted no time getting onto the bed and started off my day with some good Brenda sex. I asked her if she put on a good show and if the others were naked and she replied with that devilish smile, "Wouldn't you like to know!"
I did want to know and I wanted to go to the nude beach. I have never been to a nude beach and I didn't care about getting naked in public, but I wanted to see Brenda naked on the beach and see the other naked women. Brenda pulled one of my t-shirts on and said let's go. I was right behind her and I did enjoy the show on our way. My t-shirt didn't cover her full-size behind and I could plainly see her butt cheeks as she walked. So if she was coming toward me I could see her big beautiful breast bounce under the shirt and as she walked away, you fluffy buns were on display. Mmmmmm...was all I could think!
The clothing optional beach was only five minutes further than the beach went had spent the afternoon on yesterday. We walked around by the jetty and there were hundreds of people on the beach, many of them naked or barely dressed.
Brenda suddenly stopped and pulled the t-shirt over her head and removed her sandals. She said, "That's better," and we walked on. Brenda was fully nude prancing on the warm sand. Many eyes were upon her as she walked to a spot that was in the middle of the beach. I quickly spread my towel next to Brenda and went face down to hide the banana in my shorts.
Brenda, on the other hand, took her time to spread her blanket. Before sitting on it she asked if I was going to remove my shirt and shorts. I pulled off the shift and took her I needed to leave my shorts on for a while. She giggled like a school girl as she knew why. She started to apply sunscreen to my back and told me to roll over. I did as she pulled my trucks off. Naked, she lotion my front, including stroking my lotion covered cock. I pushed her hand away and rolled back onto my stomach. She then made sure my buns were protected and she me to lotion her.
Now batting, Manny Motta, Rivers back to pass, runners on second and third, LT off tackle to the left for a touchdown were the thoughts I was putting into my hear trying to make the hard-on go away but it didn't help. So what, I thought to myself. I then worked up the courage to kneel next to my naked wife and rub the sun screen on her back. I took my time ensuring her entire body was covered, especially her pale white bottom. I was giving her a nice massage while protecting her skin. I finished her back and she rolled over.
Brenda was now on her back and I started with her arms and shoulders. While sporting my hard-on, I rubbed the lotion onto Brenda's big beautiful breasts. I was enjoying myself when I noticed that I wasn't the only one enjoying Brenda's boobs. I guess my attention of rubbing and kneading her mammary flesh was getting the attention of others on the beach. A couple walking by said hello and gave a big smile while a couple guys stopped from their beach walked and just stood and stared at us. Brenda just smiled and enjoyed being the center of attention.
I worked my way down Brenda's torso and across her soft belly. Before I could make my way to her pelvis, Brenda raised her knees and spread her legs slightly making sure that anyone walking by and I got a good glimpse of her smooth pussy. I knew she was excited as the folds of her pinkness were glistening in the sunlight. She was getting wet just from being the exhibitionist she had become and from my work on her sexy body.
I rubbed lotion on the thigh of the leg closest to me and then pick-up her leg and placed it on my shoulder. Now the view of her wet pussy was more than just a glimpse, it was a full on view of her wet pussy. I acted like I was just giving her leg a massage with lotion, but I was allowing her a little more fun.
Once I was finished with the first leg, I released it and jumped to the other side of her body. Instead of picking up her leg I just spread them wider and make sure the other leg received a generous amount of lotion and massage. Brenda's eyes would scan the people staring at her and those that seemed to be walking back and forth just to get a better view of my mature wife's sweet love lips.
Once I returned to my towel I had to lay on my stomach otherwise it would have looked like a flagpole was protruding from my groin. As I rolled over I noticed the big grin on Brenda's face and we settled down and enjoyed the warm sun on our bare bodies.
I relaxed and watch the numerous nude and nearly nude people on the beach. There were people of all ages and all sizes. I especially enjoyed the number of large breasted and full-figured women walking around with their boobs on display, but not a one of them was as exciting to me as the big breasts woman lying next to me.
I drifted off into a light sleep when I was awakened by the sound of Brenda holding on a conversation. I listened for a couple of minutes before looking to see Brenda speaking with a nice looking younger couple that had spread their towels just a few feet from us. The woman was topless with nice, but smaller sized tits, and the man couldn't help himself as he just stared at Brenda's Double D's. My ego and I smiled proudly on the inside.
Brenda realizing that I was awake slapped me on the backside and asked me if I wanted to go into the water. We stood and walked naked and hand-in-hand to the water. It was weird to be walking nude in public, but it felt nice too.
Although it was warm out, we were able to walk right into the small waves without that typical chill difference as the water was warm too. We went almost chest high, just deep enough for Brenda's nipples to be touching the waterline. With a smile on her face, Brenda splashed me a little to get my attention before she drove under the water. Brenda is not the type that likes to get her hair wet so this was unusual for her, but her mouth was soon sucking my soft penis into her mouth. Like a spring reaction, I was now as hard as a rock.
Brenda surfaced and with a giggle she asked me if I liked it. Like it, I loved it. Brenda took a deep breath and dove under the water again. With my hard cock now back in her mouth, she sucked a little while I admired her under water nakedness. Her surfaced, exhaled, took another deep breath and was again sucking on my underwater hard-on.
This time she was under water for almost a minute before surfacing. After catching her breath she threw her arms around me and started kissing me. In between kisses she thanks me for such a wonderful trip and let one of her hands slip under the water and fondled my hard-on and balls. She moved to my side and was now giving me a wonderful hand job even though there were several people in the water near us and many others on the shore just a short distance away. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the attention of my wife.
My breathing intensified and I was getting ready to shoot my seed into the seawater. Brenda was nibbling on my earlobes whispering some sexy statements when I said, "I'm cuming!"
No sooner that the words were out of my mouth, I felt my balls constrict and my liquid being released from the tip of my shaft. It was then I opened my eyes to see the young topless woman that had been next to Brenda standing no more than five feet away watching me. I shot three more squirts as she said, "Thanks for the show!"
I came back to reality and realized what had happened as Brenda and the young topless woman began to laugh. I felt my face turn red, but thought I would go with the flow. Brenda threw her arms around me and gave me a big kiss before we splashed around and enjoyed swimming nude in the great Pacific. After about another half-hour in the water we went back to our towels.
I again lay on my stomach to hide my privates, but Brenda just sat down and crossed her legs. I soon had another hard-on looking at her sitting there with her oversized breasts on display and her legs crossed exposing her sweetness for any and all that walked by. And many walked by getting a great view of her pussy.
Before long we knew that it was time to go back to the resort. Brenda stayed naked as we packed up all our stuff and we both waved and said goodbye as we walked back to our resort. It wasn't until we reached the end of the clothing optional beach that Brenda pulled her T-shirt out and put it on.
We walked hand-in-hand back to the outdoor showers of the resort pool. Brenda rinsed her body and the wet t-shirt now see-through clung to her body. I rinsed as well and we walked on to our room with Brenda getting the stares and comments from those we passed. Once in the elevator, Brenda removed the shirt and started getting frisky with me. By the time I got the door to our room open, we were both naked. Brenda was as horny as me.
Brenda continued with her surprises and propped the door open. She wanted to make sure that anybody walking down the hall had the chance to see me making passionate love to her. I didn't care and pulled her to the bed and wasted no time in spreading her legs and dove between her legs to her wet pussy. Her clit was engorged and I licked and sucked on it bringing her to the first of many climaxes.
Brenda was out of control with excitement. She spun over, swung around pushing her sweet pussy back over my face as she bent forward taking my cock into her mouth. She sucked me in until she was at the base of my hard shaft. She was a little rough and she sucked and slid up and down on me. She then stopped and yelled, "I want you in me!"
With that, she swung around again and mounted me. It felt nice as the tip of my cock slid past the other lips of her pussy and into her wetness. She bounced and bucked on me. It felt good and I truly enjoyed Brenda's tits as the bounced up and down, then back and forth. The expression on Brenda's face was one of pure delight. She moaned, yelled, and scram as she came, came again, and then again. I don't know if anybody from across the courtyard looking in our open windows or if anybody walked by, but if they did, it was a scene of excitement on that bed in our room. Brenda collapsed on me and soon snuggled next to me. With the door wide open, the two of us lay naked on the bed and fell asleep. We must have sleep for an hour or two as it was dark when we awoke.
Later that night it was evident that we had gotten too much sun as we were both red. However as we recounted the events of the day we got so turned on that did manage to find a position for sex where neither of us was too uncomfortable. Brenda was on the bed and I stood and make sweet love to my bride in the doggie position. Of course I especially enjoyed it as I could see the reflection in the mirror of Brenda's massive tits sway and bounce. She would push back against my groin as I would thrust into her wet womanhood. The excitement of the day was more than I could handle and I exploded into her as she cried with excitement. Brenda was done and so was I. We collapsed onto the bed and were soon fast asleep.
The next morning we unfortunately had to pack for home. We knew that our trip was going to be a fast one, but the time was way too short. Brenda said she was going to remain naked as long as she could. Once ready, we called for the bellhop and true to her word; she waited until he had our bags on his cart until Brenda reluctantly grabbed her dress and slipped it on over her naked body as we were walking out the door toward the elevator.
The taxi ride to the airport could have been uneventful except that Brenda was to get the last bit of exhibitionism out of her system before returning to the routine of her life. We sat in the back seat of the taxi and she slid into the middle of the bench seat. Her legs were on each side of the drive-train hump and that caused her legs to spread and the hem of her dress to ride up. I noticed the taxi driver had adjusted his rear view mirror so that he was getting a nice view of her smooth kitty. He was having problems staying in his lane and she pussy on display nearly caused him a couple of accidents. I was smiling somewhat on the outside and was pleased on the inside too.
Brenda knew exactly what she was doing and would look at the scenery to the left of the cab and then to the right. As she looked from side-to-side, she would shift her body and move her knees ensuring the taxi driver the best possible view. Once we arrived at the airport, the driver hustled around to open the door and help us out, well at least help Brenda out and she didn't disappoint him. She slid toward the open door and turn with one leg to the ground and the other still well behind the first. The hem of her dress rose to a point that it was just below her waist but well above the parting slit of her sweet sugar shack.
I watched as Brenda's eyes made contact with the driver's. They stared momentarily at each other before Brenda looked down at her exposed pussy and looked back at him again. She smiled, he smiled and she then stepped from the taxi. Brenda reached to his outreached hand and he helped her to the curb before going to the trunk for our bags. I asked Brenda if she had some cash for trip and a tip, but when she tried to pay him he said we didn't owe him anything. Brenda smiled and handed him the twenty and followed me to the terminal.
Going through security was quick and that was a good thing as we arrived just as they began boarding the plane. We got in line and a few minutes later we were boarding. Brenda was walking ahead of me and I wasn't really paying attention as I was looking over the tickets to verify our seat location. I heard Brenda say, "Hi, fancy meeting you here!"
I looked to see the young woman that we had spent time with on the beach just the day before, the same woman that watched Brenda give me a hand-job in the water. Brenda and the young woman acted like old friends while I felt my face turn red with embarrassment. She was one of the flight attendants and asked us what seats we were assigned. I stuttered answering her, but was able to get out the seat numbers which were in the back of the plane. She said hold on a second, checked some papers, and told us to take the first two seats in the plan, seats in first-class. I guess getting the upgrade caused me to lose my embarrassment and we sat down.
About ten minutes later we were on the runway for the trip home. Once airborne we were treated to first class service. We had about a two hour flight and about an hour into the flight Brenda whispered into my ear, "I'm horny!"
I stood and retrieved a blanket from the overhead compartment. Once Brenda was covered, she pulled the bottom of her dress to above her waist giving me free access to her waiting pussy. My hand was soon between her thighs and I was slowly teasing my sexy wife. I traced the lips of her smooth vagina and would lightly graze her clit. Brenda's breathing was getting heavy and I could tell she wanted more. At one point she reached under the blanket and tried to force my hand into her pussy. She then said, "I want you!"
I knew what she wanted and I had always fantasized about joining the Mile High Club. Brenda called our flight attendant over and whispered into her ear. I saw the young woman smile and nod her head. Brenda looked around and took me by the hand. She pushed her dress down and led me to the first class restroom.
Before the door was even fully closed Brenda was removing her dress. She knelt and pulled my cock from my shorts and had it in her mouth in record time. I also noticed Brenda slip one of her hands between her legs. Brenda's hand was moving even faster than she was sucking. But once she had me hard, and that didn't take much time at all, Brenda stood and sat on the tiny restroom sink and spread her legs.
My beautiful bride reached for my hard cock and led me to the sweet spot between her legs. In one motion I push as Brenda pushed to meet me and I was in her wet pussy at an altitude over a mile high. Brenda moaned as I grunted and it didn't take long for me to be pumping my seed into the folds of her womanhood.
As I pumped my liquid Brenda lost all control. It was then that her soft moans became screams of pleasure. I tried to muffle them by covering her mouth with mine, but she made so much noise that I knew that anyone close to the restroom would know what we were doing in there, but Brenda didn't seem to care. Our movement slowed and soon stopped. Brenda fell forward into my arms as I reached around her and just held her.
We stayed embraced for several minutes. I even heard our flight attendant say to someone that the first class restroom was out of order and that they would need to use the restroom at the rear of the plane. Brenda used some Kleenex to handle my liquid that was running down her legs and we cleaned up. I finally opened the door and we emerged from the restroom. I noticed several people look at us with most of them smiling. One woman had the expression that she smelled a bad fart and obviously had a hang-up with consenting, married adults having sex, but her disapproval was soon overpowered by her husband giving me the thumbs up.
We returned to our seats and all three flight attendants were soon standing near us. The young woman that we had been on the beach presented us each a set of wings with the words mile high inscribed on them. I had forgotten that we were joining a club, and what a fun club to it was to belong too!
The captain announced that we were descending into our destination and the flight attendants had to go about their duties. The rest of the flight was uneventful until we were at the gate and the cockpit door opened. One of the pilots stepped though the door and a flight attendant pointed us out to him. As we deplaned he shook my hand and handed me a disk. He said with a smile that since nine-eleven the entire plane is under video surveillance and the co-pilot and he enjoyed being our voyeurs. Brenda turned and gave him a big hug and we made our way off the plane.
Brenda made sure that anyone that cared to see down the top of her dress got a chance as she would bend over to help pick up the luggage and we were soon getting into our car in the parking lot. Once in the car Brenda removed her dress and said she liked being naked. Too bad for everybody else that it was dark and I was the only one able to enjoy the show, but I knew with the changes of my once shy conservative wife that there would be many more opportunities in the future.