If you haven't read the chapter 01, you don't need, there is no sequence in these memories, they will go back and forth and can be read independently from each other.
Although we broke up back in 2015, I still cherish some good memories from Jessica, my ex, 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat", natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)! Those memories are good specially because I had a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
This story is based on true facts but I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination...
____
In 2010 I have booked a weekend in a nice hotel in Viana do Castelo, called Flor de Sal, because we used to go to a nearby beach called Amorosa.
We arrived Friday before dinner, did the check-in and after put the all the luggage in the room, we went for a quick snack in the big city mall, buy some food for next day and check the sales.
In the mall we had some fast food dinner, went to supermarket and finally proceed to shopping, just browsing around looking for any opportunity.
After checking some shops, in one Jessica found a jeans skirt, maybe 25cm length, quite short for her standards, but she like it. But it was very expensive for such small amount of fabric, around 80€. She went to try it on and, well, it was amazing on her - she hardly wear skirts but with her long legs that was such a waist, she had legs to die for and that skirt was just perfect fit.
Jessica begged for ir but I wasn't very keen to buy it, so she started to bargain for it: "If you give it to me I'll blow you tonight in the hotel!"
That sounded interesting but I wouldn't give in so easily - and she was kind of horny that day, so I guessed she was already planning on that. Therefore, I raised the stakes: "And you do topless this weekend at beach!'
She got red and a little furious, rolled her eyes and gave me a counter-proposal: "Only tomorrow and you either get me topless or a blow-job tonight, you choose!"
So I did: "That's not fair, should be both days... but if I need to choose, you know what I'm in for... topless tomorrow, for sure!"
"Well, if I find something else I like and you buy it for me, maybe I can consider Sunday topless too...", she said.
"Maybe, no... 1 article, one day, 2 articles, two days! And it's a deal!", I fired back while my dick twitched.
"Yeah, yeah... can be, but only if I find something else I really like", Jessica agreed.
We did roumage around until the shops start to close, but I couldn't convince her to take any second article. Sad... but, at least, I got her to do topless the following day.
Back to hotel, with both excited, we end up making love - and though she did a handjob as part of the foreplay, she didn't suck me. But I did, I do loved her salty taste and when she had her slit trimmed or bald, which she usually had on summer time, I never passed the opportunity to go down on her!
Saturday
After wake-up, we got ready to breakfast and go to the beach, and when I noticed she was putting her bikini top on, I protested: "Hey, you are supposed to be topless today, remember, I wear it?"
"And I will, that's the deal, but doesn't mean I can't wear the top!", she said for my disappointment. I always wish Jessica to go to the beach and leave the top in the hotel, but she never did that. And today wasn't going to be the first time, again.
Later, once we got to the beach, just 15 minutes drive from the hotel, we did the normal walk to the north far end of the beach, past the umbrellas and families zone, more crowded and noisy, and we kept walking north around 10 or 15 minutes to our usual less crowded spot, where people would camp like 20 meters or more from each other, giving everybody some privacy.
We lay down our towels, put the windshield (it can be very windy there) and umbrella and we started stripping our minimal clothes until we get only in our bathers. But Jessica didn't took her top off immediately.
I looked at her with ther expression "What the hell?" and when she saw me, she said: "I said I will do topless and I will, but not yet. It's early and we are staying full day, just hold on your horses!"
Frustrated, I took my book and started reading, always checking her with one eye and around us for neighbors with the other, it's common to do topless in that zone, so I had to be attentive. And not much later, another couple arrived and camped around 15m from us, more close than normal. After all the preparations, their windshield was blocking us to view them, but suddenly I saw a top being thrown and hold on the windshield, half cup to our side, the other half on their protected side. But there was no doubt, the other girl was on topless.
With that I called Jessica to attention telling her she wouldn't even be the first that day (sometime ago I realized that once one woman goes topless, it's easy for others to join) and she didn't reply but as she rolled over on her belly, asked me to put sunscreen on her back.
I happily agreed and getting the bottle, positioned myself next to her and did what I always did first - untied her bikini top removing the straps to the sides, giving me full access to her back and side boobs, and started applying the white cream.
The carrot smell of the sunscreen was very sexy and as I was applying it and having access to most hidden parts under the bottoms or the sides of her boobs, my dick started to come to full attention, showing a nice tent under my loose shorts. Jessica did nothing to stop me touching and every now and then she even made some pleasure noises of the massage and touches I was providing her.
After I finished, she raised on her elbows to get the phone and check some messages and removed the bikini top from under her and with a sly smile, passed it to me, telling "just hang it there on the windshield too, if it gives you pleasure..."
I was in heaven even if she wasn't rolled over yet, but she gave me the top and while she was supported on her elbows her boobies and nipples were on display for me or whoever care to look - though at that moment only the couple nearby could see her if they weren't on the wrong side of their windshield...
About half hour later we heard some noise and both of us looked to the other couple, who had get up and was heading to the sea. But the girl had covered her boobies, sadly.
Jessica noticed too and told me "Seems that she is not so brave, after all...".
"Maybe it's just to have a dive, once she is back to towel probably will remove it again", I commented.
"Well, if she does, I will turn over!", Jessica replied to my delight.
A few minutes later, the couple returned, removed the sand from the towels, drink some water and did all the normal chores we usually do before laying down again, and I was checking them to try to understand if the girl would resume topless or not. I don't need to say that I was in the same page of my book for at least half-hour by now...
And, to my satisfaction and with a big grim, I announced to Jessica, "Look, she is taking it off again, look, she is still standing up" and on that moment Jess turns her head in their direction and sees the girl removing the top and putting back on top of the windshield, before go down and lay on her towel. She was shortie, dark blond with short hair, but had a nice pair of melons and couldn't see a big colour difference from the boobies to the rest of the body - she was a regular doing topless, for sure.
And, as I kept poking Jess, she raises herself again and says "well, a promise is a promise, right?" and with that she rolls over to her front.
I volunteered to apply sunscreen on her puppies but she didn't allow me, taking the bottle and doing a nice massage to herself - and again I had a big tent on my shorts!
Time passed and before lunch, where we had our sandwiches, yogurts and juices bought on the mall's supermarket the night before, she wanted to go for a dive. I never dive in the north of Portugal waters, they are way too cold for me, but Jess likes it. She stand up on her knees, still in topless, and teased me to go with her: "I will go like this if you promise to dive with me, baby" but just the fact of Jess being so casual with her topless scene, when she usually is much more reserved, made my dick raise again, so I had to tell her "I can't go now, look at my tent here" motioning to my obvious hard dick!
"I don't care", she said, "if I can go topless, you can go with your hard-on, you still will show less than me!" she argued back to me.
But I was stupid and passed the opportunity, another thing I regret up till today! If it was today I would even take my shorts off too if that was the price to pay to have Jess topless faraway from the protection of the windshield and towel.
With that Jess put her top back on, went for a dive and once she returned, I had to go again through all the instigation process to have her topless again.
But, eventually, she stayed topless most of the day, even while having lunch, just covered to go to the sea until we returned to hotel by the sunset.
Sunday
We get up late after making love before we go to bed and when we wake up we did it again, a quicky, our hormones were high with all the teasing from the day before. Then we had a strong and nice buffet breakfast, packed our things and did the check-out so we could finally go back to the beach before we go home in the end of the afternoon.
But, being Sunday, even the far end of the beach was much more populated, and though I could see some girls in topless, I didn't managed to get Jess topless all day, except when she was on her belly that she would allow me to untie the bikini straps, but always covering herself before roll over.
Well, I couldn't win always and that saturday is forever cherish as one of the best memories I have from her.