[An Account from the PRISM Chronicles] Part 7
Chapter 1
Cranking Up for the Long Trip North
"Hayden, how close are you to being ready to leave?" Parker Scott called out to her lover, Hayden Wellington, from the bedroom of Swamp Central. She and fiancé Mark had married the year before, and their union had been more wonderful than she'd imagined.
One of Mark's desires for his wife was that she be free to enjoy the affections of the rest of their PRISM team whenever she desired. It was not long after Hayden Wellington had attracted her interest during theBeautiful Menshoot that she and the strikingly handsome young man six years her junior had begun their torrid affair. It had become a permanent relationship, now. Her husband was entirely happy with it.
His heavy, wavy, waist-length coppery-gold hair, his unusual creamy skin, and his prominent breasts, from a childhood abnormality, that he enjoyed immensely, coupled with his maturity had fastened her in a constrictor-like grip.
He, in turn, was captured by her dark beauty, her irrepressible good humor, and the loving tenderness with which she treated him. Parker electrified virtually all of his desires and fetishes. She had long, black hair, an amazingly dense growth of soft body hair that she cultivated with pleasure and pride, and world-class breasts that he had immediately categorized as 'top-heavy.'
Her lovely face hinted at the thick, soft body fur only to the extent of a light but definite, delicate shadow on her upper lip and the unusually heavy growth of soft hair that began in front of her ears and grew back into the dense mass of the black, wavy mane cascading down her back.
Hayden could never restrain his urges to caress her great breasts, in itself a source of great delight to his older lover. Her cleavage was enviable; her breasts were firm for her size with fat, pointed nipples that literally demanded attention beneath or out of whatever she wore. And as a part of the PRISM executive management team, she loyally supported the company's line of extremely sensuous clothing and underwear.
Hayden himself was the most delicious man she had ever known intimately, second only to her husband Mark Campbell, of course. He was twenty-four, four years younger than she, and the training with Mark had developed a powerful body. His mass of reddish-gold hair grew nearly to his waist in waves and ringlets that any woman would die for. The skin of his body was a delicious, smooth feature without a single mark or growth of hair save for the dense tuft of golden fur sculpted above his thick penis and ball sac.
He had one physical feature that drove Parker to a delicious heat every time she saw it or thought of it. Hayden had experienced gynecomastia, an abnormal glandular swelling of the breasts in young men that usually passed away with maturity. Hayden's had not; in fact, his breasts had enlarged and had developed prominent, very sensitive nipples.
He had refused his parents' desires that he undergo corrective surgery, as had PRISM's tranny girl Ashwynde with a similar experience, choosing instead to keep his unusual physical trait and to display his breasts with pride. Friends and observers had often characterized him as the most beautiful, sexy man they had ever seen. During his first year with PRISM he had actually won a national contest forAmerica's Most Beautiful Young Man.
Not long after they had met and fallen in love Hayden, at Mark's urging, had his nipples pierced and decorated with ¾ - inch gold rings. The artisan who performed her work on him ensured that the holes in his nipples allowed the rings to swing freely, another tasty little morsel that aroused Parker no end.
For all of her very large breasts and her lusty pleasure with them, Parker simply 'lost it' sexually over her young lover's full and firm breasts. The two of them had been asked to leave three restaurants and two malls during dates in which they could not keep their hands off each other.
Hayden was aroused by the fact that, while Parker had expressed her deep love for him and had left almost nothing undone by way of sensuous sexual heroics with her young 'Golden Boy' as she called him, she also wore Mark's one-carat diamond engagement ring and his diamond-studded wedding band. The sexual implications of this excited both the lovers.
"Gorgeous boy of mine, what would you like for me to wear on this first day of our trip?"
"How about that sleeveless yellow, cropped tank top that stops just below those gorgeous babies we know as boobs, and your black denims with the Dan Post boots? And no panties underneath!"
"You're an erotic beast, young man" she laughed in reply. "I know what you really want. You want me to show off my underarm grass and the fur on my tummy. Everybody for miles around will know that I'm a hairy girl. Is that what youreallywant?"
"You know, Gypsy, your perceptive abilities are simply stunning. You're right on target!"
"Hayden," the dark beauty leaned over to embrace him, "I adore your calling me that. Don't ever stop...please. I really have that bloodline in me, and it's important; it's your intimate name for me."
"You really are my sensuous, dark, hairy beauty, Angel. Intimacy with you is a great gift."
"All right, I'll wear what you asked for. And I'm not going to make any effort to keep from stretching or bending over. I want you to wear that gorgeous hair unbound, your faded blue denims with the Tony Llama boots, and that short-sleeve blue chambray shirt. And you have to leave it unbuttoned halfway down your front. If you want people to see all my underarm bushes and my fur-covered tummy, I want them to see those gorgeous, squeezable, nice tits of yours with those rings that bounce around!"
Having staked out their fetishes for each other, they set about dressing for the trip. Hayden and Parker had packed the diesel camper the night before for their company-sponsored trip to Montana on another gold-hunting excursion. Ashwynde, the tranny-girl who ran PRISM's exploration division, treated them to her enviable body in a light and very short yellow shift as she made breakfast.
Parker finished dressing, such as it was, before Hayden, and she strode into the kitchen where she greeted the redheaded girl with a deep kiss, gently grasping Ashwynde's firm penis beneath the short dress and caressing it as she searched her throat with her tongue.
"Good Lord, Parker! Coming at me this way and you dressed like that...you're begging for me to rape you, hairy girl." She laughed joyfully after Parker withdrew her tongue from her mouth. "You have to be the best kisser on the property. I hope you aren't going to kill that gorgeous young man before you even get to Montana. Look at you."
Ashe stepped back and slowly circled Parker, making comments as she did so.
"Your hair and nails are perfectly lovely. How long are those talons now...four inches...five inches? Love it! That half top is perfect; it's tight enough to show off your tits and I can see your nipples almost as if you didn't have it on at all. It juuusst barely covers the lower curves of those huge beauties. Now the arms...baby, your underarm grass is simply museum quality.
"God, Parker! How did it ever grow that long and that thick! I know when people see you, they either want to turn away with dislike or they want to screw your legs off on the spot. That shortie top shows your underarm fur perfectly. I've never been much for growing my own body hair...but, girl...you make me want to!
"Now for the jeans. I love you in denims and boots. Betcha haven't got anything on underneath, though."
"Yep!" the young woman replied. "I've had my share of people who criticized me about my underarm fur and made sure I knew it. But a lot more have actually told me directly that they like it, that it makes them hot, and that they have never seen a woman with so much of it. I've had a number of very sweet propositions, all of which I've politely declined, of course. But more people seem to like my grass than dislike it. And besides, Hayden adores it. I keep him hot all the time."
"Well, you'd better, Parker. He is absolutely gorgeous with that reddish-gold mane and those waves...not to mention those sexy tits of his and his luscious, big, fat cock...wooops! I'm sorry, Parker...I didn't mean to be so ill-mannered. But you know more than any of us that he's got a beautiful stick."
"Better believe it!" she replied with a laugh. "He takes me apart so regularly that I often wonder what will happen if he fails to replace all my pieces. I am so in love with that boy."
At that point Hayden walked into the room. To say that he had Ashwynde's and Parker's immediate attention was a gross understatement.
"Oh, Lord, I have died and gone to Heaven!" exclaimed the tranny girl, feeling herself become delightfully hard as steel underneath her light dress. She walked over to the young man and kissed him wetly, slipping her hands inside his shirt to fondle his breasts.
"You aren't merely a handsome man, Hayden. You are simply gorgeous to any woman or man with an ounce of sense and a normal sexual desire. That hair is stunning, more so than mine. It certainly is as long! And your boobs are...oh, delicious... Honey, you simply have big tits, so get happy with it. I'll tell you this, you're in danger of being attacked sexually wherever you go. As lovely as Mark is, there is something magical about you and your image. Please save some for me when you get back," she stated matter-of-factly to everyone present.
"I promise," he laughed, glancing at Parker and seeing her nodding with approval and a lascivious grin.
They ate, then went their separate ways in preparing for the trip. Hayden walked behind the house to start the new all-purpose camper and exploration support truck, a Peterbilt Model 579 that had been specially modified by the company for PRISM Designs, and pulled onto the packed gravel apron in front of the house.
Chapter 2
A One-of-a-Kind Camper
Diesel engines fascinated Hayden since he was a child. He liked their deep, throbbing strokes and the heavy rumble-rattle of their valve trains and tappets as they idled. Later, in the course of his burgeoning auto and diesel parts business, his father augmented his son's interest with several lengthy courses at a good community college where Hayden acquired a pair of certificates testifying to his proficiency in diesel mechanics. He topped this off by earning his CDL, commercial diesel license. The young man of Parker's intense interest was no novice as he drove the large rig into the front yard of Swamp Central.
The truck was new and boasted individual leather captain's chair-type swivel seats with an aisle between them that opened to the camper area in the back. The engine was a beefy in-line 6-cylinder Cummins turbo-diesel, the X15 Performance Model; it cranked out a peak 605 horsepower and was equipped with an eighteen-speed low and high range manual transmission. The floor-mounted and slightly offset shifter stood just to the right of Hayden's driver seat. Though Hayden did not anticipate ever having to do so, the machine was easily capable of hauling a 60,000-pound load.
The camper housing was itself an invention of PRISM working with Peterbilt and a Midwestern contractor. Both exhaust stacks were chromed steel and topped out at only eight inches above the rear body for less visibility. The entire roofline was cab-height, box-shaped, for its entire length.
On the right side a door opened to fold a set of steps outward, much like those on private jets, for people to enter and leave the camper. On the left side Mark and Hayden had designed and ordered construction of a econd door, the lines of which were nearly concealed from view in the junctions and rivets of the steel side paneling. This door opened quickly to allow the extension of a ramp.
Dual pairs of truck wheels and Dunlop tires with two shaft-driven axles supported the long cabin. The cabin itself was designed for comfort with several long and darkened windows on each side, an attractive layout of a roomy kitchen, bathroom-shower, two sleeping areas on both sides of the aisle, and an all-purpose area for work and gatherings.
The very back of the camper body behind the practical living area held a compartment with a small, well-equipped workshop and two off-road battery-powered exploration vehicles. These were unloaded on a ramp at the rear of the body. Their batteries were copies of a new military design using extended range construction with a range of fifty miles over uneven terrain. Their silence compared to the noise of gasoline engines was unquestionably an asset in what they were going to be doing.
Other compartments cleverly concealed in the walls and beneath the vehicle provided storage for a variety of weapons and ammunition. No one at PRISM hosted the slightest notion of the basic goodness of mankind. Too much personal experience, not to mention common sense, taught otherwise.
"Okay, Parker, baby," called Hayden as his lover kissed everyone goodbye. As the big truck idled, exhaust lazily drifting from its two stacks, she opened the passenger side door, grabbed the chrome handle to assist in mounting the high seat, and hauled herself into the comfortable but firm leather chair.
Hayden, never one to miss an exciting view, marveled at her breasts bouncing and swaying beneath the short top on her way into her seat. As Parker buckled into her seatbelt she smiled lasciviously at him.
Her breasts remained half visible because of the pull of the seatbelt strap. "I always like to be comfy when I travel, Hayden. Especially when I can show off to my Golden Boy. You do know I love you, don't you?"
With that, she settled into her comfortable chair and stared ahead without speaking. Hayden said goodbye to Ashwynde and Arabella, pushed in the clutch, and downshifted for the exit from Swamp Central. They were on their way.
"Hayden, this place looks like the cockpit of an airplane. Can you give me a quick tour of all this?" She gestured across the crowded dash panel in front of them.
"Gladly, me gypsy woman. Because this thing is a diesel there's a lot more going on than if we were using a gasoline vehicle. The dials in the instrument panel in front of me include a speedometer and tachometer, a coolant temperature indicator, turbocharger boost level, and its temperature and ten other operating features. The one just to my right in front of the shifter gives me cabin temperature, oil temperature, oil pressure, air tank pressure in both systems, and a few additional toggle and rocker switches that operate the other goodies on this mobile lab of ours.
"The second panel of dials next to it and closer to you shows the hydraulic pressure for both doors, battery recharge capability for the ATVs, light display outside the truck and engine manifold temperature. Next to them are the button switches that operate weapon panels back in the cabin and one or two other goodies that shall ever remain nameless. Finally, these six dials indicate the environmental add-ons that actually decrease emissions and add horsepower, a stunning accomplishment for a government agency like the EPA!
"This shifter that you so crawl over so sensuously operates our transmission and it has a high and low range for use depending on the sort of terrain we are on. That's what this switch is on the left side. That yellow push / pull knob on the dash operates the air brakes when we've stopped."
"Nice job of translating, lover. Are my babies a sufficient reward for now?" Parker pulled up her short top to display her full cleavage trembling delightfully with the truck's movement.
"Oh, help me, Lord!" exclaimed Hayden as Parker drew her naturally curved, red-painted five inch nails over her nipples. "I believe it'll have to do for now. But I warn you, furry kitten, you are in mortal danger when we stop for the night."
"Ahh, just what I wanted to hear," she replied in a coarse whisper as she reached behind her head to tie her hair in a pony-tail, exposing her underarm thicket.
"You just keep doing things that get me all aroused, Parker. Don't you have any mercy?"
"Not a bit for a delicious piece of man like you, Hayden. Look at you with that gorgeous soft red mane curling around and half covering your sweet face and hanging all the way down to your ass! And those pretty boobs and pointy nipples and those rings I can see from here with your shirt unbuttoned.
"Actually, I'd like for you to stop this truck and jump me on the spot. I'm telling you this right now, Hayden...I want you to wear your tight tank shirt tomorrow, I don't care where you have to go or who you have to see. I want to see you with that gorgeous mane and your big, pointed tits, and I want everyone else to see you, too"
"Okay, you driven woman! Are you sure...because when people see my boobs they can't make up their minds what to think. The nipple rings probably add to their confusion."
"I'm sure, lovely man."
He glanced at her, expecting to see her smiling, but she was completely serious. "Parker, I am so in love with you. We'll enjoy each other tonight, I promise. And I will do that for you tomorrow."
"We'd better, Golden Boy...for your sake." This time she laughed deeply and turned to look out the window at the I-95 terrain whizzing past.
A few minutes later Hayden again did one of the things for which Parker adored her young lover. With a maturity uncommon for a youth of just over twenty, he asked her for a detailed report of the background of this expedition in treasure hunting in the wilds of Montana.
"Okay, dark beauty, tell me what you know about the Bannack, Montana, gold rush and what our plans are from here."
Then he settled back in silence to listen to her.
Chapter 3
An Old Man's Discovery
With the authority of a professional who knew what she was doing, Parker Scott began an unusual tale of a simple man's discovery of gold in Montana long ago, mass hysteria, violence, incredible wealth and a hanging still remembered to this day.
_ _ _ _ _
Granville Stuart was a prospector...it sometimes seems as if nearly everyone out west was...who, with brother James and their cousin, Reece Anderson, was busily working a small and rather poor claim in Yreka, California.
In 1857 the trio decided to quit the back-breaking work for a time and return to Iowa to visit family. They got as far as a small community south of what is today Pocatello, Idaho, where Granville became seriously ill. He spent the next two months getting well, but while he did so he had a chance to hear rumors of placer gold or easy-panned gold flakes in part of the Dakota Territory.
They moved about, listened to others talk and just knocked around for a time. On April 4, 1858, the group moved to Deer Lodge Valley, back then part of the Dakota Territory. It later became part of Montana. Ins and outs of Granville's life finally got him and his brother onto a small camp around Gold Creek, Montana. They renamed it American Fork, and town was born.
The key to all of this isn't 'who actually found gold?' The important thing is that all of these gold-hyped people rubbed against each other, swapped facts and rumors, bet on the likelihood of a strike...and some of them like John White actually searched for a serious strike.
White was one of those who rubbed shoulders with everyone else and enjoyed it immensely. He was working along Willard's Creek that was discovered and named by Captains Meriwether Lewis and William Clark who led the expedition ordered by President Thomas Jefferson. On July 28, 1862, he was panning out the gravel of Grasshopper Creek and dodging the pesky hordes of insects that gave it the name when he and his team really hit pay-dirt. They struck a bonanza. This began the Montana Gold Rush.
People began pouring into the area and the digging spread out up and down the creek. The miners named their settlement 'Bannock' after a local tribe of Indians with whom they had good relations. As usual, however, when Washington received the registration for a post office at Bannock, Montana, in honor of the Indian tribe, someone screwed up a simple name and assigned 'Bannack' to the location, instead. It stuck.
By fall of 1862 while the Civil War worked up the steam to eventually become the most savage conflict America had ever known or would know, around 500 people inhabited the area around Grasshopper Creek; by the onset of that winter $700,000 worth of gold had been gathered in the creek.
Here a peculiarity of the entire strike and its location becomes apparent. Much of the terrain along the creek was limestone, a type of earth that almost never contains gold naturally. Moreover, with no gold either upstream or downstream from the strike, obviously the source of the gold had to be in the cliffs and high ground above the entire location.
The best current studies of this phenomenon seem to agree that there was a time of relatively widespread volcanic activity in southwestern Montana. That's hardly strange since the entire nearby Yellowstone caldera and its current belchings and rumblings that teeter on the verge of some sort of cataclysm are evidence of just such a thing. In the process the limestone walls of the surrounding canyons were forcibly shot through with large masses of molten magma from deep inside the earth.
As one source explained it, "The rock formed by the hardened magma was the most common igneous intrusion...and that is granite."
When nearly white hot lava slides into contact with limestone, the reaction creates a large variety of minerals. As all of this hardens, it forms an outer shell over the granite that divides it from the limestone. This mineral-rich zone can be relatively thin or as thick as several hundred feet. This is the geological makeup that the miners recognized from long experience and that they found above and around Grasshopper Creek.
Before the weather changed for the worst in 1862, a serious gold strike was on and miners, prospectors, thieves, whores, draft-dodgers, deserters and con men were pouring into the area. It didn't take long; what always happens where these conditions exist became a reality.
Crime skyrocketed with robberies of miners carrying their gold from their diggings to town; cheats practiced centuries-old skills; con artists who could make anything seem like what it wasn't plied their trade with a vengeance; gambling parlors and saloons flourished where a man could get shot for very little or nothing at all. All of this became the order of every day.
At first, as the gold discoveries became richer and richer, the citizens, especially those from back East where a modicum of law and order held sway, tried to deal with events themselves. But these weren't usual times. And the gold was incredibly rich, some of it as pure as ninety-six percent. The nuggets weren't the typical gold from other areas...these were larger and rounded on the edges, resembling small solid rocks of the precious metal.
Men kill for a whole lot less than this wealth that almost lay around for a minimal taking.
Chapter 4
Telling Secrets
By the time Parker had finished this much of her account, Hayden was trying to digest it and at the same time could not completely concentrate on driving and history; Parker found a variety of reasons to twist around, shift in her seat, unbuckle her seatbelt, bend over to get something from her bag, and stretch catlike with a delicious regularity.
This of course exposed her breasts that she gently jostled, making them quiver like masses of gelatin. Hayden knew that she was just waiting for a chance to get out of the truck and, in his company, skillfully display her generous assets in whatever restaurant or service plaza they happened to be. Since Hayden was extremely aroused by and encouraged these public displays, he knew that he'd be rock-hard during the process. And Parker knew it also.
Finally, when they reached Orlando, both agreed that they really did need a break. Parker strived to be civil, but her cut-off, thin and sleeveless top simply refused to provide any reasonable concealment of her chest. As she sat opposite Hayden and gestured vigorously during their discussion, they overheard a teenager say to his girlfriend in a stage whisper, "My God, Lisa, did you see the size of her jugs!"
Lisa, apparently not appreciating his perceptive skills, whispered back, "Yes, Jason, and the hair under her arms is enough to fully equip your father's and grandfather's bald heads! I think it's sexy, so maybe I'll start growing my own." Her sarcasm went completely over his head.
"Don't you dare!" shot back Jason, triggering an ongoing dust-up between the teens.
"Then don't be a dumbass, okay?"
"See what your tits and grass do to people?" grinned Hayden with obvious pride in his lover.
"Thanks for appreciating my public exposure, Angel. It makes me hot and I like for you to enjoy it."
"Parker, the history you've described seems to be a perfect setup for another Tombstone, Arizona, or Dodge City, Kansas. That sort of wealth fueled by greed and the determination of people to do what their natures demand is a guarantee of disaster...unless, that is, some tough guy, a Wyatt Earp or a Bat Masterson, shows up."
"Well, that's exactly what did happen. Things got so bad that the citizens finally decided to hire a sheriff, a man named Henry Plummer. He appeared to be a talkative, enjoyable, courteous and interesting individual when he arrived in Bannack. But as is so often the case, it's what you don't see that really matters.
"Plummer had contracted pulmonary tuberculosis much like that of dentist John Holiday in Tombstone. Plummer's wasn't as far advanced as the doctor's, but by the time he arrived in Bannack it was starting to give him trouble. As the good people who hired him were soon find out, he was every bit as dangerous as John Holiday, but not as fast with a gun. Plummer preferred dry-gulching and back-shooting to do his dirty work.
"But I'm getting ahead of myself, Golden Boy. You know, Hayden," she yawned, "I'm so warm that I think I'll take off my top."
With that, she did so, folding it and placing it into her bag, then shaking her bare breasts vigorously as if trying to mix something jiggly in two great soft containers.
"Why am I not surprised at this strategically designed overheating problem of yours, Parks?" Hayden laughed merrily as they pulled out of the parking lot and headed up I-95 toward Georgia.
They passed the time with jokes, silliness and raucous laughter, erotic accounts of events past, and told each other what their fetishes were. Parker, as usual, got it started.
"Hayden, would you mind telling me what some of your fetishes are? I know that's private with guys, but I'd like very much to know. And I'm certain they'll make me hot." She glanced at him with a perfectly wolfish expression on her face, eyes shining and breathing heavily.
Hayden, never one to hesitate when a gorgeous woman asked an intimate question, thought for a moment, then responded.
"It's no news, Gypsy, that your body hair makes me hot. In part it's because it is obviously different from everyone else, but the way you excite me goes deeper than that. I just really like fur on women. You are so very striking in your dark beauty, your sensuality, the way you enjoy exposing yourself wherever you are, and your endless sexual appetite for me. I adore you for that."
"I admit to a love affair with my hair, Boyfriend. Thanks to Lauren my bush is a lot thicker and longer than it used to be...she kept after me to stop shaving it short like the hair grows on my thighs, bottom and tummy. Now I'm as thick and long as she is! I have no idea why it grows so heavy under my arms. My father encouraged me to let it alone...it really made him hot, and now it feel as if I've got furry animals under there. Maybe it's my gypsy thing...it's in my genes.
"I take special care of it, comb it and condition it so that it shines and stays soft. Iamsurprised and amused that people are rarely indifferent to me; they either like it or they hate it There ain't very many in-betweens."
Hayden continued. "I'm always aroused by big boobs like yours...I'm just a big-boobs guy. You're stunning, Parker. Your breasts are so large, but they aren't floppy. You're firm, yet your boobs have the most delicious jiggle and sway. And you know it, too, you gorgeous animal! Honestly, the more you expose yourself, the happier man I am."
"They're comforting for me, lover. Honestly, I guess I'm in love with them! Thank you for the freedom you give me to enjoy them and show off sometimes. But what else? I know there are hidden desires in you, Hayden. You are so sensuous and beautiful, how could there not be?"
"Well, your fur excites me always. I also get hot by the smoothness of my own skin. It's always been that way, although you know I shave from time-to-time. I get hard thinking about how it feels; it's smooth...almost life warm, soft glass There are times when I make myself cum by brushing my hair and making it wavier as I touch my body."
He was quiet for several moments before he spoke again.
"You know, Parker, that I enjoy being intimate with your husband, Mark. Feeling him inside of me is delicious and he has such a soft way of approaching me."
He glanced at Parker; she smiled as she fondled her nipples.
"Oh, by the way, Golden Boy...I think the most sensuous picture of you and Mark, of all that the two of you have made, is that one on South Beach with him behind you, and you are as hard as steel. There's enough distance between you two to see Mark's huge cock halfway inside you, and he's got his arms around you playing with your gorgeous tits."
"Liked that one, huh?" he asked softly as he recalled the thrill of feeling Mark within and seeing others watching them.
"Hayden, you have no idea how many times that one's been downloaded and enlarged and even made into posters by our photography lab." She quickly switched subjects.
"Hayden, would you let me watch you enjoy eating yourself? Soon? That is so sexy!"
"Of course, Honey. It's exciting that you want to." He was thoughtful for a time, then he said, "I hope you don't think it's silly, but I enjoy slipping a rosebud plug into my hole when I sunbathe or work around our house nude. It feels heavy and makes me full."
"Where'd you learn about rosebuds?"
"From you, oh dark and mysterious one...after you got back from Italy and those two weeks you spent with that Italian gal Lexo. And your other clothing has been so much more risqué, too. Parker, you are like Ashwynde...both of you are going to get arrested for exposure any day!
"Anyhow, you already know that I am really turned on by big breasts, Parks...you certainly surpass all requirements on that one...! I'm also aroused by girls like Ashwynde, tranny girls."
"Hey, buddy-boy...I know you, remember? You're not talking about just tranny girls in general; you, gorgeous male of mine, are a prisoner of Ashwynde of PRISM Designs! And I can't blame you for a second. That girl just took me to the cleaners, ya' might say." The gypsy girl stared at him with a wolfish expression that he knew telegraphed more than a few steamy encounters with the director of the company's explorations and projects division.
Hayden grinned rather sheepishly at his lover.
"Angel, you know mereeeellywell. Glad you're not offended. Okay, one final fetish, or maybe it's just a goal or a fascination...I truly enjoy martial arts training with Mark. It's always demanding, and it pushes me to the end of my endurance. He can be a tough leader and taskmaster, but he's arealleader. Sometimes we train nude, and that adds a sexual thrill that's hard to describe.
"Okaaaay...sounds crazy? Yeah..." A sheepish grin spread across the young man's face.
"Heavens, no! So far, Hayden, your fetishes make me really hot. And no, I don't think your enjoyment of inserts or training nude is silly. Honey, you could wear a burlap sack and still be the sexiest man in America. The rest of us have watched you working out several times...we all agree that a mass assault on you two by us girls would be this year's best idea!"
"Good grief...I can see that I should have been ready for any and everything. But what about the fetishes of a Gypsy?" Hayden prodded his woman.
Parker lazily gazed at him as her five-inch nails drifted lazily over her erect nipples. She wanted him to stare at her, yet she knew that he had to keep his eyes on the road.
"I am deeply aroused and joyful when I can make love with members of my family. My father and I had the most beautiful times together before I went off to Georgia Tech and before he died. Of all our group at PRISM, Hayden, I am closest to you, my husband, and Ashwynde. It's getting like that with Arabella. If I had a brother or sister, I'd be intimate with them, too.
"I enjoy intimacy with women, particularly older women, Hayden. There is something about sexual closeness with mature women and their deepness. I have friends who are the most sensuous, erotic and frankly delicious women in their forties through sixties. Many aren't what we commonly think of as 'beauties,' but they are arousing, sexually skilled, and have endless appetites for love-making and exposure. And Honey, their bodies are ab-so-lute-ly amazing.
"Anyhow, I enjoy exposing myself. I'm aware that my body fur sometimes kills the interest of anyone watching me and some even find me disgusting, but I also know of those who get really hot when they see me bare myself and all this hair, and when they look up my skirts or down my tops. While I try to not be deliberately offensive, I really don't care much if they don't like me.
"Honestly, Hayden, your lovemaking with my husband just puts me into orbit. The way you and he only do it infrequently adds to the sensuality of two strong, powerful men, my men, being intimate. And wanting me to watch."
"You are exactly the woman I want and need," he murmured.
"I really enjoy inserting rippled bars into my hole; I found out how delicious that is from Lexo, too. One day we walked down the streets of Cannes with skirts so short that her plump and pierced lips were bare, and I felt the breeze moving my pussy's long fur! I must say that I like the attitude of Europeans toward body hair more than I do Americans' generally. They aren't surprised by it, and often they like it. Anyhow," she continued quickly, "she asked me to slide a foot-long aluminum bar into her bottom, then she slipped one into me.
"Most of the shaft was rippled to help it stay inside me...it waswonnnnderfuuul! The sensation of walking down the street or through a store and knowing that I'm exposed and doing something brashly sensuous was, mmmmmm so sweet. And I like being stared at!
"God! Hayden, when she slid that anal bar into me, I grabbed a high stool in a street café to hold myself steady and I had a little orgasm, I was so hot! We walked around that way, and I don't mean on abandoned streets or in empty stores, either. There were people everywhere, and were they staring, too! One young guy walked up behind me and touched my bar. He said, 'I like your insert. Mind if I just walk behind you for a while?'
"And you said...?" Hayden pressed her with a grin.
"I agreed. And he did for a while. I couldn't believe her lack of restraint...Lexo actually stopped at a bench, put her right foot up on it and pulled her bar from her hole, then reinserted it and played with it,and right there with people watching! Then we walked into her bank and cashed checks at the counter. I was so excited and hot; Hayden, my honey was sliding down my legs the whole time.
"You've seen those pictures of her shopping for shoes and spreading her thighs, exposing her bare pussy and rings to the sales person. We actually did that! I cannot describe how excited it made me, Hayden! The girl who assisted us seemed to enjoy it; she stared at my long fur and hairy thighs. I thought she was going to make a snide remark...until she casually took off her sweater. She wore a sleeveless blue silk blouse and she had beautiful white underarm hair. I've never seen that before."
"Gypsy girl, I wouldn't want to be pushy, but is there anything else I should know about your fetishes and what makes you hot?"
"Watching the erotic slideshows I've built on my computer; seeing Ashwynde spread her legs and show off that gorgeous, huge cock of hers during a business meeting; and one more thing, Golden Boy. You. Whatever you are doing, wherever we are, you are my main fetish; you make me feel like I am filled with lava and just about to erupt."
She stared at him without a word for the longest time. Then she began once more her tale of Montana gold.
Chapter 5
The Tipping Point
Bannack, Montana, became a magnet for Civil War deserters from both sides, thieves, killers, and a certain amount of the human garbage no one ever wants. Good men and women lived there and continued to arrive, but crime had accelerated to intolerable levels for those from back East.
Henry Plummer arrived in Bannack in the early 1860s. His tuberculosis had begun giving him trouble and it affected his attitude, never anything to encourage in this man. On his way there he'd organized a gang of thieves who robbed miners and travelers, cheated at cards, and were generally the dregs of society. This activity petered out because of Plummer's collateral sexual activities.
U. S. Government Indian Agent Jim Vail had a sister, Electa, who attracted Plummer; after two months of courting and fooling around, Plummer asked her to marry him. Jack Cleveland, a former sidekick of Plummer's, was also carrying a torch for the girl. This infuriated Plummer, but he suppressed his anger and he and Cleveland headed for Bannack.
Henry saw no reason to ply a legitimate trade; he wasn't trained in anything useful. Instead, he gathered a gang calling themselves the "Innocents." Their specialty was robbing the miners of their gold on their way to the assayer. The tightly-organized thugs became so numerous, slightly more than one hundred, that they developed secret handshakes and code words for identification.
Records indicate that prospectors made another gold strike some eighty miles east of Bannack in Alder Gulch, the town that eventually became Virginia City. This guaranteed that anyone traveling between the two towns was going to be waylaid; the kill ratio skyrocketed.
The prospectors, miners, and arrivals from back East where there was a semblance of law were getting royally sick of the entire mess. What law there was in Bannack accomplished nothing. Along the way through a variety of devious means, Plummer managed to get elected as a sheriff in Bannack and several surrounding communities, thereby proving that people get the government they deserve...but few were happy with their choice. Bannack and the surrounding community seethed with anger.
During this time he improved the inner workings of the "Innocents" and expanded their operations. The belief that Plummer was running the operation gained a foothold, then spread like a fire. Several 'insiders' remarked that they knew Plummer was involved.
_ _ _ _ _
Plummer always saw the people around him as marks and targets for picking, not as individuals. His wife was now giving him trouble...at least being inconvenient, so he began to beat "the bitch" as he often called her. Eventually, after he had abused and tormented her, usually in public, she left him, but he had other interests, anyhow.
Foremost was the gold he had already begun to stash away. That really kept him busy.
"Those bastards are so stupid, they'll never realize that I can hide this stuff someplace beside the flatlands between Bannack and Virginia City," he talked to himself and his horse as he rode into the sparsely wooded hill country north and west of the town. He arrived at the old place half underground and hidden in the scrub trees and bushes, pushed aside the overhanging brush, and slipped inside the old mine shaft.
Plummer removed several sacks of nuggets, flakes and coins from his saddlebags and secreted them inside an old government ammunition crate that once had transported the Army's heavy .45-70 Government ammunition.
As with all thieves, he was suspicious of everyone, but he had a young woman, an actual relative he had discovered in the camp, with whom he had begun a sexual relationship. He told her about his stash 'up there' because he trusted her; he actually seemed to care about another human being, and didn't want to leave her destitute in case something happened to him. Not the exact location mind you, but enough so that she could find it with a little help if she needed it.
Plummer opened several bank accounts under false names and identified by numbers...just for the fun of it. He had no faith in banks, but he planned to squirrel away a lot of money in them. These people were all so damned dumb, they'd never figure him to bank it!
The largest portion of his robberies, however, he hid in the other place, on the hill, in the scrub woods in the opposite direction from what anyone would expect. On a piece of paper he spelled out a number of clues for the location in case Joanna got confused. Not enough to tell anyone else anything. But she was different.
He scribbled the hints in longhand on a small piece of office paper. They looked like he was trying to write some doggerel poetry.
"'Windy, dry places are the most peaceful.'
'Never thought I'd leave the trail for barren spots.'
'If only I had a couple of hours to set things right...one way or the other.'
'Into the darkness, sloping to my gun hand.'
'Trash all around the dark little piles.'"
He explained the meaning once to her when neither was drunk. Only once. But Joanna understood. She hid the scrap in an old picture frame behind a tintype photo of her mother and Henry Plummer and forgot about it.
More than a century passed as the small piece of paper, now yellowed with age despite remaining in darkness, lay undiscovered in its hiding place. The picture along with a few pitiful other items passed to a daughter who then gave it to her own child.
This girl would marry a miserable piece of white trash just like Henry Plummer, and just like Plummer, he would abuse her.
It seems that bastards live forever and they all have twelve brothers.
_ _ _ _ _
Bruce Daily was a sleaze...he'd always been one and cheerfully accepted the fact. He'd been one in the Army where nearly everyone else hated him. But he had one endearing trait to the Army and to his NCO's...Daily was a sniper, one of their best, probablythebest.
Once his affinity for shooting was demonstrated, His Confederate commander had equipped him with a Sharps Model 1859 breech-loading rifle to which Daily had mounted on the left side of the receiver a long telescope sight. He had also had the unit weapons sergeant cut six inches off the barrel and modify the stock to make it easier to carry. His weapon fired a .52 caliber Minié ball round, a bullet that made a hideous wound. Daily had several times proven his ability to kill Union troops at distances of more than 900 yards.
Some of these memories dusted his thoughts as he shifted his weight and found a more comfortable rest for the rifle in the crotch of a dead bush. The kid he had decided to kill just for the hell of it was due around the curve of the trail slightly below his position and 600 yards out. That would be easy. Plummer hadn't told him to murder this young man, but he always believed in keeping the opposition off balance and afraid; Daily assumed that since most people on this road carried gold or valuables, this one did, too. And besides, killing was so much damned fun!
Fifteen minutes later the popular young man rounded the bend in the trail. Daily moved his rifle slightly to the right to get a firing angle with his side-mounted scope. The cross hairs settled over the head of his target. With his calculated bullet drop, he'd make a lower body-mass hit; this one ought to do it.
He took up the tiny amount of slack, breathed, pressed the trigger and felt the simultaneous explosion and kick of his weapon.
The large round struck the rider slightly below midsection. It didn't blow him off his horse; bullets didn't do that. Rather, the rider slumped, then dropped off the horse like a 40-pound bag of corn. Daily put another round into the body where it lay, then rose, dusted away the signs of his firing position and went down to check the body for gold. There was nothing on the crumpled form. It had been his usual good shot.
He rode back to report.
_ _ _ _ _
Preston Kirk burst into the saloon, interrupting the mayor's town meeting. As usual, Sheriff Henry Plummer wasn't present, not because he had real business to do, but because he thought them a waste of time.
"Okay, dammit, somebody passed my place a while ago, don't know who, but he told me about a shooting on the trail not far past the creek. I went to look, and it's Charlie Wells. We all liked that boy...he ain't done nuthin' but help us here, and you-know-who had him killed. It's long past time somebody killed that summbitch!"
"I haven't said anything about this yet for obvious reasons," said a strong voice from the back of the room, "but there's a meeting tomorrow night for interested folks from here, Nevada City and Virginia City...people who are no longer willing to trust corrupt law enforcement. It's the old rule, 'If you want to get it done right, do it yourself.'"
To a man they turned to see the speaker. He was weather-beaten, solidly built and had the expression of a quiet forcefulness. "You folks want to be a part of this, see me after the meeting. This sort of trash and danger has gone on far too long. Let's put a stop to it now!" He sat down.
A crescendo of, "Hell, yeah...let's do it!" "Right on target. It's high time," and, "Let's just kill the bastards and be done with it!" resounded throughout the room.
"Yeah, and let's start with Plummer!"
"Hey, hey...wait a minute! He put up that mile-high hangman's frame beside the jail. Let's hang him on that!"
"Good idea, Bobbie. Wish I'd thoughta that," spoke up a quiet prospector who ordinarily didn't say anything unless it was forced out of him.
Chapter 6
Settling the Score
That night the men formed a vigilance committee identified by a peculiar set of numbers, "3-7-77." Shortly after that meeting hooded and masked riders first visited known and suspected members of 'The Innocents' to warn them; they posted skull-and-bones posters around town, and on some of the flyers was the cryptic number set '3-7-77.'
After these actions the hangings began. The central group of the vigilance committee was actually split on whether Sheriff Plummer was part of the murderous rampage against miners, but patience and reason were long dead. Mercy would reappear only after vengeance had run its course.
One night after having gotten loaded enough to do dirty work without the whisperings of caution and conscience, the group decided that Plummer was guilty and set out to track him down. The sheriff figured the citizens of the tri-city area too stupid to do anything except cower in fear, but this time his ability to read other people failed him.
The crowd located him on a cold January 10 of 1864 in the waning days of the American Civil War. This time Plummer and two other captured deputies, Ned Ray and Buck Stinson, realized they were in mortal danger; time proved just how right they were.
The angry crowd hauled the three cursing men to the gallows Plummer had proudly built months before. One by one the group clubbed the three, dragged each to one of three long ropes dangling through pulleys, and rammed the heavy noose over his head. An ominous silence fell over the group as three appointed hangmen hauled first the two deputies into the darkening sky, the pulleys creaking and squealing on weathered shafts. Curses turned to gurgles, faces discolored in the twilight, bodies twitched, and then they were still.
The crowd saved Henry Plummer for last. No one spoke accusations, there were no pronouncements of judgment. Just before the hangmen hauled him skyward, Plummer, in a last desperate effort, said, "You men...God, help me! ...I can make you rich. You let me down and give me a horse...in two hours I can bring you enough gold to make all of you rich men!"
But Henry Plummer was out of time and very shortly to be out of life in this world.
"Nice try, Sheriff, but no cigar!" yelled a voice in the crowd.
"Reckon there's anything to what he said?" asked one of those who would pull Plummer up to the crossbar.
"Hell...him? That lying' piece of shit? Not likely."
"Get on with it," directed the leader.
His three executioners bent to their work with satisfaction. Plummer, hands tied behind him, whipped up to the crossbar and swung there. His struggles subsided and in the silence a breeze sprang up, twisting the body in semi-circles. Finally, his corpse hung motionless in the frigid night air. Several men with Winchesters guarded the body for an hour after the hanging, then they, too went home. The corpses hung there all night.
The next day a few men and the undertaker took them down, and Plummer was boxed for burial. The disposal team bypassed the town cemetery and planted him in a shallow grave in Hangman's Gulch not far up a draw. The bodies of Plummer's deputies were tossed into the dirt in contempt.
No one remembered Joanna and even fewer would care about her distant relative.
Chapter 7
Frisky Along the Way
Hayden and Parker sped northward through Alabama and Tennessee, stopping long enough to use tickets for the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville that Mark had bought for them. In that venue where not a whole lot grabbed the attention of those in attendance, Parker in a short and form-fitting red jersey dress managed to create a disturbance.
She was stunning with her glossy black hair cascading down her back in contrast to the extremely low-cut red jersey dress cut back severely from beneath her arms to a collar around her neck. It bared most of her breasts front and side, not quite uncovering her nipples, but they were so prominent that she may as well have been topless. Without the stay-up embroidered hose she had worn before with this outfit, her smooth, tanned legs and hairy upper thighs were clearly visible. The lush dark hair beneath her arms she displayed with pride after she removed her knit white sweater.
Her escort, a powerful yet handsome young man with an enviable mane of reddish-gold hair, drew the attention of those who stared at them. He was obviously younger than she, yet something in his bearing, build and eyes spoke of a maturity and latent strength. Throughout the entire show the pair drew the envying, lustful stares of those around them.
The miles sped by, the sights fascinated them as the comfortable Peterbilt performed flawlessly, and they reached the North Dakota Badlands. Hayden noted the increasing smoothness of the transmission as he found occasion to run through low and high ranges in shifting the eighteen-speed.
Along the way they had grown more deeply attached to each other, laughing, making love, touching each other intimately before others, and stopping to walk at overlooks and waystations.
Parker managed to thoroughly scandalize those who had also made stops for food, to stretch and for restroom breaks. Denims and boots with gauzy tops tied beneath her great breasts, skin-tight sweaters over open-tip bras and extremely short shorts that bared almost a third of her bottom, and short, short denim jumpers with tops that she could not button because she was so large all made for memorable occasions. Whenever she sat, of course, the skirts hid almost nothing.
Quite a number of tourists boldly asked her if they could take pictures. Others were obvious as they hung around the couple, waiting for Parker to bend over or sit down and part her legs at a table. Rarely did she fail to get reactions to her hairy upper thighs and the dark mass of her pussy fur revealed by the skirts.
Several men and women remarked to Hayden that they had seen him in theBeautiful Menfeature and all of them complimented him on the erotic displays and asked for his autograph. A few were familiar with the PRISM erotic website and had enjoyed his experiences with Mark and Eric. These attentions greatly aroused him and his gypsy.
Early on their fifth day of travel Hayden and Parker reached Bannack State Park, Montana. They drove into the park to register as campers, wondering if their large rig would arouse suspicion or too much curiosity, but their concerns were groundless. The area was extremely large, there were no "hard stands" where campers with children would hook up; rather, this entire area of the park was wilderness that was controlled but not altered.
A perfect location for their purposes. And definitely one for casual sunning and the other sensuous activities they intended to perform in the open.
After selecting a spot to locate the Peterbilt that would permit unobstructed surveillance of the surrounding terrain, Hayden and Parker left the truck and passed the rest of the day relaxing, then preparing for the evening.
"Hayden, honey, I am really whipped. Will you make supper for us, please? I want to list some things I believe we ought to do to be really prepared for this job."
"Glad to, gypsy girl," he replied with a tired smile. "Include in your thinking our need to both familiarize ourselves with this area and what we should do to check in with the locals. We need to build relationships even though we'll be here only a month."
"All right, beautiful Golden Boy. God, Hayden, you really are a snake charmer! Just looking at you and thinking about being here with you gets me steamy. Everything about you gets me steamy! Nobody has this effect on me the way you do."
Chapter 8
Securing the Campsite
One of the character traits Hayden appreciated about Parker was her self-motivation, her ability to see what had to be done and set about carrying her weight without asking him, "What do you want me to do next?" That sort of juvenility became very old very quickly on someone in charge.
Hayden pulled out of one storage locker ten small, oddly shaped and dark green items that looked for all the world like miniature duffel bags, each with a three-inch antenna. These he placed under shrubbery, fifty yards out, on all sides of the camper. The tiny sensors talked to the electronic system monitored inside the truck. They picked up vibrations in the ground caused by living creatures, distinguishing between human-caused disturbance and those of other animals.
Parker, meanwhile, climbed the ladder on the left side of the truck several yards behind the driver's seat. Once on the roof she plugged four small dish antennas, one at each corner of the cabin, into a socket recessed into the metal and firmly secured them. From a distance they were nearly invisible. These provided an external view of the terrain 360 degrees around their camper in all types of weather.
Once their preparations were completed, the two went inside for the night to bathe and enjoy the evening.
Hayden made supper, stir-fried steak with onions, and mushrooms, white shoepeg corn, and spinach casserole with rice pudding for dessert. About the time he was ready to serve it, Parker appeared. As usual, she jolted him with her dark beauty and sensuous appearance. She had brushed out her long hair until it curled heavily about her face; she wore a filmy, short, sleeveless nightie that fell only to her waist, sandals, and nothing else. Her tanned legs glistened smoothly up to her upper thighs where her dense growth of hair began. Her entire pussy, abdomen, her round bottom and anal cleft were covered with a jet black growth of long, soft hair that duplicated her generous bed of underarm fur.
Parker's romance gypsy heritage was plainly visible in her sensuous attire for her lover. Hayden stopped and almost dropped a plate of steak and vegetables at the sight of his woman.
"Parker...you are simply gorgeous." He set down the plate and moved to embrace this vision.
"Do you approve, Golden Boy?" she whispered hoarsely.
"Do you really have to ask, Gypsy?" He enfolded her and plunged his tongue into her mouth. She responded with heat, caressing his mouth with her own, bathing him in her juices and moaning softly.
"God, Hayden, how can I eat supper when I want you!"
"You get me for post-dessert...after the rice pudding... And all night long. For now, beautiful woman, let's eat. We've worked hard and tomorrow we start scouting this area and getting to know some of the people around here."
She stood back, shook her torso, jostling her breasts furiously, and raised her arms above her head. She always got her boy when she showed off her underarm forests.
"Not looking...not looking," he laughed as he served her when she sat down at the table. "You don't if I look down your top when I serve you, do you?" he snickered.
"Hayden, Angel, I expect it. And you know that it makes me hot when people do it as we go out in public. I hope it doesn't trouble you for me to enjoy that."
"Hah! Watching you expose yourself and seeing others stare at you makesmehot. I know you're mine. I'm aroused by the fact that you get steamy doing so, and then you take it out on me. How blessed can one guy be?"
"I'll say this and then we can talk about tomorrow. I am so in love with you Hayden. I treasure the fact that you are younger than I am. I know I'm married to Mark, but both of us want you and me to do this. We are one, Hayden. You own me...and I own you. Nothing is off-limits for us.
"I may as well tell you this, too: I want a ring from you, Hayden, and at some wonderful time in our near future I want you to make me pregnant. I want you to make me pregnantbeforeMark does."
He stared at her for a moment, then answered softly, "Gypsy, 'yes' to each of those wonderful things. I didn't realize you felt this intensely. You amaze me. I am dangerously in love with you, Parker Scott."
"Good!" she said brightly as she devoured her meal. "This is delicious. Is there anything you can't do, Golden Boy?"
"Okay, okay, dark and gorgeous wench. I think we first ought to take the Road Runners out to scout this entire area. For breaks, let's go into Bannack, Virginia City and that little town we passed, stop in at some cafes and lounges and meet some of the people. If we listen to conversations we'll learn a lot about things around here."
"Annnnd," mumbled his lover through a mouthful of steak and vegetables, "I can enjoy a bit of freedom from our hard labor here day and night." Her dark eyes twinkled with sexual innuendo.
"Yeah, I know whatthatmeans. You're braless, you're going to wear some skimpy tops and maybe even show off that beautiful fur of yours with itty-bitty skirts, and you're going to scandalize so many people around here that we'll never be able to get anything done in secret!"
"You DO know me after all, beautiful boy!" she crowed with laughter. How she adored this gift in her life, so young, so strong and wise and protective, and a delight to be with.
"You have all the sensor monitors on, don't you, Hayden?"
"Yes."
"Then take me to bed, baby. I need you."
In the darkness Hayden rose above her, and slid gently into her pussy, swelling generously as he pressed home. Parker gasped with pleasure, then began moaning softly. Hayden lost control this time, felt himself stiffening with heat, and gasped, "Oh, Gypsy, I can't hold it!"
He erupted, spurting strings of liquid and ropy goo into her warm body, almost feeling the thickness of his cream.
"Mmmm...so delicious, Hayden...sweet, warm...I feel you above me, owning me so tenderly...sometime soon you are going to make me pregnant...do you know that?"
"We don't use anything, Angel. Does the thought bother you?"
"Heavens, no, Golden Boy. I want to have your child. Mark told me that he wants you to make me pregnant before he does! You are so much more than simply my lover, Hayden. You are my own body, my very self. Oh, lord! You've overcome me and imprisoned me. You own me, Hayden!" she whispered fiercely in the darkness.
"Does my body hair ever turn you off, Hayden?"
He slowly withdrew from her pussy, stiff, swollen and dripping cream; he turned her over, felt between her buns for her hole, slid into her with the aid of her heavy fur and his wet cock, and whispered into her left ear.
"Let me be clear about this forever, Gypsy. I am completely in love with you. I worship you. You are totally beautiful to me. Your hair is so sensuous to me that simply thinking about it and looking at you make me hot...every time. It's part of the woman I love, and it is stunning, it is sensuous, it is different, and you'd better notevershave it off! Do you understand me, Parker Scott?"
The woman beneath him was silent for a time. Then she replied softly, "That's the beautiful expression a woman needs from her man. I know I have your love...I feel completely safe with you...Hayden, I trust you with my life, my dreams, the things I own."
A fiery wave swept over him, thrilling him, burning his insides, hardening him until he ached. He felt it coming once more, too quickly after his first loss yet insistent, the eruption into her anus seeming to pull out his insides. Smoothly, gently but steadily he entered and withdrew from her hole, relishing its tightness about his cock and the slippery feel of her sticky, long hair that his entry had pushed into her anus, then the warmth of her insides and the delicious, gooey wetness surrounding his shaft and oozing from her body.
"What a blessing...to be loved and trusted by you, Gypsy. I'll care for you. You and all you are and have are safe with me."
Silence. The darkness was warm and sweet. She spread her legs slightly to better enjoy the delicious stuffed sensation she felt. Then with her right hand she felt the edge of her hole and his shaft buried within her.
She whispered, "I know, Hayden. I know...we're one."
He stayed within her all night, changing positions only once when he grasped her and rolled over to lie beneath her. "Oh...oh!" she murmured, "You are still inside me. Stay there...stay there...," and she trailed off into silence.
His woman. Happy. At peace.
Night sounds and warm darkness guarded them as they slept.
Chapter 9
Dangerous Ground
The following day Hayden and Parker set out on the ATVs to scout the area as quietly as possible. They kept to the back country, noting the few houses built back up in the wilderness outside the park and avoiding those. Parker led the way into the hills above and beyond Bannack Park, recalling something from what she had read of the terrain's geological formation and her own experience living in south Florida.
After an hour's journey into the distant elevations above Grasshopper Creek and the park, she stopped and motioned for Hayden to pull alongside her buggy. They dismounted on the rim of a series of holes in the earth, moderately deep depressions for which there was no apparent cause.
With a smile she kissed her young lover, unbuttoned her denim vest halfway, and bent to retie the laces on her hiking boots, tucking them inside her shoes. Hayden, never one to miss the sight of her shapely legs in her short shorts, enjoyed the moments of ogling she provided and grinned wolfishly when she caught him at it.
"And you are looking at what, my sexy, beautiful man?" she grinned, stabbing her finger at him.
"Mmm, I am staring at the way your boobs nearly burst out of that vest, Gypsy, and those luscious legs of yours. And, of course, the thirty percent of your ass that the shorts don't cover. Yep! That's what I'm looking at!"
"That, my Golden Boy, is just fine. That is the Gypsy-approved answer. Do you see what you like?" she giggled as she bent forward, her breasts squeezing farther out of the top.
"Lawdy, lawdy, have mercy on me!" he answered in a pleading and falsetto voice. "I am bein' tempted and tried beyond my ability to re-strain myself." He clamped his hand over his mouth to hide his sound as the dark beauty before him giggled at his antics.
"I'm gonna re-strain you, you gorgeous jackass," she replied. "All this is just building up for me to rape you later on. We romance people love ferociously, and our lovers get away with nothing! Just you wait." Her black eyes twinkled with desire and innuendo.
"The reason I brought us here, Hayden, is that this is a sink hole, just like those in Florida, like the one that nearly swallowed you. Underneath this ground is limestone, partly responsible for the volcanic development of the gold those miners found here over a century ago. And these holes continue to be dangerous."
Hayden looked around at the hills and depressions. "Do you think there are lots of them, Parks, or do you expect them to be few and far between?"
"Don't know. We need to be aware and stay away from the unstable edges of all depressions and holes like this. I am convinced of one thing, though...unless we get some kind of break in information from somebody local here, I can't see how we can possibly find anything Henry Plummer might have hidden.
"Let's keep scouting the area, Parker, then why don't we go into town in one of these small night spots around here...maybe into Virginia City, too."
"Sounds like a plan to me, Hayden. When we can, let's talk out our impressions of what we've seen and look at our maps."
Hardly had they turned their machines about when a large crash startled them. A sizeable portion of the overhanging ground had collapsed into the hole leaving a plume of dust and an unspoken warning.
Truly dangerous ground.
The two stared at each other, then rode off in the direction of higher ground before they returned to the camper. Along the way Hayden and Parker settled themselves with the fact that if they didn't get some sort of local help, they would end the month of searching empty-handed.
Chapter 10
One In Every Crowd
Parker and Hayden made small talk as they showered and dressed for an evening out. Hayden shrugged into a blue chambray shirt that he left unbuttoned halfway down his chest, black denims and his black Tony Llama boots. He loosed his hair, then let Parker brush it out until it became bushier and shiny, its waves curling about his face.
He assumed the petulant expression that characterized so many of the male models they'd seen in magazines and on the PRISM website.
"Lover, I hate it when you do that," said Parker. "You are such a man, and it looks wimpy."
"I know it, Gypsy...I just love to yank your chain."
Parker, from somewhere in her seemingly vast store of outfits, pulled on a skin-tight pair of black jeans, a tight white and deeply low-cut thin, sleeveless top with no bra, and a short, black gaucho-style jacket. She finalized her outfit with a flat crown, narrow-brim stovepipe Stetson.
She was stunning.
They started the Peterbilt and left the campsite for Virginia City. The bright lights and numerous cars and trucks outside "Jesse's and Kathy's." persuaded them to stop there. Hayden parked the truck on the far edge of the asphalt apron, and they walked hand-in-hand into the noisy restaurant and bar.
The receptionist, an attractive Japanese woman in her mid-twenties, welcomed them with a genuine smile and measuring glances at the beautiful woman accompanied by her sensuous date.
"Right this way," she smiled as she led them. They had anticipated a poorly located table because they entered after most of the crowd, but she found them one in the third circular rank of seats around the low stage that dominated one end of the room.
"At any time, we can break out with somebody who just has to do some kind of karaoke act. And if that doesn't start it, Kathy or Jesse will do it. I don't know what you two delicious folks can do, but you'd own this crowd if you decided to get up there."
"Nooo," shot back Hayden with a bashful grin.
"Ah, you don't know my man, here," grinned Parker with an absolutely hungry expression. "If I get him excited enough, he'll do lots of delicious things."
"Well, what about you, gorgeous lady?" queried their receptionist with an expression of anticipation and interest in Parker.
"Oh, I'm gypsy. You never know what we're going to do. But it's not always street-legal."
"Honey, you are such a traffic-stopper...I think you can pretty well get away with anything...well, as long as it isn't making love with this gorgeous hunk on-stage." She stared long and approvingly at Hayden's heavy reddish-gold hair and his breasts now visible beneath his open shirt.
"Gypsy girl," remarked their host, "you do NOT want to leave this man alone. Take it from me. By the way, my name's Mikasa Kendrick. Jesse, Kathy and I are sorta...well, very close friends."
"Mikasa, I have no plans to leave him alone, either. We'd like a menu, though."
"No sooner said than done. By the way, Gypsy, if you ever want a quiet and unforgettable afternoon, call me, please. Here's my card." She laid the small, filigreed card on the wooden table top beside Parker's setting, glanced at Hayden, and smiled. He noted her gold wire-frame glasses and it occurred to him how deliciously sexy they made her. As if she needed more, he thought.
He gazed directly at her and said, "Mikasa, thank you. I appreciate your invitation, and I promise you we'll call you in the very near future. We're camping in the park, sorta off the beaten track, and need some genuine local insight in order to really enjoy it all."
Their server, a teenage girl, appeared, introduced herself as Candace, brought drinks, then awaited their order. Both selected New York strip steaks with sizzling vegetables. Candace replaced their utensils with a heavy set of two-pronged steak forks and serrated knives.
Parker kept her hat on, but asked Hayden for help in removing her short jacket. She thanked him as she stretched almost in cat-like fashion. Instantly several people nearby noted her smooth skin contrasting with her thick black underarm grass and whispered comments to each other.
"See, Parker, you never fail to give your audience an adrenalin shot," laughed Hayden with his own lustful stare.
"As long as you are with me, Golden Boy, I'm a happy camper."
They enjoyed their dinner, interrupted only once by a commotion behind them. There was an audible smacking sound, then several gasps. Hayden and Parker refrained from turning to see what had happened; both knew that doing so would draw attention to themselves when they wanted to be as unobtrusive as possible. That was simply impossible with these two.
That desire was destined for a very short life.
Several requests for local karaoke talent rose above the ambient noise of the room, and the show was on. Parker pulled her chair around beside Hayden's and rested her head on his shoulder. He looked at her, noted her breasts shoving themselves out of her low cut top, and whispered, "Beautiful lady, your babies are going to be on full display in a few more seconds."
She glanced down, squirmed slightly to coax one large, hard nipple into view, and kissed him. "Does that satisfy you, Lover? Or do you want more?"
Hayden, seeing the attention she was drawing, suggested, "Why not save something for later. You don't want to give these people heart attacks this early in the evening."
She settled against his shoulder, unfastened his shirt two more buttons until his breasts were visible, and reached across her body to openly run her fingers over his nipples.
"God! You are so erotic, Hayden!"
The show was well under way when someone loomed over them from behind. A loud voice announced, "Well, well, ain't this cute. Look at them tits on this girl. And, oh, my, pretty boy here's got tits, too! What kind of a girly boy do we have here, ladies and gentlemen?"
Hayden and Parker swiveled to look upward and saw what appeared to be a soft drink vending machine with arms, legs, and a scowl glaring down at them. The unwelcome guest reached down and jiggled Parker's right breast, then stepped back to see what Hayden would do.
"Okay, Gypsy, get ready," he whispered.
"You know," he said quietly to their would-be tormentor, "you really need to improve your manners."
"Hey, Ralph," called out Jackie from behind the karaoke platform, "let my guests alone and sit down...or I'll call the sheriff. You've been slapping your wife around all evening; I'll be damned if you'll spread your trash to my guests!"
"Shut up, whore!" he snarled in the direction of the bar where Jackie was serving customers. "I'll do what I damned well please."
He planted his right hand on the table between Parker and Hayden, then grasped a wad of Hayden's hair with his left and jerked back his head to stare into the young man's eyes. What came next happened so fast that onlookers afterward were never completely agreed just what it was.
Hayden rolled his eyes downward to locate Ralph's right hand on the table, then while staring upward once more lifted his two-pronged steak fork and drove it downward through the bully's hand and into the wooden table top. The large man let out a yell of pain and dropped Hayden's hair in a desperate effort to free his hand, now fastened to the tabletop and dripping blood.
The youth beneath him stood up, toppling the chair on which he sat, whirled to his left in a move that put Hayden almost back-to-back with Ralph, lifted his left arm to shoulder height, and drove his elbow viciously into Ralph's right kidney. The man gasped and arched backward in agony, then bent forward once more.
Hayden turned to face him from behind, drew back his right arm and drove his fist into Ralph's left kidney, ripping another cry of agony from the larger man who sank to the floor, held upright only by the fork pinning his hand to the table.
"See, Ralph, you and I have disproved a major principle of physics: two things reallycanoccupy the same space at the same time after all!"
Hayden grasped the fork handle and yanked it free from the wood. Ralph collapsed to the floor in a heap.
Parker sat in silence, amazed at Hayden's whirlwind self-defense action.
The rest of the crowd for once sat silent, uncertain whether to remain seated or stand and cheer.
Jackie, Kathy and Mikasa stood near the stage in open-mouthed amazement.
Hayden grinned boyishly and said, "Jackie, would you please ask someone to get this squirming mess out of here. Oughta be looked at by a doctor."
"That sack of garbage should be on the coroner's table if you ask me," she replied matter-of-factly. "I'll call Sheriff Lawson and ask him to bring an EMT."
Chapter 11
Parker's Night On Stage
"Okay, everybody," in Kathy, "let's get the show on! Who's next in this circus?"
The crowd began a chant as they pointed to Hayden and Parker, "It's them! It's them!"
"Parker, I know you've got to do your thing. Go ahead, knock 'em dead, Gypsy."
"All for you, my gorgeous Golden Boy. All for you."
She ambled shyly to the stage and approached the leader, a tall and friendly man hunched over a steel guitar table. "Sir, do you know a Cajun number, it'schank-a-chank, called 'One Night of Love...a Lifetime of Regret'?"
"Sure do, Missy. Amy," he spoke to an older teenage girl with a banjo almost as long as she was tall, "you and the guys ready?"
With that the band ripped into the melody as Parker slunk almost catlike to center stage, tilted her flat-brim Stetson toward the audience until she barely looked out from under it, and began a rhythmic stomping with her booted feet. The sound was not like the more familiar clogging...instead, it rose to a coordinated rumble without the high stepping as she raised her arms high overhead, interlocked her fingers, and began an incredible and almost-flamenco circular movement around the stage.
As she moved, she wove a pattern in the air with her five-inch, curved fingernails. The audience had obviously never seen a woman with such erotically long talons.
"Good Lord, look at the hair under her arms!" An older teen sat mesmerized by the black thicket Parker sported.
Her date answered, "I'll double that, Amber. Look at her tits. Whatcha bet they come out of her top before she's through?"
"Greg, I only hope so. I love you baby, but I want a date with her. I'll take her to bed in a heartbeat!"
Parker's erotic and thundering travel around the floor continued, her breasts swaying violently beneath the tight, sleeveless top, until the band began winding down the number. The crowd rose as one with a thunderous applause. Parker tipped her hat to them, then replaced it on her head.
Parker grinned, mouthed "Thank you...thank you," several times, then stood still before them, perspiring and breathing deeply. She bent over in a bow, and at that point her filmy top, having had all it could take from her breasts bouncing furiously beneath it, gave way. One by one they broke free and shook heavily with her movements.
She attempted to re-cover them, then stopped when the audience began chanting, "NO! NO! Leave...them...alone! Leave...them...alone!"
Parker responded by smiling coyly and caressing her nipples with her long red hooks.
Mikasa stepped onto the stage, took her hand, and kissed her at length. Then she led Parker offstage and back to her seat, breasts jostling furiously the entire way. Their host bent over Parker from behind, grasped both and kneaded them softly as she kissed her once more.
The EMT and sheriff arrived, dealt with Ralph, and hauled him away. After they left, Mikasa again fondled Parker's breasts. "Honey, your nipples are rock hard. Delicious! Do you enjoy women, too?" she whispered in Parker's ear.
"Yes, Mikasa, I do. And my lover wants me to. Would you like to come out to see us later this week?"
"Oh, my Lord, yes! I promise I'll be a mostly good girl," she giggled with a suggestive glint in her eyes.
"Mikasa, you can't do that," laughed Parker in reply. "When you come to visit Hayden and me, our essential rule is, 'No good girls allowed.' We receive only sensuous, lovely, friendly, sexually ravenous, mysterious oriental ladies...just like YOU."
"Girl, you are one of a kind. I can't wait. Please call me and let me know when. Please."
"I'll call you tomorrow."
Mikasa turned to Hayden who, until now, was certain that he could remain seated. He was completely surprised at Parker's skill. He could hardly wait to get her in bed later. Now it was obvious that he had come under the gun of this sexy hostess.
Chapter 12
Hayden's Night On Stage
To say that he turned red, almost comparable to his mane of hair, was an understatement about Hayden as he rose and moved toward the stage. Several remarks from out of the friendly crowd broke through his mist of embarrassment as he made his way to the stage.
"Lauren, did you see the boobs on that gorgeous man! He even has nipple rings!"
"Beth, I know he's a guy...but his tits still get me hard."
"What kind of man has breasts, Tom? What is he, a snowflake?"
"Eric, after what you and I just saw him do to Ralph, that son-of-a-bitch, and considering the fact that you, ole buddy, never did it to him...well, whatever he and his long hair and big tits are, it's not a snowflake!"
"Ya think?"
"Hank, will you all shut up, please! Your daughter and I want to enjoy the privilege of getting hot together without your commentary. Sarah, Baby, get some really good pictures. I've never seen hair that gorgeous and beautiful boobs with nipple rings on a guy. Ooooh, I'm gonna...I'm gonna...oh, hell, I'm havin' an orgasm!"
"Mom! For God's sake, don't hang it all out in public," the nineteen-year-old pled as her mother hiked up her mini-skirt to reveal bare thighs and a pussy decorated with a dark landing strip over its opening. She caressed herself softly, moaning as she did so.
Meanwhile, Hayden arrived on-stage having decided to make the best of the evening and pull out one of his talents about which his lover knew nothing. He walked over to the leader and asked, "Is there a banjo I can use?"
"Yessir, use mine," replied a large man standing beside the lead guitar. He extended the instrument to Hayden, then sat down.
"Whatcha want to do?" asked Sam Morris, looking up from his steel guitar.
"How about 'Foggy Mountain Breakdown'. That oughta prove whether I can or can't." Hayden slipped five picks onto the fingers of his right hand.
The band wound up and the familiar strains of the Flatt-and-Scruggs number reverberated through the room. Hayden worked out the banjo, one of the most difficult to play of all the stringed instruments. The picks on his fingers seemed to fly over the strings, producing the stream of flattish, hard notes that people have always enjoyed.
"Ladies and gentlemen," called out the band leader, "this ain't Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, but I guaran-damn-tee you that it's the closest thing you'll ever get around this part of Montana!"
Hayden and the band then rolled into 'Lee Highway Blues' and 'Wabash Cannonball'.
The crowd were having a grand time on their feet, clapping, gyrating, and in some cases, displaying rather erotic actions with each other. As he played, Hayden looked over at Parker and noted her standing comfortably in Mikasa's embrace from behind, the attractive brunette's arms beneath Parker's and her hands cupping the young woman's breasts as her fingers danced over her nipples.
He nodded with a smile, pleased that both women returned his glance and expression instantly. As he wound down his rendition of the final bluegrass classic, Hayden looked over the crowd in front of the stage.
One older teen had opened her sweater and was running her hands lightly over her breasts, eyes closed, with the music. Another older guest kissed the woman next to him as he slid his hand into her blouse and she closed her eyes in pleasure. Off to the left a middle-age beauty who was a classic example of the farmer's daughter with lightly sunken cheeks and green eyes with enticing lines running from the edges of them, smiled at Hayden as she unbuttoned her blouse and bared her lovely, small breasts for him.
He nodded at her with a smile. Finally it was all over, the audience roared its approval for the obvious talent of the young man with the flowing golden mane and the gorgeous dark-haired woman, and Hayden made his way back to the woman who owned his heart.
Mikasa gave Parker's breasts one last bounce and said to both of them, "Thank you, Parker and Hayden. I want to get far better acquainted with the two of you beautiful people when I go out to your place."
With that she kissed both of them and walked away through the crowd.
Chapter 13
Crossing the Line
Having thoroughly aborted any possibility of remaining low on everyone's radar screens, Hayden and Parker left the restaurant having acquired a host of admirers, including a number of men and women who wanted very much to get intimately acquainted, and full stomachs.
Not surprisingly, Parker made her exit proudly with her breasts exposed and bouncing all the way to the truck. Hayden shook his head in wonder at his gypsy lady and resolved again to screw her legs off once they got into bed. They settled into the Peterbilt and drove back to their campsite.
The two made very little talk; each was tired and they had a lot of work the next day. Hayden told her that he wanted her to call Mikasa early that morning to invite her out sometime that week, that very evening if possible.
"Thank you, Angel," she said as she smiled at him. "I believe she and I will enjoy our time together, and I want you to be a part of it. If I read our lady correctly, the looks she was giving you, Hayden, were...shall we say...lustful. I'd like for the three of us to satisfy that desire if she's willing."
Following their arrival, Hayden checked the perimeter of their site for signs of an intruder, then he and Parker switched on their monitoring systems for the night. After showering together, they fell into bed in each other's arms.
"Hayden, lover, at the rate you are getting into me deeper and more often than anyone I've ever made love with, I am going to get pregnant. That's a fact. I want it. I want you to make me pregnant before my husband does, and he actually approves of that for me. What do you think, Golden Boy?"
He hovered over her on his left side and elbow, staring at her dark beauty as she toyed with his breasts and nipple rings. "Princess, you really know how to play me like that banjo, the way you do things to my breasts and nipple rings. Lord knows, it sets me on fire."
"Hayden, you have no idea how many people, I mean womenandmen, wanted you. You are tough and strong and so very, very beautiful. Your breasts are attractive and unusual; the nipple rings light fires in people they way they bounce around. And your hair gathers so heavy around your face and shoulders that you make people jealous. Honestly, you have to be on guard against men as much as women!"
"Girl, I'm determined to get you pregnant and love every second of it. What a wonder to give us a baby! I must admit that deliberately getting the wife of my best friend pregnant has an erotic thrill to it...I hope that's not offensive to you."
"We are one in all that you said, Angel."
With that whispered exchange Hayden placed his swollen cock over the thick fur between her thighs and slid gently to her depth. Parker closed her eyes in silent ecstasy, wriggled her hips to coax him even deeper and began thrusting upward against his weight.
"You...oh, Lord! Hayden...you literally stretch my pussy with that golden rod of yours. I can feel my fur coating the walls of my lips as you slide in and out of me. It's even smoother than if I had no hair on me. Oh! Oh...oh...you are stretching me! I wonder if I'll bleed. Hayden, what will you do when I have my period?"
"I'll devour you, and make love with you and taste you, and suck you, Parker. I think that's beautiful...why would your period ever stop me?"
A wave of intense heat rolled over him as he forced himself to thrust gently and shallow into her, massaging her outer and inner lips and the tissues at the mouth of her pussy. "Parker! I'm coming, Princess...just caaannt hold it!
He grimaced in the coils of an internal squeeze so tight it took his breath away for a moment. Then he spurted his life's cream first into her shallow folds, than pressed deeper with each eruption.
"Oooo...sweet boy, my young love, you're the artist of my body...caressing my soul, painting my insides with oils, lining my tunnel with millions of your cute little guys that are already rushing around trying to find one little girl to grab! And thank you for what you said about making love to me during my period."
Hayden took the dense hair beneath her left arm into his mouth and tugged at it, moistening it and relishing the sensation of its bulk and length on his lips and tongue. He brought up his knees to crouch above her without coming out, then stroked the long hair on her thighs and abdomen.
"Hayden, you're so large you feel like Vulcan, Roman god of fire and the forge and blacksmith of the gods, as you do me. NoBODY has...oooo, so sweet. MMM...I feel adored, treasured, searched and known, branded, enslaved...I feel conquered in a spiritual sense that makes me gasp! Umm, O, what have you done to me, Golden Boy?"
"Shhh, girl. Enjoy this, feel me own you and know that you're mine for life. You may be married to Mark, but you are mine as much as his, Angel."
"Yes...yes, Hayden. Oh, yes, Darling. Stay in me all night...don't leave me!"
"Mysterious girl, be still...be still. I own you. I'm inside of you and I'll be part of you all night."
The woman beneath him did not reply; she sighed and slipped into enraptured sleep. Despite the security of the cabin, Hayden could hear the night sounds of a creation that seemed aware of him and would reward him for his adoration of one of its own.
He and she had crossed a line over which they'd not return. They were one.
Chapter 14
Trail Signs and Storm Clouds
He awakened the next morning still atop Parker, still inside her. He had softened noticeably but he could feel his length still in her wet folds. She was staring at him. She said nothing but her intensity told him what she didn't voice. She was his in every sense of the word. He owned her and she owned him.
"Lover, I don't know if last night was the night you nailed your woman with a child, but you made it the most memorable evening of my life," she whispered hoarsely. "Good heavens, you ripped me up and rebuilt me! You're the gentlest lover I've ever known, and that includes my father, Mark, everyone...even Ashwynde. "
"Consider yourself taken, O dark, mysterious and fiery woman."
"Yessir, my gorgeous boss man. You can pull out of me now; I am a huge, delicious mess. Will you look at what I'm lying in!"
They cleaned up, dressed for their work, and Parker went outside to call Mikasa at the restaurant.
"Oh, Parker, thank you for calling. I was afraid...and you are so early. That means so much to me. Can we get together today?"
"Mikasa, do you have any time off coming to you?"
"Yes, I have about two weeks. Why?"
"Why not come out here and spend it with us. Won't cost you a thing. We've got some work to do, mixed with a lot of fun. Hayden and I would like to have you with us...if you can stand us, that is."
"Why, yes, I'd really enjoy that, being with you two and outdoors like that. What should I bring to wear?"
"Well," mused Parker, "how about a couple of jeans, some shorts...and the shorter the better...tops and hiking boots. And your personal stuff, of course. I've got some things I'd like to share with you from the company Hayden and I work for."
"Exciting! Is this afternoon after I get off okay?"
"Mikasa, we'll have the grill on, drinks in the cooler, and a table set. Now, here's how to get to us. We're a little off the beaten path."
They set off on the ATVs, this time to first check the sensor points placed around the campsite, then the ridge line above them. There they found marks of someone lying on vegetation just back of the edge of the cliff in an effort to conceal their outline.
"What do you think of this, Hayden?"
"Someone is definitely keeping tabs on us, Gypsy. The readout of our sensors showed warm spots in the trees and on this hill. Let's keep on doing things normally, and that includes our outside sports when Mikasa gets here."
He glanced at her with a knowing expression, well aware of her enjoyment of women. She smiled coyly and said in a petulant voice, "Well, what's a woman to do with such an attractive guest...for two weeks! Hayden, be real. You've done me like a well-worked mineshaft; anything Mikasa and I do is dessert after you."
With that she unbuttoned her blouse nearly to her waist, shook her breasts, and mounted her ATV. Hayden made a point of doing exactly the same, opening his short-sleeve gray shirt and shaking his own breasts. They trembled deliciously with their nipple rings bouncing and glinting in the sunlight.
"I've got something you don't," he laughed in a sing-song voice.
"Oh, hell, Hayden...grow up, you lovely hunk."
He knew he'd outdone her with that one. "Gotcha!" he said, touching his finger to her right nipple peeking proudly from her top.
They headed out over the rising terrain in the cliffs above Grasshopper Creek, both with the conviction that Henry Plummer was a lot smarter than his enemies. He would have hidden his loot in many locations to outsmart the others. And it wouldn't all be on low ground, either.
The mostly clear hills outside of Bannack Park eventually gave way to more vegetation of Ponderosa pines, green ash and scrub trees. From her research Parker recognized the rubber rabbit bush, plains prickly pear and fringed sagewort dotting the landscape.
Last evening Hayden had remarked, "Parks, there are records that describe two guys who went into a bank around here. They located something that the bank itself didn't know was there. Before anyone could find out more, they'd left and were never seen again. But people insisted that they'd come away with several very heavy leather sacks."
"Still," she remarked thoughtfully, "there'd be a lot more. I've got a feeling that whatever he hid is in several places, and there still is a lot of it. In fact, even if we discover something, I'm certain that Henry Plummer hid a lot more that we won't find."
"You're right. Let's move into those scrub trees on that slope up there," he suggested, pointing above them to an area of more woods that showed faint signs of someone having been there. They rode deeper into the sparsely forested highlands.
Both of them noted faint signs of humans. They could not escape the sense that Plummer had been around, somewhere nearby. The thought of him spreading his hoard over several locations few people would suspect gripped them more strongly than ever.
"Parker, stop, baby, stop! These are the remains of timbers. They are half buried and partially burned from a fire some months ago, but timbers like these are what you'd in a mineaditand a shaft to shore up the tunnel."
"What's anadit, Golden Boy?"
"It's the rectangular opening to a mine shaft. It'll have a definite shape, even after all of these years. I think we're on to something. Uh, oh," he muttered, glancing at the sky and his watch.
"Uh, oh, what?"
"Remember Mikasa is coming over later this afternoon. Let's head back for now. We ought to take the long way home in case anybody is keeping track of us."
"Hate to quit, but you're right. I need to get ready for our guest."
"Uh, oh, again," he replied with a broad grin. "I know what that means. 'You've got to get ready...' What form of extreme undress or half-dress are you going to treat her to?"
"Watch and learn, lover boy, watch and learn." She giggled as she switched on the motor of her ATV and they moved out.
After they'd ridden for half an hour, they came in sight of a semi-prepared camping area and its restrooms. Parker motioned toward it and raised her voice, "Hayden, this thing has shaken all the pee in my system down to my Huhh-huhh Hah-hah. I havegotto go!"
He grinned, nodded, and they rode up to the low, clean building. Parker entered while Hayden sat on his vehicle, surveying the area for whatever appeared and didn't appear.
Parker entered the ladies' side and stepped to the wash stand to wash her hands. Suddenly she tensed when she heard a sound from one of the four stalls. She froze, listening for another. A distinct sniffling coupled with soft movement as if someone might be shifting on a toilet came from the second stall near the wall.
She stooped to look under the line of the concealing wall and saw blood drops on the floor. More fell, then she saw a woman's sandaled feet settle onto the tile floor. A low cry and sobbing echoed in the small space.
Parker strode to the stall and knocked softly on the metal door. "I'm here, I don't mean you any harm. Can I help you?"
"Oh, God..., no one can help me," came a muffled reply.
"Will you please unlatch the door and let me in?"
A click echoed from the stall, and Parker pressed the door inward. She gasped at the sight which met her. A woman who appeared to be in her late twenties or early thirties sat on the toilet seat cover. Her face was a mass of bruises, her lower lip was cut and dripping blood, her shoulder-length blonde hair was matted with blood and perspiration, and her arms displayed the unmistakable bruises of a beating. Many of them.
She stepped back and shouted, "Hayden, get in here, quick! I need help!"
Hayden himself didn't realize he could move so fast or jump so high until that moment. He sprang from the ATV, both feet leaping from the foot boards simultaneously and carrying him over the seat and bustle rack behind it. Once on the ground he shot toward the door, grabbing the jamb to swing into the room. He moved to the open stall and saw the woman.
"Ma'am, ma'am," he spoke softly, "we don't mean you any harm. You need help and we can give it. I'm going to help you up, then I want you to put this arm over my shoulder and your other over that gypsy girl there. She's good for a load." He hoped the small bit of humor could soften the grimness of this situation.
"You can't help me," she whimpered... "no one can. You'll just get hurt like the others."
"Baby," Parker, we're a different breed. We can help those who need it, and we are skilled at it. Please come with us. We can help you clean up, and I guarantee you that we can protect you!"
The woman stumbled to Parker's ATV. Parker straddled it first, then she unfolded the padded double seat behind her. Hayden assisted the unknown woman in mounting the machine behind Parker. Parker clasped her hands and pressed them into her abdomen as she said, "Please hold on to me. We'll go slow. My name is Parker Scott and he's Hayden Wellington.
"We have a camper and we are staying at the park. We'll show you our IDs when we get there. You don't have to do anything with us, but we know you need help and protection. We don't want anything from you, either. All right, here we go."
Hayden was checking the Sig-Saur pistol in his shoulder harness. At her signal, he led the way through the hilly terrain and back to their campsite. When they rode into the cleared area beside the Peterbilt camper, the woman gaped in astonishment through her cracked lips.
"Whoareyou people?" she asked in a trembling voice.
"Hayden and I work for a company that does unusual business. We often find ourselves in dangerous situations...like this...so we are pretty good at handling things."
"I KNOW you two! You're the people in the restaurant, the ones who staked that man to the table when he attacked you!"
"Yes, we are. Were you there, too?"
"Yes. I was behind you. That man is my husband, Ralph. He is really dangerous. He'll come after you."
"Honey, we can talk this over later. But I assure you, we are also dangerous to people like that. We can be his worst nightmare if necessary. You're a lot safer here than anywhere else. Please come on inside. Hayden, baby, will you load these machines while I tend to her. Oh, I'm sorry...what's your name?"
"It's Courtney. Courtney Lawson. He's my husband, Ralph. A real pig."
Not surprisingly, the storm clouds had arrived. As the witch inMacbethmuttered, "...something wicked this way comes." Hayden and Parker had a deep sense that just over the horizon there was coming a storm.
Chapter 15
A Friend Comes Calling
With the vehicles stowed away in the rear of the Peterbilt, Hayden entered the camper to assist Parker. She had seated Courtney at the breakfast table and was sorting out the first aid case for what she needed to repair the woman's more serious injuries.
"Courtney, what in the world brought on this?" asked Hayden with an expression so hard that he reminded Parker of her husband after he had dealt with Lauren's rapist. "I'm not prying, but it's obvious you've been going through a lot of pain and abuse for some time."
For some reason, despite his youthful appearance and his flowing locks, he gave off an aura of strength, self-control and even a hint of danger. He was gentle as he questioned her from a seat across the table. Though she had endured years of torment, suspicion and mistrust, she now was willing to rely on these two people whom she'd never met.
"We've been married for twelve years...probably too young, and I was stupid. At first he was different, but from the first he kept asking me about a guy named Henry Plummer who lived around here a long time ago.
"He seemed sure that I either had something or knew something about him. I had no idea what he meant and kept telling him so. But he got nastier and more brutal as the years passed. He's so big that he's bullied the people around here, especially anybody who tries to take up for me."
"Do you have any remote idea of what he's interested in?" Parker murmured as she stitched a cut in Courtney's scalp.
"Oh, it's got something to do with gold and whatever that man did a long time ago. But how can I tell him something I don't even know!" She wailed softly.
"Courtney, this has to stop. Have you filed any complaints against him for a restraining order?"
"One time. Like all these stupid orders, it means nothing. He beat me so bad that I never tried again. The sheriff here is one of those precious souls who 'can't do anything because there's no way to prove it.'" She mimicked the law enforcement officer with a contempt that Hayden and Parker had seen all too often before.
"Be honest with me, Courtney. Do you want to be free from this and from Ralph? He's broken the law. Sometimes when the authorities won't do anything, it's up to people themselves to take reasonable action." Hayden gazed at her intensely.
"Oh, God, yes! A thousand times yes. But nobody can or will help me. And I don't know what to do."
She slumped in her seat, oblivious to the expressions passing between her rescuers. Parker knew very well what was going on in Hayden's mind. He just had not laid it out, yet.
"Courtney, often it seems that the good guys never win...ever. And there's a reason for that. It's because the good guys are never willing to do what it takes to beat the bad guys. Well, here and in the company we work for we don't accept that. And we are equipped to handle what seems to others like a hopeless situation."
"You did something to him last night that has never happened. Never! That crowd was amazed. I've never seen anything like it. But I can tell you this, Hayden, he's coming for you. It's going to be soon. He won't wait."
"Here's what we're going to do, Courtney. Parker here is an expert in a lot of things, one of which is caring for others in a variety of ways. She is kind, she's gentle, she's sensitive to you, and she is really, really good at protecting others who need it.
"I'll be getting things ready for him tonight. I agree with you, he won't wait. He'll be here, maybe tonight, maybe tomorrow. And we'll be ready. I need for you to do one vital thing for us."
"What? I'll do anything you need."
"Once we start, you must not try to stop it, and when we finish you must start your life over again. Are you willing to do this?" Hayden fixed her with his gaze as if he were pinning an insect to a display board.
"Yes. I don't know how I'll do it, but I will. I'm a finance specialist, and a pretty good photographer. I make a decent living when I'm not recovering from his beatings."
"We can help you a lot more than you know," Parker assured her quietly.
"Honey, if Courtney wants to eat and rest, will you help her? And I know you need to get dressed for our guest later." He grinned knowingly at her.
Parker led Courtney to the kitchen where she made sandwiches for them. Then she laid out a set of clothing for their guest and headed to get ready for Mikasa's arrival. Parker decided to go ahead from the outset and wear comfortable and revealing clothing, figuring that their guest would likely do the same. After all, shehadasked Parker if she had lesbian desires before they had left the restaurant.
Parker decided on a lemon-hued, puffy-sleeve transparent top that completely bared her shoulders and fell just short of her tight black, very short skirt beneath which she was bare. Black low-rise sandals completed her outfit.
As daylight drifted toward a quiet evening, she heard tires crunching the leaves in front of the camper. Mikasa knocked at the door and greeted Parker with a broad smile. She entered and immediately grabbed Parker in a sensuous embrace, pressing her tongue deeply into her host's mouth.
Parker, never one to hesitate in a situation calling for an erotic response, held her guest's face as she slid her tongue around Mikasa's teeth, then engaged the girl's tongue in a wrestling match, pouring her saliva into Mikasa's mouth. The slender oriental swallowed and sucked Parker's tongue out of her mouth, tenderly holding it in her teeth as she stared at her host.
"Thank you for not wasting any time," Hayden's lover whispered, once Mikasa had released her. "How delicious. We are so glad to have you, Sweetheart."
She stepped back to admire their guest and was aroused by what she saw. Twenty-seven year-old Mikasa Kendrick had grappled her way through an awful, failed marriage before she decided that she wanted a woman more than a man. Her affinity for women attracted her two co-owners of the restaurant, Jackie and Kathy. They were happily married and each had children, but their husbands and teenage offspring accepted their periodic trysts with the striking oriental receptionist.
Mikasa's smooth skin was a light olive hue. She had shoulder-length hair framing a slightly oval-shaped face with deep dimples, a bow-shaped mouth, slightly broad nose and dark eyes. Her lips were full and she laughed often. A small beauty mole rested at the right outer edge of her mouth.
At five feet and four inches tall she carried her slender body with poise and sensuality. Dimples graced the top of each shoulder. Her form was beautifully shaped with narrow shoulders, very large and bouncy breasts, a tiny waist flaring into small hips, and muscular, shapely thighs and calves.
A navel piercing supported a jeweled chain that danced over her abdomen, and when she was nude it called attention to the curly black fur carefully sculpted into the shape of a heart with its outer edges of jet black hair surrounding her vaginal lips. Mikasa had moderately full outer lips enhancing slightly longer inner ones.
Today, Mikasa Kendrick stood before Parker in nicely fitted gray denims and a sleeveless, embroidered short net, white top with large openings that didn't remotely promise support or concealment for her heavy breasts. One button secured it at her neck, leaving everything else exposed. Her long nipples pressed through the gaps in the lovely embroidery, each one in large and dark contrast to the pure white of the 'shortie' top. High-heel sandals augmented her height.
Hayden appeared, pleased her with a sudden, "Whoa! You're a traffic-stopper, indeed," then received her intimate kiss as had Parker. He returned the favor gladly, and took her bag. "I certainly hope you plan to be here the entire two weeks of your vacation," he remarked in welcome.
She was the most electrically sensuous oriental woman he'd ever been close to. 'This woman is a walking advertisement shouting...bed me all week long...,' he thought. Then he silently berated himself for being childish.
"Hayden, you couldn't drive me away. And if I can help you two in any way, anything at all, I will."
He motioned to a seat across from his own and near Parker. "Please, take a load...a beautiful one...off and sit. Would you like something to drink? Some wine, perhaps?"
"Yes, thank you." She arranged herself comfortably in her seat and turned to Parker. "Hayden calls you 'Gypsy,'" she said. "Are you, really?"
"Yes. I don't make a lot of it, but you can tell from my appearance that I'm, oh, shall I say, different in some ways and in my intimate preferences. My background is from that European line with a bunch of other stuff thrown in," she laughed brightly.
Mikasa stared without embarrassment at her breasts, bare and visible under the light blouse, the fur escaping from under her arms, and her thighs now exposed by the hiked up short skirt. She shifted in her own chair, bringing into view her entire left breast. Mikasa had never seen five-inch natural fingernails like Parker's. This woman was one entire machine of sensuality, heat and desire.
They talked animatedly for an hour. Then Parker heard Courtney stirring in the back room and called to welcome her to join their gathering. The abused woman opened the door to the central room and stopped. She and Mikasa obviously recognized each other, for together they said in unified astonishment, "Courtney! What are you...?" "Mikasa! What are you...?"
Mikasa noticed the bruises that dappled the girl's body and face and her swollen lip. She shot up out of her seat and ran to embrace her. She had already begun to cry.
He beat you again, didn't he!" she ground through clenched teeth.
Hayden and Parker briefly explained what had happened and how they had found the girl. "I guarantee you, Mikasa, she's safe here," said Hayden with a hard level stare at her.
"Hayden and Parker, Courtney and I have been intimate for over a year now. Because of Ralph, we can't always get together as we'd like. This is an attack on me as well as her. This cannot go on!"
"It isn't going to," replied Parker from her chair. "Hayden and I have already gotten her assurance that she wants this to end, and that she's willing for it to end permanently. We can make that happen"
Mikasa stared at the two of them, understanding what they implied. For the first time she actually believed that Courtney's ordeal could end and her terrifying leech of a husband could be dealt with.
She still did not quite grasp just how terminal an affair Hayden and Parker could and would make his end.
"All right, ladies," announced Hayden with a deep bow. "We'll all eat something else in a few minutes, then each of us can bathe and get ready for bed. Wear whatever you want...or don't wear whatever you want...yuk, yuk... Courtney, I don't intend to order you around, but Parker is going to sleep with you tonight and for the near future."
"Oh, I'd like that," she eagerly replied.
"And so would I," replied the gypsy, "So would I."
"Now while you all get things ready and do your stuff, I'm going out to check things one more time, then I'll turn on all the sensors again. The infrared has been picking up movement and heat signatures on the hill above here and in the scrub brush for several hours now. I think he...they...are here sizing us up for the kill."
With that, he turned out the lights on the exterior of the camper and went outside to check all the locks and the undercarriage, assuming he was being observed.
He returned inside and locked up the truck for the night. He showered, pulled on a tee shirt and flannel shorts, and went back to the large room. To no surprise whatever, the women were dressed more for the beach than for sleep, but that was all right with him.
Chapter 16
Discovery
Parker lay close to Courtney all night, caressing her battered frame gently, whispering assurances to her, and kissing her when she awoke frightened during the night.
"I'm so sorry I'm a mess for you, Parker. Sleeping with you would be a dream for so many women, but here I am just a piece of trash."
"Courtney, sweet girl, you don't have to be anything for me. You are very special just because you are you. If you want to, we can sleep together as many times as you'd like. The important thing is to get you healed. Then Hayden and I want to talk with you about your going back with us to Florida. You have to leave here; there is no arguing about that."
The woman in her arms was silent for a time. Then Courtney ran her hands over Parker's naked form beside her, finally gently slipping her left hand into the wet heat between her host's thighs and leaving it there. Parker sighed with pleasure.
"See, Honey, you've brought me pleasure in such a sweet way. Do whatever you want with me. We are yours, for this night and for the future if you desire that." With the girl's hand pressed deeper inside her body, Parker kissed her, then fell into a deep sleep.
Mikasa had asked Parker if she minded her being with Hayden for the evening. Parker smiled quickly and remarked, "Of course not. You'll find that he is a precious gentleman and more tender than anyone you've met. Believe me, you are always safe with him. And he will thrill you to the heavens!"
That night in the quiet of the wilderness outside, Mikasa Kendrick understood what her new friend meant. Hayden undressed as she watched and got into bed beside her. As if it were natural between long-time lovers, they turned into each other's arms and kissed softly. Hayden spread her thighs and slipped into her body. She was already wet.
"I can feel you so beautiful and hard in me," she whispered. "You've got me ready to topple over the cliff, Hayden. Don't hold back from me when you are ready. And thank you for not wearing anything. I want you bare."
Shortly afterward, both lost themselves in a tender and prolonged union. Neither could recall when he withdrew; both realized the complete joy they had shared. "Hayden, I want both you and Parker tomorrow. Is that possible?"
"Definitely. Your being here with us also means that you share us and all that we have. This, too."
"Oh, what a wonderful promise," she murmured before she and he gave in to sleep.
The following day Parker and Mikasa took care of Courtney, then left her inside the camper while they went outside to sunbathe and converse. Hayden had brought along a double-size lounge for just such a purpose, and the ladies quickly plopped down beside each other.
Mikasa eyed Parker's selective growth of body hair and remarked, "You know, I have never, ever, seen someone as sensuous as you, Parker. You've got those gorgeous big boobs and nipples to die for, and that hair...I never believed I'd like it on a woman. But on you, it is perfect. Not only that...Honey, you've got so much of it! I never met a man with half what you have under those beautiful arms. And your thighs and bottom, God, what an erotic dream!"
"Well, thank you, Dear. Your compliments make me hot. Anything else?" Parker laughed brightly and kissed her.
"Yeah, as a matter of fact there is. I have never seen such a thick, long bush on anybody. I have some erotic pictures of women with long fur, but theirs doesn't begin to compare to yours. How do you grow it...how long is it?"
"About seven inches...and growing," giggled Parker with pleasure.
"Good Lord! And those gorgeous hooks you call fingernails. They're real, aren't they?"
Parker nodded. "Does Hayden like them, too?"
"Oh, he really does. He told me that I was in danger of a speedy death if I trimmed them. I am so in love with that boy...that man. He plays me like a harp."
"He's quite a catch. Is he much younger than you?"
"He's twenty-four and I'm twenty-eight. But you'd never know it by the way he acts. At times, Mikasa, he seems older than the hills in his values and strength and determination. Mark said he is the best trainee he's ever worked with."
"I saw the pictures of him and your husband on theBeautiful Menpart of your website. I know it was two gorgeous men, but I thought...I...would...lose...my...mind...and...body! I downloaded every one for my own computer files, set up an entire slide show of them, and then I joined the whole website. Worth every penny, girlfriend. Worth every penny. And now there's you, you amazing creature."
"Well," said Parker with a hungry smile, "so much the better for our enjoyment during your vacation with us. And how was last night with my Hayden?"
"Oh...my, ooohh, dear!" she answered very deliberately. "That was the most wonderful loving...it wasn't just sex...it was loving...I never knew a man could be like that."
"I'm happy to know that. Now we can give you that same experience again and again. You wouldn't object, would you?"
"Not if I can have you, too!" Mikasa laughed.
"Then, it's settled. Better eat well, girlfriend. You'll need the energy."
Chapter 16
Rage
On the ridge nearly half a mile away, the watcher adjusted his Zeiss binoculars and ground his teeth with hatred at the scene below. He would butcher them all. Slowly. Then he'd take care of that little whore calling herself his wife. He'd hack her up and take his time doing it. It was important that she die terribly and close up, too.
After that he would get that faggy long-haired kid who'd spiked his hand to the table and show him what a man was really like. He felt better now. He'd do it tonight and he'd get rid of his two helpers. He didn't need any witnesses.
He'd save that hairy bitch with the huge tits for last. He'd been watching some movies of what you could do with a pair of pliers and some electrodes if you prepared well and went at it slow.
Probably he'd have to do it in his cabin up in the hills so no one would hear her screams. Oh, yes! They'd all pay dearly for ever crossing him.
The witch inHamletwas wrong. Something wicked wasn't just coming, it had already arrived.
Chapter 18
Afternoon Memories and Pleasures
In the Peterbilt Hayden stared at the sensors' report warning him of Ralph's presence on the ridge. Their enemy was coming tonight, he could feel it. That meant he had a few more preparations to make, and Parker was included.
Being sexually erotic outdoors excited Mikasa and Parker. If Courtney happened to glance outside, she'd understand and also be aroused. If Hayden was watching, he'd compliment them both and want to take part.
Mikasa turned to kiss Parker, then she buried her right hand in the gypsy's forest of pussy fur and gently pulled it out to its length, admiring its bluish highlights. Parker closed her eyes and sighed. Finally, Mikasa got up from the lounge and walked around to Parker's side where she knelt between her host's legs, burying her face in the soft thicket, searching for her pussy. It was sticky and hot.
Parker gasped as the woman pressed her face into her flesh, sucking the cream and bathing her face in it. She held Mikasa's face there for long moments, relishing the nibbling of her clit and the sensation of Mikasa's tongue plunged into her warmth.
Mikasa withdrew her face from between Parker's legs, sat beside her and kissed the lovely woman, not wiping her moist features before doing so. Parker responded by sliding her cheeks over the wetness and licking it.
"Mikasa, Honey, let's go inside. This is getting wonderfully serious."
They rose and entered the camper, passing Hayden at the bank of sensor screens on their way. "Coming in, ladies?" he asked with a knowing grin. "Just keep it street legal."
"You wish, Golden Boy," Parker whispered with an adoring stare at her lover. The two women disappeared into the bedroom.
Hayden decided that there was no sense in letting everyone else have all the fun. He removed his clothing and casually walked out into the sunlight. A movement of the shades in Courtney's bedroom indicated that she was watching. He liked that.
He stood and stretched in the warm sun, relishing its heat on his flesh. His lightly tanned skin was glassy smooth and so delicious to touch. Hayden used the brush he'd brought with him to carefully work his hair, brushing it until he'd accentuated its waves and it curled about his face. It felt like a glistening, heavy blanket down his back.
The lounge beckoned, so he lay down and smoothed sunscreen on himself, taking time to apply it slowly and deliberately to his swelling cock and his ball sac. Feeling his hands on his shaft brought on a series of warm waves lapping over his mind and imagination. He caressed the electric spot beneath its crown, causing it to harden more. Its head was a smooth, pinkish tan beauty with its mouth now opening slightly.
Having Courtney and probably Parker and Mikasa watching him was erotic also. As he lay on the couch, moving slowly, sensually, beneath his caresses, he felt the burning within that foreshadowed an orgasm. To prolong this delicious eruption he continued smoothing his hands over his body.
He decided to insert and enjoy his thick anal plug, and he pulled it from the small velvet bag in which he stored it. Hayden rolled onto his side, applied a generous coating of saliva onto its steel bulb, and worked it into his anus. The bulbous plug was topped with a smooth round onyx stone. It's pleasing shape had no uncomfortable edges to rub his buns, and it was long enough to protrude slightly from his body. When he felt behind with his right hand he could tell that nearly an inch of the large black stone was outside of his body and visible. It felt sexy, heavy, providing a pleasing stuffed sensation inside his tender hole.
He stood and ambled about the yard, exaggerating his movements slightly to display his swollen cock and his lightly swaying balls. Bending forward increased the heaviness of his breasts and caused his nipple rings to flip about, producing a delightful little electric tingle in the now-firm tips of his breasts.
Hayden straightened and, with closed eyes, thumbed and tugged at his nipples until they stood erect. He arched backward, accentuating his thick shaft, positioning it to stand upright; then he turned away from the camper, lazily crossed his legs, trapping his bulging cock and balls behind them as he ran his fingers through his mass of reddish-gold hair.
After enjoying this sensation, he bent forward to display his anal plug, reached back to turn it within his hole, and then touched his ankles. Finally, he went back to the lounge, lay down, and did a sit-up in preparation for getting his cock into his mouth. He was easily flexible enough, and he moved slowly to bend forward, pulling closer with his left arm and hand using his left thigh as he guided his spear between his lips and swirled his tongue about it.
Clear dew already oozed from its mouth; it tasted lightly salty and though its consistency was that of a thin cream there was no flavor. He drew two inches into his mouth and relaxed, taking time to relish his body flavor.
Thoughts of what he was doing coupled with images of how it looked to his observers triggered a slow yet almost vicious orgasm. He deliberately allowed the first thick jet of cum to strike his face, tracking heavily down his chin and swinging between his chin and his breasts. The remainder of his bursts he consumed, sluicing the thick goo about in his mouth and then swallowing it.
Hayden then lay back and allowed his shaft to soften gently as he fingered the rope of cream now laying on his breasts. He spread it over his nipples and their rings, relishing its slipperiness. He recalled with pleasure the sensation of Mark moving slowly into him during theBeautiful Menshoot when everyone was watching. Parker, Ashwynde, Lauren and the rest murmured with approval as Mark captured him from behind and cupped his boobs.
Hayden could not remember ever having been so sensually, completely possessed. Mark was gentle yet strong as he fondled Hayden's nipples and toyed with their rings. His movements in and out of Hayden's body were slow, deep and expressive of tender passion. He hardened within the youth's tight anal passage, the gel making his shaft slippery and super sensitive to every tightening of Hayden's body.
As he lay in the warm Montana sun, Hayden continued his thoughtful odyssey with Mark on the photo shoot.
Mark's eruption had been hot and sudden. He had expanded Hayden's hole noticeably yet it was not painful. Hayden could almost taste the erotic sensation of having this man inside him as others watched. Mark grasped him in a hug and began thrusting, assured that he could not accidentally pull out before he came.
The sensation of his body filling with a thick, oily, slippery substance from Mark's penetration caused him to swell once more. He was so hard. He gasped at the memory of responding to two deep sexual stimulations at once, Mark's anal invasion and his own blistering orgasm. Hayden sighed with satisfaction.
Mental images of Parker and Lexo strolling around Cannes, France, in micro-skirts so small that their pussies and anal bars were exposed, the knowledge that all three women were watching him now, Parker's on-stage exposure that night in the restaurant...all these combined to deliciously squeeze from Hayden something of a 'dry orgasm,' sweet contractions without loss of cream.
From within the camper and through the screen door came the distinct sound of Mikasa's muted exclamation, "Oh, God! Oh, that is so erotic! Oh, Parker, Courtney, help me...I'm losing it all just watching him. Mmmm..."
There were sounds of the women stirring about as they held Mikasa in her arousal. Then he heard, "Oh, Courtney, honey, you're going to lick me! Oh, baby, that is so sweet...oh, dear!"
Then silence.
He walked slowly to the camper and mounted the steps into the cabin. All three women were naked and in various stages of sexual enjoyment. They stared at him hungrily. He innocently returned their stares and went into his room to get dressed.
Chapter 17
Darkness Arrives
Following their afternoon enjoyments, the group sat around at a light supper talking about what the night held.
"I'm convinced he'll come tonight," said Hayden matter-of-factly. "He's around somewhere spinning himself up into some kind of white hot fury. Courtney, do you think he'll have others with him, or will he do it solo?"
The girl considered the question, then said, "He'll do it alone. He's so proud of the way he's terrified everybody around here. He won't want any witnesses, either, because he's planning something hideous for all of us."
"How do you know that, baby?" asked Mikasa softly, touching her face affectionately.
"'Cause he's such a proud asshole. He really believes that there's nobody like him. In that garbage dump he calls a mind he's some kind of Paul Bunyan. I know he's thinking of Hayden as some wimpy girly-boy with long hair and tits...no threat at all. And the rest of us are meat for his grill. He's convinced nobody here is a real threat to him and that he can bash his way in here and terrify all of us...he's right about me, at least," she whispered with shame.
"All right," said Hayden almost casually, "here's what's really going to happen tonight. This isn't going to be any 'fair fight,' first of all. If we go into this planning to fight fair then we've already lost. He can't get near here without our little spies out there warning us."
He laid out his plan. Before they switched off all the lights, he and Parker backed the ATVs down the back ramp and parked them behind the Peterbilt.
When the monster arrived the only lights shining on the truck and its camper were a pair of dim ones atop the center of each side of the body. Good...he could do his work in the darkness or in the light. Didn't matter.
In his belt he carried a hunting knife; in his pocket he brought along a box cutter, good for cutting up the smooth, tender body parts like their faces. They were so weak, they'd gone to sleep and weren't expecting him. The only man around was that sweet, long-haired pussy with the tits who'd staked his hand to the table with a friggin' fork! He could never qualify as a real man if you gave him eternity. Come to think of it, when he beat him unconscious, he'd cut off those nipple rings of his and keep them for souvenirs. Damn! That'll be cool...
His cock was hard just from the thought of the pain they'd have and the fun long overdue him.
At first he'd planned to bring a shotgun and just blow his way into the truck; then he realized that the blast noise would carry too far. He had a better plan to get them out of the truck.
He crept over to the pair of tandem rear wheels on the left side of the truck and slopped a five- gallon can of kerosene over the wheels. They would catch fire with a lot of smoke and really get going before he'd bang on the sides to wake up the little pussies.
He flicked his lighter, touched it to the surface of one huge Dunlop tire, waited for it to catch, and stepped back as the flames licked hungrily up the side of the camper body. Then he stepped back to wait before he began throwing rocks at the side of the vehicle.
In the short time Ralph had left in his life on this earth, he was never certain just what happened next or how. Suddenly the night vanished as the entire area was lit by small flood lamps on the top and recessed into the sides of the truck. The side door opened and he saw Parker, the hairy bitch, standing topless in jeans in the doorway.
As she walked down the steps, she asked, "So, Ralph, what can I do for you tonight?"
God in heaven...she had the biggest tits he'd ever seen.
"Where's that little red-headed cocksucker who attacked me the other night, you whore? And that bitch who calls herself my wife! I know she's in there. Tell her to get her worthless ass out here."
From the rear of the truck a form stepped into the arena of light. "The little redheaded cocksucker? Well, my, my, my, that'd be me," Hayden said in a voice lathered with sarcasm as he pulled an extinguisher from a small compartment beneath the truck and put out the blazing tires.
Already this had taken a turn for the worst. Ralph noted that Hayden had dropped the extinguisher; in the young man's hands was one of those small black machine pistols he'd heard called a 'room broom.' The H&K MP5K, a friend had told him. They were really badass, and suddenly here this kid had one.
"Do you like my lady's tits, Ralph? They're big mommas, all right."
Ralph stood immobilized before the youth with the machine pistol. If he could get it away from him..., and he started to walk slowly toward Hayden.
"You need to understand something, Ralph," remarked Hayden, disturbingly devoid any sign of fear. "If I need a nail file for a job, I always take a chainsaw."
Big Ralph was mentally processing that remark when his body suddenly folded beneath him in a rash of ear-popping jolts as a barrage of electrical bursts overloaded his nerves. Parker had fired both barbs from a taser into his huge frame from behind. They struck him in the middle of his broad, meaty back. Ralph went down, toppling as if he were a felled tree, his muscles jittering, then unresponsive from the electric shock.
Hayden checked the inert body before he released the grips on the weapon and allowed it to swing into position on its sling beneath his right arm.
"Just like Clint Eastwood said, 'A man'sgotto know his limitations.' Help me zip-tie him, Gypsy 'cause he won't be like this for long," as Parker strode over to the prone form. For once the sight of her breasts bouncing furiously didn't sidetrack his thinking.
"When you double-zip-tie his hands, then wrap another tie around that strap on the inside of his wrists. These things can be snapped if you know how, and we can't afford to have him get loose." He then strapped the man's mouth with duct tape.
When they'd bound Ralph, Hayden brought around one of the ATVs. They called Courtney and Mikasa out of the camper and recruited their help in loading the great body onto the bustle rack behind Hayden's seat. Parker grabbed the tank top that Mikasa tossed her and pulled it on. Although this was work of the most serious kind, the top didn't conceal or support Parker's heavy assets any better than anything else she owned.
Hayden shook his head as she addressed the two women. "Mikasa, Courtney, I want two things from you. First, this evening never happened. You've been asleep with each other, and you both dreamed identical dreams. Second, please go back inside and don't come out. We won't be too long. As Douglas MacArthur stated, 'I shall return.'"
Mikasa and Courtney turned and trotted to the door.
Chapter 18
Taking Out the Garbage
Parker followed Hayden's lead along a winding trail he'd already laid out. It led up the mountain and back into the hills, and eventually she recognized it as the one leading to the sinkholes they'd discovered on an earlier exploration venture.
Their vehicles were almost as silent as if they were walking. Hayden drew up to one of the overhanging brows above a recently collapsed area; several large rocks still rimmed the loose earth. He backed the ATV as close as he dared, then he and Parker pushed Ralph's almost inert body over the edge, followed by several of the larger rocks.
The prolonged slide that followed ensured that what remained of Ralph would never be found, at least in this decade. Hayden turned, silently hugged his lover, then they mounted their vehicles and made their way quietly back down the hills to their campsite.
"Any regrets?" Hayden asked of his silent woman.
"Nope. You got any?"
"Nope," he replied.
They did no rejoicing, contrary to what many of the world's more timid and compliant believe about those who tend to business themselves.
When the law is too weak, too frightened, or too bent into someone's personal agenda, and it ceases to perform its proper function, then nothing remains for good men and women but to defend themselves. This is no time for partying and laughter. Rather, the entire PRISM crew believed such actions were a reason for great sadness, a time when men and women are driven to their last extreme.
Only the night and its canopy of stars splashed across the heavens witnessed what had passed beneath them, and the creation was telling no tales. Ralph had departed the mainstream of life without leaving a ripple.
Chapter 19
The First Gold Strike
After they went inside, Hayden and Parker went to bed. Knowing how she enjoyed it, he brushed her hair out, then gently did likewise to her underarm and body fur. His woman sighed in the semi-darkness. When he finished, she asked him to lie on his back.
She moved above him, brushing out his thick golden waves until they lay in a fan across their bed. Then without a word she picked up his full, soft stem and caressed it, laying it beside her cheeks, enjoying its scent, and ever so gradually moving it closer to her mouth.
As she placed her lips artfully over his crown, dipping her tongue into its small mouth, then coating it with her juices, he gasped lightly and sighed.
"Gypsy, you're perfect. So skilled. The way that feels on my cock is beyond description. It's warm, it's erotic, as if I were eating some incredibly delicious meal that filled my body and soul with sexual heat. Look how you're making me hard!"
"Yes, Golden Boy...I've noticed that you are a whole lot larger than when I first touched you. Can you see how much I have to stretch my mouth open just to get beautiful you inside of hungry me?"
He stared at the large 'O' formed by her lips about his swollen crown. He was wet with her saliva. As he watched, she carefully slid him into her mouth, along the pillow of her tongue, until he felt his crown touch the back of her throat. She withdrew slightly as she almost coughed, then she rested quietly over his body.
In the collage of erotic thoughts that bathed his mind's eye he felt himself stiffen slightly and that delicious fire burned within his hips.
She nodded as he surrendered, and his cream burst into her mouth. Parker opened her lips somewhat, allowing it to dribble out and down her chin. She opened farther, making a luscious, sticky web of white goo that coated her tongue and slid down his penis into his red fluff.
She was a completely beautiful mess, dripping his juice from her lips, coating his cock, and swallowing repeatedly as she challenged him with her dark eyes.
Hayden responded by turning her body over onto her tummy. She raised herself only to arrange her breasts beneath her, then she parted her buns as he bent to lick her hole in its covering of soft fur. After tasting her flavors, he rose, nosed his shaft into her anus, and began slowly thrusting and withdrawing.
His body rebuilt its cream after an hour of his slow, tender and unrelenting invasion. He sighed with joy as he lost himself once more into his woman. She wriggled with pleasure and tightened her muscle about his cock, whispering compliments and little pleas for help as he filled her.
Both plunged into an exhausted slumber, awakening only when a beam of sunlight crept onto their faces. "You owe me a baby, Golden Boy. I want those millions of little tadpoles of your life to at least strike paydirt in me. Let me turn over, Angel."
She did so, and he cleaned off his shaft, then he slipped through the thick fur between her thighs, into her soft, wet flesh. He lost control immediately and filled her pussy, relentlessly driving to his full length within her. He sensed something different about this time with his lover; he could not express it, the sensation was more of an intuition than anything concrete.
When he watched the broad, sweet smile creeping across his gypsy's face, Hayden knew.
"You, my precious young lover and my man, will have made me pregnant with that. Don't ask me how I know...it's a Southern thing...we girls just know. One of those little pocket rockets of yours somewhere in that glorious mess of cream you shot into me just found the love of his life, and he's taking over. OH...this is so gorgeous!" she shouted, laughing and wildly shaking her head.
"Oh, Hayden, my wonderful love, this is joy beyond anything I've known!"
To his utter astonishment, Parker jumped out of bed, threw open the door of the camper and rushed down the stairs to high-step about the yard like some naked drum major before a marching band. She was crying, laughing, yelling and blowing kisses at the young man standing speechless in the doorway. For once in his life, Hayden was genuinely without a single thing to say.
Add to that embarrassment when Mikasa and Courtney appeared beside him, naked, bleary eyed and staring in wonder at the scene before them.
"Hayden,what in the hell is going on out here!" exclaimed Mikasa, a laugh breaking her countenance as she watched Parker strutting across the ground, as naked as the day of her birth. "What in heaven's name did youdoto that woman?"
"Mikasa, please just ask her...just...please."
She made her way down the steps and over to Parker, grabbing her in a tight embrace. After a moment of whispered excitement, Mikasa stared up at Hayden and Courtney and said slyly, "Aha! You've knocked her up."
"How are you two so sure?"
"Because, oh, perfectly gorgeous young hunk and man-of-the-hour, we girls just...,"
"...know these things!" finished Hayden with a broad grin.
Parker acted like a young girl in the throes of some huge excitement that thrilled her soul. She hugged Mikasa, ran to Courtney to hug her, turned to Hayden and smothered him with kisses.
"I know how I'm going to celebrate today," she sang. "I'm not getting dressed all day long. Just get used to me like this all day!" she crowed.
"Parker, honey, by now after watching those epic video and slide shows of you, I know there are a lot of days you don't get dressed at all," remarked Mikasa with a throaty laugh.
"I know, I know," she laughed, "but this is different. I have a life inside my body, I'm pregnant by my Golden Boy, and this is so precious that I'll relive it always. Courtney." She giggled as she approached the camper, "Will you get my brush and brush out my hair, please? I need to be presentable for this wonderful day."
"Honey chile," replied the bruised girl with one of her first real smiles and an overemphasized Southern drawl, "I would never stand in the way of a gorgeous, pregnant, buck-nekkid gypsy woman who wants to strut around like that all day. But lemme tell you this, girlfriend, before this day is out you are going to be one overworked and exhausted lady. You don't get to wander around here free of charge with those gorgeous, huge boobs and that body."
As the three stared at her, Parker grinned, her eyes flashed, and she said, "Ohhh, goody!"
Chapter 20
Plans and Discovery
The four sat around a small fire in the yard beside the camper. The weather wasn't really cool, but there was an edge in the air that made having some clothes on a good idea. Mikasa and Courtney had already begun to feel a part of this small group.
"Ladies, we still have some work to do and honestly, I'm stumped." Hayden appeared puzzled as he sat with his arm around Mikasa. Parker and Courtney were busily trading suggestive looks when the conversation began. The girl's attitude and bearing had changed noticeably in the past few days, quiet and pleasing testimony to the fact that affection, respect, and genuine interest in her worked wonders for this long-abused lady.
"You all are my friends now, the only ones I've got," said Courtney softly and with a discouraged, defeated air. I want to be a part of you and whatever you are doing here, but I don't have anything...I'm even wearing borrowed clothes from you, you sweetheart." She glanced at Parker.
Parker gazed intently at her and remarked, "Courtney, it's what you do after you've lost everything that defines who you are. You've actually lost everything but yourself...the woman you are, your talents, and the ability to desire a better life. We want to help you make that new start.
"Look at me...do you really want to do this?"
Courtney trembled at the intensity of Parker's gaze. Then she realized that she really had no other option. Besides, there was something about these people, Hayden and this gypsy woman, that gripped her deep within. They had purpose...they had determination...they knew how to love each other...and they weren't afraid.
"Yes," she said, tears flooding her eyes. "Yes. If you'll help me."
"Of course we will, sweet girl. Of course we will." Parker kissed her eyes, the tip of her nose, and ended with by slipping her tongue into the girl's mouth.
"Pardon me if I sound pushy. I don't mean to," remarked Mikasa as she moved closer to Hayden. "You remarkable people are here to do some hunting for Henry Plummer's treasure, aren't you?"
Her expression was not one of self-importance or nosiness. She had an air of quiet interest and respect for Hayden and Parker.
Hayden and she had been of a mind for several days that since they were at a dead end in their search, they ought to bring in their two new friends. If they could add some local insight to where the outlaw sheriff might have concealed his loot, they'd all benefit.
"Yes, we are," he replied. "We work for a company, PRISM Designs, that engages in searching for antiquities and treasures. We're not interested in raping history or the valuables that someone might possess. But hidden treasure is just that...hidden. If we discover it, we quickly give a part first to those who own or control the area of discovery. We divide the rest up among our team members who make the find; of course, our company benefits as well."
"In our preparation," interjected Parker, "we found that somewhere back in his day, Plummer had been interested in a woman he never married, but she was closer to him than anyone else. Have you heard anything about that?" She looked tenderly at the girl beside her, then at Mikasa. She also winked her approval of Mikasa's closeness to Hayden.
"I...I...ummm," Courtney said in a soft voice, as if she were embarrassed about something.
"What is it, Courtney? Hayden probed gently, not wanting to give the impression that he was primarily interested in milking her for what she could do for them.
"Excuse me for a minute," she said, hopping up and hurrying into the camper. In a moment she returned with the small tote bag she had brought with her. She emptied it carefully beside her on the hard packed earth. She held a picture, a small framed tintype of a man and a woman standing in front of what they recognized as the Bannack Court House.
"My mother passed this down to me from way back in my family," she said with quiet pride. Ralph wanted it like crazy. It's a picture of Henry Plummer and the woman he was going with. I don't know her name."
"Her name was Joanna, Courtney, and she'd be something like your great-great grandmother. Maybe add one more 'great' in there. Hayden answered. "You have something right here that is far more valuable than you realize. This looks like one of the very few actual pictures of Henry Plummer."
"How interesting!" exclaimed Parker, extending her had to hold it. "Why do you think Ralph wanted it so badly? Is that why he used to beat you? Because he knew you had it, and for some reason it was really important?"
"Yes. He talked about it all the time. He knew something that he never told me, but..." She lapsed into silence.
"Courtney, may I see it for a moment?" Hayden held the picture carefully, marveling at the sharpness of detail in the old picture. He turned it over. It was held in the old frame by small nails securing a piece of ancient pasteboard.
"May I take off this pasteboard?"
"Yes. Do you think there's something in there? I've never looked."
Hayden withdrew his Leatherman multi-tool from its small black nylon holder and selected the pliers to carefully withdraw the seven small-headed nails holding the picture in its frame.
Beneath the cardboard lay a folded yellowed piece of paper. The group sat breathless as Hayden carefully unfolded the scrap.
Parker walked over to stand behind him. He felt her bend over his shoulder to look at the crabbed writing. Her breasts bulged from the low neckline of her sweater, resting heavily and softly against his shoulder and face.
"Love you, Golden Boy," she whispered. "You're mine."
"It looks like a poem of some sort," he remarked with a smile, snuggling his face against her warm flesh.
"Well, read it, Beautiful Man!"
"It says,
'Windy, dry places are the most peaceful.'
'Never thought I'd leave the trail for balder spots.'
'If only I had a couple of hours to set things right...one way or the other.'
'Into the darkness, sloping to my gun hand.'
'Trash all around the dark little piles.'"
Chapter 21
The Translation
"What can that possibly mean," wondered Mikasa with a quizzical expression.
"All right, let's assume it's important and that it somehow provides one or more clues to the whereabouts of X, Y, or Z...we don't really know what. Only that Ralph wanted it awfully bad."
The four sat quietly for a full half hour before Hayden spoke. "We have to think like Henry did.'Windy, dry places are the most peaceful.' 'Never thought I'd leave the trail for balder spots.'I've always wondered if Plummer hid something in the opposite direction from the area around the road to Virginia City. Could this mean that he's left the main road, trail, and has gone someplace high and dry?"
"That could imply a hilltop or a mountain," added Mikasa, now intensely interested in this new venture.
"Okay, good shot," smiled Hayden. "He's gone up high and away from the beaten path where he's done most of his thefts. Parks, do you remember that area back in the hills where it looked as if someone had actually done serious prospecting and digging up there?"
"Yes. Yes! I do remember that, Hayden. I wonder if...," the dark woman mused wordlessly, her eyes closed.
Okay, let's move on."
"If only I had a couple of hours..." what if that told how long it would either take him to get there one way, or if it referred to an hour going and an hour coming back?" Courtney's face shone with excitement.
"You're right again," Hayden complimented her. "Gypsy, remember you told me on the way up here that just before they hanged Plummer, he said that if they'd give him a horse and two hours he could bring them enough gold to make them all rich?
"Let's assume that he means it's an hour one way to the hideaway and an hour to get back. Parks, how long do you figure it took us to ride up to that area where we saw somebody had dug a shaft?"
"About an hour, give or take a bit," she smiled at him. She once more bent over his shoulder, and this time she bared her left breast to press it against the right side of his face. "About an hour.
"So that," sweet lover, "may be what the phrase 'one way or the other' implies, I'll bet you dollars-to-donuts. Given what he said at his hanging, we can ignore 'the other' and focus on 'one way.' He meant that it would take two hours all told, and it was one hour one way to the gold. Then an hour back. Make sense?"
"Do you have any spark of an idea how tough you make it for me to think while you do that?" he asked, desperately trying to be serious and failing completely. He turned and kissed her hard nipple. She held his face there briefly.
"In the midst of your enjoyment of her monster breast," giggled Mikasa, "what else do you think all this means?"
"Parker, sit here beside me. That'll save me from your torture," Hayden ordered, grinning at the others. She moved to his side away from Mikasa and sat down.
"All right...now, do what you do best...go ahead, I know what you're gonna do!"
Parker obediently removed her right breast from her sweater, cupped both to jiggle them softly, then sat back with a 'Who, me?' smile.
"Oh, Lord, Parker. You are so big, girl!" exclaimed Mikasa, unable to take her eyes off Parker's heavy, creamy flesh.
"The better to eat you, my dear," she replied. "And to let you milk me when I start making it."
Mikasa blushed lightly and whispered, "Thank you, Baby. That'll be fun."
"OKAY,okay!" Hayden's voice rose over the lascivious goings-on by the fire. "You people apparently can't get serious here, so we are going to the hills to work out this riddle. Go get dressed...or whatever you call 'dressed.' Parker, if it's not asking too much of my pregnant woman, would you get the ATVs out of the Peterbilt and gas 'em up. I'll get the weapons and some tools."
"No sooner said than done, you luscious beast," laughed Parker who was now having a grand time.
Chapter 22
The Mine
Courtney and Mikasa returned dressed somewhat for the occasion in jeans and tank tops. Hayden wondered aloud, "Doesn't anybody around hereeverwear a bra?"
"Ofcoursenot," replied Parker gaily. "When we know very well what breasts do to you men and how we can reduce you to quivering blobs of jelly with a great pair of tits, why would we ever wear a bra?"
For her own part, she had done nothing more than swap her light sweater for a tight tank top, pull on black denims, and strap on a Ka-Bar combat knife.
Mikasa reminded Hayden of their need for a first aid kit, and Courtney asked where to get water and food. He was pleased that they were all thinking about this and were taking useful parts without having to be told.
"Parks, ride behind me. Courtney, will you ride behind Mikasa. Mikasa, you know how to drive one of these, don't you?" She nodded. "Thought so."
He wore a GALCO shoulder harness for a Smith & Wesson .357 Magnum revolver. Parker had removed the Ka-Bar and replaced it on a ballistic nylon belt with which also carried her Combat Magnum and a pair of speed loaders. Hayden gave Mikasa a Mossberg pump shotgun. To Courtney he handed a belt of 12-gauge slug and 00 buckshot rounds.
"Remember...Rule One of 'Wellington's Basic Survival Techniques' is, "If we need a nail file, we'll take a chainsaw," he grinned at the women, repeating his words to Ralph the night before.
They set off for the back woods and hills.
Once more the all-terrain vehicles made their way quietly into the hills and then high lands above and beyond Bannack. There was very little conversation among the four, but that did not stop Parker and Courtney from fondling everything they could put their hands on with the driver in front of them.
Parker snuggled her breasts against Hayden's back and slid her hands into his shirt, clasping his own firm mounds and toying with his nipple rings. Courtney surrendered all pretense of any hesitation with her lesbian friend and placed her hands on Mikasa's thighs. As they drove she gradually slipped them beneath her short skirt and found her bare.
She playfully tugged the short pendants she found attached to the woman's pussy rings, bringing sighs and smiles from her driver. If she'd had a lifetime to guess, Courtney would never have imagined that she would be free of her nightmare and would be riding an ATV with her lover on a mission to find old gold.
The team of four bounced and jounced their way over the terrain, each consumed with personal thoughts and desires. The young man leading the women had their full confidence, something that surprised them now and then. Hayden acted and reacted with a maturity and self-control that was almost unheard of in men his age.
Helookeddifferent from what they'd expected leaders to be, tough, hard-bitten, ill-tempered and so-on. Here was Hayden Wellington, certainly a leader, yet almost with the appearance of a woman if one looked only at the hair and mouth. There was no mistaking the body as that of a trained, strong man. Today his long hair hung down his back in a huge pony tail.
With powerful hands and arms he controlled his vehicle. His khaki shirt, unbuttoned for the most part, displayed his powerful frame...and those unusual, sexually-charged breasts and nipples. His jeans showed the miles of hard work wear that couldn't be faked with artificial cuts and tears.
Each of the three wanted him and, with the exception of Parker who already owned him, they were growing to love him...deeply. He had already consumed Parker Scott with his adoration.
Hayden slowed his ATV as he topped the hill, dodging scrub and low pine growth. At a low hanging, wind-twisted pine he stopped and got off his buggy. Parker, Courtney and Mikasa followed.
Now that they were there a second time, they found the area to be partially concealed from being simply a bare hilltop. A few weathered scraps of wood piling lay scattered about, nothing that would call attention to there being the adit of a mine nearby. Though the temperature was pleasant, the atmosphere was close, and they had all begun to perspire heavily.
Hayden removed his shirt, tossing it aside onto the seat of the buggy. He ignored the hungry stares of the three women at his muscular abdomen and breasts with their bouncing nipple rings.
"Parker and Courtney, please help me with something here," said Hayden. "Mikasa, will you check around in all directions with the binoculars just to be sure we are alone and unobserved."
"Lord," whispered Mikasa to Parker, "I have died and gone to heaven. How are we supposed to get anything done with him like that?"
"Let me make it harder for you," snickered Parker. "It never gets any easier. I want to tear into him right now and we've been together for a year."
"Okay, "Into the darkness...that has to mean that he...we...enter the mine.'Sloping to my gun hand...'Hah! What could that mean?"
"Hayden, what hand did Plummer use to shoot with?" Parker stared at him with a glint in her eyes.
"Parks, way back in the history you explained on the way here, you said something about Plummer and some other guy both running for sheriff. People liked the other guy better...,"
"Yep. In the first election when the town had advertised for a sheriff, Plummer and a butcher named Hank Crawford ran against each other. People liked Crawford better and he won. Plummer hunted down Crawford with a coach gun, but Crawford was waiting for him and loaded up his right arm...his gun arm...with buckshot.
"Plummer was right-handed, so that put thequietuson his gun-fighting skills...for a bit. Plummer wasn't a quitter. He started practicing with his left hand and actually got as good southpaw-style as he was before. He was deadly, and when Crawford heard about it, he quit and turned in his badge."
"So, he's left-handed now! That has to be what'sloping to my gun hand'means. Whatever it is, it's on the left side of the cave, or something."
He and the two women began scraping at a dirt-covered depression in the ground. As they worked, they uncovered the heavier outlines of an opening in the ground. When they'd cleared the flat spot, the outline of a rough, long-hidden door appeared. There were no hinges; the sole means of getting the heavy thing open was to insert one's fingers or a crowbar into the horizontal cutouts in the inner sides of the horizontal side boards and haul upwards.
With all four of them pulling up on it, the dry, dusty cover reluctantly came loose to reveal the firm shape of an opening to a larger area below. They had found Henry Plummer's secret mine.
""All right, ladies," we can't afford to have anyone slip up on us. I need each of you to take a thirty minute stint at the door here to keep watch. With the shotgun. The rest of us will search and spell each other as time passes."
"Makes good sense," said Mikasa, taking up a positon just inside the mine shaft on a small ledge at the door of the adit. "I'll stay up here first."
The three unclipped their flashlights and moved into the dark shaft. As Hayden and Parker suspected the entire shaft quickly turned to limestone, the geological structure that underlay this area and produced the altered sediments that farther down the valleys gave up gold. An overcoating of dust softened lines and partially concealed everything.
They moved carefully around a small bend in the low tunnel. Hayden glanced at Parker and grinned at her. As he suspected, her sweat soaked the skimpy tank top, making it cling to her torso like her own skin. One heavy breast had already worked its way free and swung invitingly in the beam of his light.
"Like what you see, Golden Boy?" she chuckled. "It's all yours, lover. I'm not even started!"
"I certainly do like what I see," giggled Courtney. "Do you think I might get some, too?" she asked.
"Of course, baby! I'm pretty sure there's enough of these to go around." Parker grinned and jiggled her chest furiously. "I promise...you'll have all you want tonight. And in case you haven't noticed, Courtney, you have a wonderful pair of tits yourself. Bouncy, heavy and all stuck to that tank top."
"Girls, girls, this is what guys call pissing on fireplugs. Take a look at this. See these long depressions in the floor here on the left...that, me beauties, is just about the size of a government ammo crate back them. And I'll bet you when we get it up it'll have contained .45 - 70 Government rounds. Help me dig. Courtney, lovely lady, stop drooling over Parker's tits and use your shovel to dig it out."
She laughed goodnaturedly, now feeling that she was really a part of something that mattered. As the grit and stone flew from the hole, they saw the outline of a flat, partially dry-rotted case. The shapes of dark colored bags filled it from end-to-end.
"Courtney, you uncovered this first. Now pull out one of those bags and let's see what you found, girl."
She gingerly withdrew the old oil-soaked leather, hefting its weight. Something within clinked together. After pulling over a small piece of whitish wood, she carefully poured out the bag's contents; the sheen and beauty of old gold coins glimmered in the flashlight beams.
"Mikasa," called Hayden, "come on down and get a look. I'll take over the watch."
The older woman hopped down, kissed him as she pressed by him in the narrow passage, and with excitement bent over the find. He noted in passing that while she moved rapidly, there was nothing cursory about her warm, moist kiss. Nor was there in her brief cupping of his right breast.
She moved on to the open crate in the dusty floor of the shaft. Courtney gingerly handed her one of the bags, but it made no sound as she lightly squeezed it. Parker cupped her hands as Mikasa poured the contents into the depression. Gold nuggets, rounded, large gold nuggets unlike anything she had ever imagined.
They opened two more bags, one of nuggets and some flakes of gold, the other containing gold and silver coins.
"Hayden, Baby, don't you think we ought to get all this out of here and do our looking back in the camper?" Parker grinned at her lover, both of them bathed in sweat and dirty as two urchins. At the mouth of the mine, Hayden strove to catch any small breeze as he vainly pulled away errant wads of reddish-gold hair sticking to his face and shoulders. He jumped down to their level.
"You're right. Let's open the other two cases...that's what's in these other two depressions here. Mikasa, you and I will get it all out and into the bustle racks on these vehicles. Parker and Courtney, will you dig out the other holes and start helping. Try to pack the load evenly. I'm going to try restoring and covering this entrance so it doesn't advertise that someone's been here."
Chapter 23
Taking Stock
Their trip back to the Peterbilt camper was considerably more uncomfortable because of the extra weight of five boxes of gold. Parker had covered each load with a canvas and secured them with trucker straps. Everyone was grimy, tired, and excited.
Once they'd arrived and ridden the ATV's into the back of the truck, they carried the hoard of fist-size bags of gold into the central room and placed them on the table and floor.
"You know," remarked Mikasa with a sigh of exhaustion, "this is the most exciting thing I've ever done...but I gotta take a bath. I'm a scumbag."
"Let's all do that," added Courtney.
During the next hour the crew trickled back into the large room and took their seats around the table. They all wore shorts, nothing else. But the thrill of what they were about to do overrode their simmering urges.
"Before we get started, I want you to know something, Courtney and Mikasa. Today changes your lives from hardscrabble to opportunity. Each of you gets a share of what we found today. PRISM pays Parker and me pretty well, and we'll keep a few coins. But the lion's share will be divided among what we'll leave for the Montana Historical Society to divvy up, PRISM gets a wad, and you sweet ladies who helped us so much get enough to enable you to do just about whatever you want to."
Courtney's pretty face was streaked with tears as the realization of what Hayden said sank home. Mikasa sat dumbfounded, speechless.
Parker giggled delightedly. "I don't know whether to laugh at you lovely girls with your jaws resting on the table, or grab you and make love to each of you till we get old and gray!"
"Well, while you topless wonders figure it out, I'll divide this haul." As the women watched in amazement, Hayden separated a sizeable portion of the more valuable 1850s and 1860s gold coins for the Montana Historical Society. "We'll ship these anonymously from one of our cover locations to the state. The rest will vanish into the mists of history."
"Hayden, what should each of us do with this? I've never seen so much gold, much less had anything."
"Courtney, if you and Mikasa want to return to Florida and be parts of our team and our erotic programming, we'd really like for you to do so. This is no personal slight to either of you...my and Parker's suggestion is that you allow us to put yours into an investment program managed by one of the best specialists in the country.
"You can live off the interest without ever touching the principal and go on to develop the professional careers you want while you do so. You, Courtney, are safe now and no one will be asking us anything. You'll be effectively cut off from your past except for your Social Security Number. Mikasa, we want you to be with us, too. You like Courtney are a sensuous, exciting and lovely woman."
Parker interjected softly, "I believe you'll experience more of our thinking along those lines in the days to come. The one thing we absolutely insist on is that you wear the lovely and very sensuous, sexually stimulating clothing our company designs. We're known internationally for that. My intimate Italian friend Lexo admits that now all of her 'dollar-bill' skirts come from us."
"I personally enjoy showing myself," said Courtney with a bashful grin. "It excites me. Does your company have any advice on how to dress that way and not get arrested for it?"
"Yesss, it does," replied Hayden with what on his face amounted to a leer. We are experts at helping people know how to expose themselves while being casual and unintentional about it. While we have many reports of enjoyable experiences, we have very, very few about people who have gotten into difficulty because of their public exposure. Including sexual intimacy."
"Parker," Mikasa addressed the gypsy, "when I saw the way you performed and conducted yourself at the restaurant the other night, I realized that I wanted to learn more about how to do that, too."
"Both of you are extremely attractive and sexually arousing woman. I can help you with a lot of your being more erotic each day. And won't it be fun!" Parkers face shone with excitement at the thought of their coming intimacies.
"If you will be so kind...!" Announced Hayden as he began the process of dividing the treasure. He spent the next hour separating into piles the women's parts of Plummer's gold and that which would go to PRISM.
"This will be subject to the assessment of our specialists in Palm Beach, but that only means that they will determine the value of all of this, then ensure that your shares are equally portioned. I can tell that some of these coins are incredibly valuable now while others are simply 'really valuable' by modern standards. I have never seen these small gold and silver coins...must be something special."
"H-h-how much do you guess this is all worth?" asked Courtney timidly.
"Before it's all over, I suspect that it's to top multiple millions. These coins are rare, and the nuggets are of a shape not often seen anywhere. This is going to be one of PRISM's most important finds. It may even rival the discovery and reclamation of theSS Central Americathat sank in 1857 carrying a cargo of gold that by today's value totaled around $500 millions. All ofthatstill hasn't been recovered."
"Courtney and Mikasa, each of you is going to have well over $15 million dollars each. My hope and prayer for you is that above all, you don't let it change you. Please."
Parker smiled at her lover and suggested, "Why don't you and Mikasa enjoy the rest of the evening, and Courtney and I'll do the same."
"Honey, that may scare Mikasa to death," laughed Hayden, glancing at her.
"Young man, and I emphasize the 'young' part because you are so perfectly delicious...just wait. You just wait. Are you man enough to handle this oriental knockout?"
"Hmm, now that's a tough one. Lemme see...yep, I firmly believe that I can rise to the occasion."
"I cannot believe this lathering of doubleentendresby my nearly-teenage man," giggled Parker, absentmindedly fingering her nipple.
"I promise to take good care of him," Mikasa assured her, directing a perfectly ravenous look at the redheaded young man beside her.
"Well, as much as I am yours, Golden Boy, Courtney and I have things to attend to. From the looks of the situation, it'll take all night to do so. Hayden, why don't you and Mikasa go do what you'd like to. Courtney and I will take the back bedroom."
Hayden smiled at Mikasa and said with a put-on air of resignation, "She certainly told us off. Guess we have no choice. How about getting dressed and let's take a walk for a while."
"I'd like that very much," she answered quietly. "Give me a minute." She pulled on an oversize tee shirt and a knee-length skirt.
Chapter 26
A Sweet, Quiet Night
Hayden and Mikasa put on light jackets and walked out into the moonlit darkness. He made no deliberate effort to become intimate; rather, she slipped her hand into his and they walked slowly in silence. Each was aware of the other in that very personal way that presages much sweeter and deeper things, but the stillness and their nearness spoke volumes.
"You don't know this, Hayden, but before I met you, almost all my intimate relations have been with women. Their love has been out of this world, and I will always enjoy my lesbian delight. But...you have completely upset me and all my thinking about men."
"How, Ma'am?"
"Please, beautiful man, call me 'Miko'. It's my intimate name, and more than anything this minute, I want intimacy with you. You are three younger years than I am, yet it makes no difference to me. I can't explain that. You aren't anything like the other men I've known. You are courteous, generous, tender, and deeply loving...I can tell that by the way Parker adores you...and I want to know that in my own life. You are far too wise for your age; that arouses me no end. There is something dangerous about you; that reassures me and makes me desire you because I know I'll be safe with you."
He stopped and turned her to him. "You compliment me far too much, Miko. I'm only me, and some people look at me as just a long-haired kid."
Mikasa drew his face to her own and ran her moist tongue about his lips before slipping it into his mouth. He responded immediately though he let her lead in her insistence and heat. He felt her pour her juices over his tongue, lighting a fire deep within his body.
"Hayden, no...don't be afraid to respond to me. I'm ready to fall at your feet, gorgeous man," and she chuckled at the thought. "I want you. I want you tonight with all your strength and softness and...and...," and she trailed off into frustrated silence.
"Shh, Miko. Be still. I need you, also, and I want you."
She unzipped her jacket, exposing the short top that hardly covered her breasts. With both hands she grasped his and placed them on her chest, massaging her nipples with his fingers.
He opened his own jacket and drew her close. "Do you realize how desirable you are? I'm aroused by the shape of your eyes and the creases beside your mouth that prove you smile a lot. Lord, I love those dimples. And Miko, you're not being pushy and too forward. I'll be slow and careful and tender."
"I know that, and it simply sets me on fire, Hayden. I need you inside me...I want to feel your lips on my nipples and your mouth sucking in my whole breast. And don't even consider putting on some hideous latex thing! I need you bare and I need you repeatedly! Am I wanting too much?"
"Not at all, Mikasa. Be still while I hold you and whisper. Not only do we have all night and others to come, but you'll get to know others in our family and our company who will love you, encourage you, and be the most erotic people you've ever met. Parker and I hope you will take a large part in our explicit exhibitionism on-line, our further development of high quality lesbian erotica, and certainly in her and my relationship with you. I know you and Courtney are lovers and that should continue.
"You are a lovely, sensuous, mysterious woman and you touch Parker and me in some very deep ways."
He slowly ran his hands over her body from her hips to her face, gently kissing her neck and ears as he did so. She sighed and rested her head against his shoulder.
"Hayden, will you make love to me out here in the night? If you'll cover me and hold me and warp your jacket around me, I'll be fine."
Hayden opened his denims and withdrew his stem, feeling it harden. Mikasa removed her slacks, then placed her hands on his shoulders as he helped her gently to the ground. As she spread her thighs and thrust one leg on either side of the small tree, he set her down on his shaft and felt her sink to his full length. Her slipperiness indicted her arousal and readiness.
"Oh! Oh, Hayden...good...OH...you are so huge inside of me. I feel as if I've been staked on some gorgeous telephone pole."
They sat in silence, relishing the sensation of his thick cock sliding into her, spreading her hot, sticky flesh, of her slippery warmth enfolding him in a creamy blanket. With his fingers he tenderly explored the outlines of the heart-shaped sculpted pussy fur artfully surrounding her vagina.
She nodded with a smile, staring at him before she spoke. "Hayden, Parker has already told me that this isn't going to be anything like just a few times for us. I want you to do erotic things to me; arousing, sweet, messy things to me. I want you to spurt your cream on my face...I have no idea why that is so exciting, but it makes me burn inside.
"I want you to do this to me in public places, in full view of others, and I want to be seen. I want people to take pictures of us. I want to get that gorgeous rod so far down my throat that you come out my other end! I want you to fill my mouth with thick oil and then I want to feel it all sticky and gooey on my lips. I want you to make me an incredible, delicious mess."
He stared at her saying nothing as he enlarged slightly at her description of her desires.
Mikasa wanted to move, but he held her in place, seated on his shaft. They could feel their bodies becoming aroused with the sheer pleasure of the still sensations and their thoughts.
"How can you possibly cause me to surrender so easily when I've hated all the men I ever knew? My insides recognize you as if you and I have made love for a century!"
"Oh, help me!" she whimpered in a small voice.
Hayden refused to allow her to move, forcing her to weep with pleasure and cry out again as her orgasm approached without their even having moved. "Please, please give me...give me... you...do me, Hayden. Or lay me down on the straw and leaves and take me apart, but just screw me until I die!"
"Miko, you are going back with us, aren't you? To stay, not merely for a visit."
"Yes, yes, thousands of yesses," she whispered, now controlled by her oncoming train. "Oh, lover, you don't ever have to be concerned about making me pregnant...I've had my female organs removed. I had some early signs of possible cancer last year, and I didn't want to take chances. It was successful."
"Miko, we need you at PRISM. Parker and I and Ashwynde think you'll be ideal to meet and introduce our young people and our adults to the erotic pleasures of what we do. That means knowing them intimately and helping them to be at ease in exposing themselves to others. We'd like for you to help Parker and Ashwynde develop ways for our men and women to bare themselves and to enjoy intercourse at gatherings, in public places, and in sensuous venues that instantly arouse our viewers. Are you interested?"
"Mmm, oh, Hayden...here I go!"
Mikasa longed, even struggled, to move on his cock but he held her in place, forcing upon her a sweet orgasm generated by the sheer thoughts and feel of his stake within her. His burning, slow eruption filled her with sticky cream. She moaned, grasped his breasts, and pulled his nipple rings as their juices oozed from her body.
"Hayden," she whispered, "I'll do and be all of those things, but I want your promise that I can go as far as possible with what I do, be as uninhibited as possible. I want to create a sensuous storm for those young people and adults. I've seen your incredibly beautiful pictures that display everything so clearly. Will you not hold me back...?"
"You and Ashwynde are going to work well together. You know she's our gorgeous tranny girl boss with absolutely no restraints whatever."
"Ohhh, yes! I've seen her photos of business meetings where she shows everything, shopping sprees and parties, coming in to work wearing nothing but a sweater, stay-up hose and stilettos...oh, wow, is she ever uninhibited. I can't wait to meet her. I don't see how you people get anything done."
"You will. And no, no one will hold you back."
"Just look at you, Hayden.You'rethe meal of erotic thrills. Such a lovely mouth, gorgeous skin...lord, I want to lick every inch of you! I cannot get over the effect your breasts have on me...those fat nipples and rings that jump around. And your stem! Your skin tastes delicious, your cream is sticky and rich and gooey. I need your cum in me. You have no idea how that log of yours feels stuffing my mouth, shoving against the top of my throat. Oh, hell, I know I'm being brash and pushy, so I'll shut up."
"Mikasa, please...," Hayden said quietly, "you're not brash and pushy and I never want you to shut up. You are quite a sensuous treasure, lady. I know you're older than I am, but that starts fires burning in me and in Parker. You have talents we all need, and we want you because you're...you. I know the proof of what I say is in the time and in our deeds. You'll experience an entirely different life with us. It won't be like before."
She stared at him with an unwavering gaze, searching for the slightest sign of the insincerity she known for so long. There was none. Instead, she saw genuineness, appreciation and longing in his eyes and expression.
"Please help me up, beautiful man, and take me to bed. I wish I could express how much I want you to take me apart and eat all my pieces and then put me back together, again." She giggled at the impossibility of the process she'd just described.
"Mikasa...I love that classy name...let's enjoy this night together."
Chapter 27
A Difference In Loving
The two walked slowly to the camper and entered. Parker and Courtney were already in bed; he and Mikasa washed briefly and used the toilet. Then he turned down their bed and motioned for her to lie down.
Hayden gazed at the shape of her slender, smooth body and the way her breasts swayed heavily when she moved.
"Come to me, wonderful boy. These will not get in the way...and see...I'm already dilated for you. It feels as if my lips are vibrating before you take me. God! What is happening to me? I...I...this is so beautiful and hot and erotic...it just cannot be real!"
Hayden's slow movements and silence amazed her, he was so different from the other men who were like animals in some sexual fit. This young man was powerful, so much so that she could sense it. His hair fell over her, concealing everything but his face. The soft, thick waves...its heaviness, just these simple things enflamed her. He had to be the largest she'd ever seen, not to mention anyone she'd ever had inside of her.
He bent over her, his shaft now touching her abdomen as he moved to kiss her. He flicked his tongue about her lips, then touched each ear with moisture. He whispered something endearing, then he briefly touched each of her nostrils with his wetness. As he licked her lips, she felt him nose into her vagina, press and withdraw very quickly, then gently, slowly drive home to her base.
Mikasa's widened and she whispered, "Oh! Oh...how utterly gorgeous is what you've done to me. No one has EVER entered me this way and become part of my soul. You are too young to know such skills with a woman and yet, Hayden, you own me. Do you understand? O, Lord, you own me."
As he began to gently slide into and out of her, she wriggled beneath him, then erupted into a writhing, crying creature of soft, warm flesh and a lather of cream. Mikasa lost herself, grabbing Hayden in an embrace so powerful that he momentarily lost his breath.
Though he still had not come, he felt her liquids oozing from her, coating him, pooling on the sheets. Her pussy was so slippery that he accidentally pulled out of her in his withdrawal. He guided his cock back into her body and lost himself in a slow, withering heat of an orgasm.
He rose to stare at her, keeping himself to her full depth, and whispered, "Miko, you must feel like an artesian spring. Hold tight to me and let's turn over...I want you to leak out onto me as we sleep. I'll hold you, and don't worry about your weight on me. You're perfect...I feel protected and loved and defended with you there."
He touched her vagina to moisten the long finger of his right hand, then he inserted it into her anus and moved it about, feeling the tightness of her muscle and the warmth beyond.
She gasped softly, sighed with pleasure and tiredness, and went to sleep. Hayden held her all night, stroking her form, memorizing her as if he were a 3-D copier, relishing the slenderness of her shape, her lovely little bottom, the pillows of her breasts.
In the early morning, he came once more, enduring the climax while still. Their immobility heightened his desire. He felt his grease spurt into her, then start to creep back down his shaft. As he moved very gently, he felt the slipperiness of their bodies, now wet with their sticky, thick oils. It was delicious. He wanted to lick her and could not.
She sighed again, then opened her eyes. "I felt that, Angel Boy. I wish there was a sweet name for the precious way you've literally torn from me everything I am, then gave it all back along with yourself. Is this how a man makes love to the woman he adores?"
"Yes, it is. I told you last night that it would all be different for you."
"Let me get under you now, Hayden. I need you inside of me. And let's talk about how we can be even more risqué, more daring every day."
Hayden withdrew himself, helped Mikasa roll over and positioned her on her tummy. Then as she drew her buns apart, he slid into her hole. After easing back and forth to prevent hurting her, he pressed his full length through her anus and rested inside.
"I have never,ever, experienced this and felt like this. I had no idea that in my dislike for men I was missing the tender and sweet loving of someone like you. Hayden, sweetheart, you have created a need where there wasn't one and an altar of a man I didn't believe existed. Feeling you enter my body that way is so different than through my pussy."
"How?" he whispered.
"You are so extremely large, Hayden. You stretch me to the point that it ought to hurt. But I don't. I feel you tight, huge, and stuffed inside me with your lovely body on top of me. I feel oddly 'jammed up,' so impossibly full as if I've been invaded by something abnormal yet wonderfully created to be inside me. I can't talk now because I'm going to come, and you have to lose it all inside of me, too...please!"
With that, she squirmed, sighed, then moaned. Soon she gasped as a smooth, tickly little orgasm drifted through. Hayden moved in and out of her anus as she did so. He imagined Mikasa in various styles of dress as she exposed herself to others, casually, briefly, for extended periods, and moving on through her day. She was different than Parker, yet in ways so subtle that he couldn't describe them.
Parker's body hair, great breasts and air of suggestive mystery fed the flames of his longings. Mikasa's much thinner, smooth body and the latent strength in her arms, thighs and calves were like a thick, nourishing cream that oozed into his mind and heart, inflaming his thoughts and intensifying his yearnings to possess her. She would really be a traffic-stopper if she did what she'd described, and that was what PRISM wanted.
At ten o'clock that morning the two lovers parted, leaving a deliciously messy bed and with each other pleasantly exhausted. They bathed and dressed for the day, then with giggles and snickers remade the bed and placed their evening's mess in the washer.
Chapter 28
On the Way Home
The group spent that day in playfully goofing around, deciding on ways to expand the erotic intensity of public exposure on PRISM's website, and enjoying each other's intimacy.
Mikasa was more than stunned with her webinar meeting with Ashwynde who, at the time they spoke, was taking time out of a business meeting in which she was dressed so sensuously that the Japanese girl gasped in surprise. The fiery-maned tranny wore a short black and open top dress that flared into a tennis-style skirt short enough that it barely fell below her rigid penis and plump ball sac. Mikasa watched as others in the group behind the girl stared at her with obvious lust.
As she faced the camera, Ashwynde casually spread her legs to reveal everything bare beneath. She was completely hardened. Mikasa squirmed as a bolt of sexual electricity raced through her body.
Their conversation was lengthy, enjoyable animated, and assured Mikasa that PRISM was thoroughly ready to include her in the group while giving her almost unrestricted leeway to increase the sexual intensity of their on-line presence.
Mark welcomed her in a warm and personable fashion, and she was amazed at the raw beauty of Lauren, head of the company.
While she interviewed with PRISM management, Hayden led Courtney and Parker in packing up for the trip home. He overheard Lauren, the general manager and Ashwynde direct Mikasa to prepare herself to be completely unrestrained in her appearance with them, around others, and in meetings. Her job would be to oversee the development of ways for their models and trainees to casually and graciously shed personal inhibitions about nearly everything physical and sexual.
Lauren explained that she wanted the majority of their pictures, save for those individual and posed shots, to be around others and as risqué as possible. She emphasized carefully that there would be none of the irritating 'public' pictures taken on abandoned roads, in unpopulated outdoor venues, and where people were looking the other way.
"In other words, Miko, we want you and PRISM to break new ground in the extensive exposure of erotica around other people."
The young man smiled as he listened. After last night with her, he had no doubt that she would be more than up to the task.
Lauren provided her with a web link into a non-public part of the company so that she might see all of their models dressed, undressed, and in every conceivable position of sexual intimacy. Mikasa was to develop ways for them to expose themselves to erotic extremes, openly, stylishly, yet in a manner that would avoid negative public and legal opposition. If that were at all possible.
The company's entire line of erotic clothing was available for her analysis as she planned the work ahead.
They surveyed the campsite to ensure that there was no sign they'd ever been there save for the tire tracks, then with Parker in the driver seat they pulled out of Bannack State Park, Montana, and headed for south Florida and home.
Hayden was intrigued about a new job Mark had mentioned. Something about the American southwest, theSan- orSangre de- something-or-other, a Dutchman and lost treasure. He and his team would be ready.
_Part 7 of the Record_