Chapter 4 - Becoming my younger son's slave
We certainly had made the best of the few weeks I'd had with my sons and daughters before they went back to college. Even when my daughters and I were on, our mouths and assholes were well used by our sons, although I got much less action when Charlie was back home, my kids fucking in their rooms. I sucked him off, but even allowing for the effect of my period, he got nowhere close to the renewed passion we'd had on his previous time at home, much to my disappointment.
One thing I had come to love, was pulling one of my sons' cocks out of one of my daughters' cunts, sucking her cum off it, then pushing it back into one of her or her sisters' holes, or even my own. Of course, Lucy and Chloe enjoyed pulling one of my sons out of me in the same way. I had been a bit worried that I might get left out, but I was gratified that even Michael seemed to be as happy to fuck his forty-two-year-old mother as his nineteen year-old sisters.
Quite honestly, though, I don't think any of us could have kept up the pace we had set for any longer, where apart from intervals where the girls or boys went out with their friends, and I went to a variety of church meetings, the day was filled with some form of sexual activity. Even when some of us were away from the house, the rest of the family used the time fucking. I might have been able to claim my fall into incest was down to Michael's blackmail, but no one would have believed I was now doing it for any reason other than my depraved sexual satisfaction. A close inspection would have shown that my cunt and asshole were sore, as were my daughters', and even the boys cocks were looking red and rubbed.
I was therefore not totally sorry when Michael went off back to college, even though he might not be back again for a few weeks, if at all before the end of the semester, and my daughters went back to their studies, though they would be home many or most weekends. This left me with Tony, my baby son, or at least that was how I thought of him, even though he was eighteen. He was studying IT locally, so he would be home at night, unless he stayed with someone else. With any luck, I could go back to my previous daily routine of a run, and doing something with the church in the day, but having my cunt nicely filled in the evening by my younger son.
Unlike my elder son, Michael, who was a real twenty-one year-old hunk, Tony was more of a weedy nerve. He had mousey brown hair which always looked untidy, and a lean, five-nine frame, a bit shorter than my own five-ten. He was born at a perfect time for him, because he loved all sorts of IT, and had a natural flair for it, being far more knowledgeable than the rest of us on the internet, our tech, and our apps. He might have become a hacker, but instead earned a surprising amount of money finding gaps in big company security, alerting them, and sometimes even telling them how to fix things.
If IT was his clear first love, the income he got from alerting the companies but not making his findings public, started him off on his second. When one of the outlying farms was sold off, when the ancient couple who worked it died, the auctioneers discovered a 1965 Ford Mustang convertible, with a V8 and the GT package with a stick shift, plus a few other details that were lost on me. Apparently this all made it rare. However, to me it just looked a wreck, having been under bales of straw for decades, the paint faded and worn. For some reason, maybe because it was only discovered close to the auction date, it escaped the attention of the really deep-pocket collectors, and Tony took a fancy to it.
After intense persuasion for a couple of days, Charlie and I agreed to lend Tony whatever he needed beyond what he had, so he could buy it. It may have been missed by collectors who would have driven the price sky-high, but it still seemed awfully expensive to me for what looked like a pile of junk. Still, he managed to buy it, and he threw himself into restoring it with the same enthusiasm he had his computing.
After almost three years of work, it was now his pride and joy. It turned out the engine was in good shape, and easy to get working, but the rats and other beasts had trashed the insides, and Tony spent hours on the internet looking for original parts at prices he could afford. Now, though, the inside looked great, and the new hood was at last waterproof. My only complaint was that he'd decided to preserve the original paint, keeping what looked to me like shabby paintwork under coats of varnish. I couldn't believe when he told me how much more valuable it was than if he'd had it repainted.
He'd always been obsessive about technology and understanding how things worked. He'd pore over the manuals until he knew everything in them, then he'd do more research online, until he knew as much as even the manufacturers. Once Michael and my daughters had gone back to college on the Saturday before term started, it rapidly became clear that he was going to use the same approach on me as well, and that his obsessive loves were now me, his car, and his computing.
He straightway moved in to my bed, and it was great that first night, as my baby son fucked me hard, and then we went to sleep with him in my arms, sucking one of my breasts as he used to do when I was feeding him. It was only when I awoke in the morning that I started to realise that I had become one of his projects.
"I want to do everything with you today, Mom. I want to know you, and be so close to you that it will be as if we are one."
The first thing I had to do as usual when I woke up, was to go for a pee. He followed me into the bathroom, which was fine with me. Over the last few weeks we'd all become relaxed about closing the bathroom door when we peed, so I knew he must have seen me before. It turned out that that wasn't enough for him. He wanted to see everything, be able to see my pee hole and the pee coming out of it.
That was also fine with me, as he'd seen every little bit of my cunt many times now, and I'd squirted a few times when he'd fucked me. What I hadn't realised, though, was just how tricky it would be, given the design of the toilet, and I ended up sitting close to the front of the seat, holding my lips open so he could see my pee hole. The problem was that if I let out a trickle, it tended to run down my butt, which tickled, and wouldn't you know it, a trickle wasn't enough for my obsessive son.
I don't know about you, but once I start peeing, I find it really hard to stop. So when my son told me to pee hard, it shot out of me, hitting him in the face as he was crouched down so he could get a view at the same level as my pussy.
"Better open your mouth, son," I said, laughing out loud as the golden stream kept coming out of me and all over him, and I just didn't seem to be able to stop.
He swallowed some down, and I could see him pondering on its taste, mentally analysing it and storing it away in his brain, as well as noting the poorly controllable female anatomy. When I'd finished, I gave him a hug, and I kissed him, tasting my own pee as I pushed my tongue into his mouth. I told him that some women swore by the benefits of drinking their own pee, and I could see him also file that away for some more research, but though I didn't mind the taste, personally I'd never been convinced of the benefits. I made my own mental file as I said this, which was to get one or both of my daughters to pee in my mouth so I could see what theirs was like. Such a slut.
We were going to have a shower anyway, so we did it, and we got dressed ready for church before we had a quick breakfast. Tony'd decided we'd use his Mustang to drive us to the church, rather than get a lift with Elizabeth, so we had a bit more time, and after breakfast I thought I'd make use of it.
"I'm just going to nip to the bathroom before we leave," I said. "You stay here."
"No, Mom, remember You're my Mommy slave and I'm going to stay close to you today."
The problem was that I didn't mind my son watching me pee, but I needed a serious dump, and I'd always been sensitive about other people hearing me, let alone smelling and watching me.
"No, I'll only be minute ..." I tried to say, but I could see from his face that it was a lost cause, and it was going to be an experience I wasn't going to enjoy at all.
I walked in to the bathroom, and pulled down my knickers, ready to sit on the toilet, and Tony sat on the edge of the bath, watching me.
"Oh. Take them right off, Mom. You can go to church without wearing any today. Make sure you pull your skirt right up, though, so I can see you."
This was going to be difficult. I hadn't ever let anyone see me shit, even Charlie, though nor did I have any reason to think he ever wanted to. I sat down, and tried to push down in such a way that the contents of my rectum were going to come out, but I wasn't going to make any noise. It didn't work, of course.
"Come on, Mom, we haven't got all day. Maybe this will take your mind off it," my son said, taking his cock out of his trousers, and stroking it until it got stiff.
I didn't think it would, but I suppose it must have done, because I let out a little fart, followed by a splash. You can probably guess what had happened. My son's eyes widened, and his hand started working his cock harder. The dirty little bastard was going to jerk himself off watching his Mommy shit!
"Get on with it, Mommy. We all do it, so what's the problem? I just want to be part of every little bit of your life. Anyway, you must have changed me when I was a baby, then potty trained me, so I just want to share something of the same experience, but with you. If you don't hurry up, we'll be late for church, and when the pastor asks why, do you really want me to tell him that I had to wait for you to have a dump?"
All the time, he'd been working his cock, and I'd managed to get a few little bits out without any drama. Alright, if that's what he wants, fuck it, I thought. I pushed down hard, and let out a huge fart, followed by a series of splashes, and then I watched my son's cock fling a string of white spunk out towards me.
"Thanks, Mom. Let me wipe you, though, and next time we'll need to figure out how I can actually watch it come out of you. Still, I guess we'd better get on now."
I think my face must have been as red as a beetroot as he wiped my ass for me, and I knew he could see what I'd expelled, and it wasn't pleasant to any of the senses. I felt so ashamed and degraded. Thank goodness all he wanted to do was watch, as I would absolutely draw the line at messing about with what had come out of me. Pee is sterile, at least unless it picks up a few bacteria as it comes out, as it is filtered by the kidneys, and so is spunk. So even is a woman's cunt juice when it comes out, and what's more, given such a vulnerable opening, it is loaded with antibacterial chemicals.
The difference is that topologically speaking, your gut is the outside of you, the same way the hole through an imaginary long doughnut isn't the inside of the doughnut itself. Yes, it's got a few locks along the way, but it's basically like a canal through the middle of you, and it's stuffed full of bacterial, from what you've eaten, and the resident population which helps you digest your food. So playing with what comes out is definitely not a good idea, and favourite son or no, it was absolutely not on.
With all of that embarrassment, I'd forgotten that for the first time I'd be going to the church with no underwear under my dress. Luckily, there was little wind, and the fullness of my cotton skirt let me get out of the Mustang without flashing the pastor or any of the congregation, much, I suspected, to my son's disappointment. As I sat in the church I wondered whether the pastor would think letting me son see me shit was worse than letting him fuck me. That was how it felt to me, because I was loving having my children fuck me, but I suspected his answer would have been the opposite, and I just hoped he'd never find out anything about my present life.
When the service finished, I dragged Tony off as quickly as I could, as I was conscious of having no panties on, and it made me uncomfortable. Not as uncomfortable, though, as I was on the way back home.
"Pull your dress right up, Mom. I want to be able to see your cunt while I drive."
"No, Tony, someone might see when we stop at a junction, or if we pass a truck or a bus. Please."
"Remember, Mom, you're my slave, so pull your fucking dress up, and make sure you open your legs."
"Yes, master," I said reluctantly, pulling my dress up to my waist, and reclining the seat a bit to make sure he could see as much of my cunt as I could manage.
Fortunately, we got home without anyone seeing my nakedness. After we'd had some lunch, I'd arranged that we would go and help my sister, Christine, move in. It should have been a couple of days earlier, but there had been problems with one of the trucks breaking down on the long drive south from Alaska, and they were way behind. When we got there, the place was in chaos. The removal men were working like dervishes to get everything in, because they didn't normally work on a Sunday and wanted to get away as soon as they could. Christine and her twin boys, Jude and Jason, were also rushing around, trying to make sure that things went in the right room, and more often than not trying to get the shippers to move wrongly positioned items back to where they were supposed to be.
"Oh, hi Suz. It's great to see you after so long. And, can it be Tony? You've grown so much, though you're not quite as athletic as my boys."
"Hi, Auntie Christine. No, I'm more into brain than body things."
"Hi, Chrissy," I said, giving her a hug and a kiss. "What can we do to help?"
My words hopefully hid the emotions I was feeling. It really was good to see her after what must have been more than a year, but I was shocked by the way she looked. She'd really put on weight, and she looked old and tired. She wasn't fat - yet - but she'd gained a chin, and I could see that her stomach was flabby. and was sure she must have a visible belly roll if naked. Shit, she looked the way I was starting to looked when I'd hit the bottle, and I wondered if that was her problem as well. Maybe she started after her husband had walked out on her? O could this even be part of the reason they broke up?
It didn't take us long to figure out that we were more in the way than being helpful. Neither the removals men, nor Chrissy's sons thought that Tony was strong enough to carry anything except small things, and it seemed whenever I put anything in what looked like a good place, it wasn't where Chrissy wanted it.
"Look, Chrissy, we've probably more of a hindrance than a help. Why don't we leave you to it, and I'll come back in a few days when you've got everything square?"
We said our goodbyes, and although Chrissy hugged me as I left, I got the impression that she was happy to see us go. It was only when Tony was driving me back that I realised that I'd seen no sign of Jade, her daughter, her eldest, a bit older than Michael. As soon as we got back home, Tony reverted to his dominant role.
"Take all your clothes off, Mom, and let me look at you."
"Yes, Master," I said, and after I'd taken everything off, I stood in front of him sucking my thumb, and trying to look like a submissive young girl.
"Fuck, Mom. Are you and Auntie Christine really identical twins? She must have let herself go, because if you hadn't told me, I don't think I'd have spotted it, at least not for a while. She can't look anywhere near as hot as you do when she's naked."
"At least you won't be wanting to fuck her as well as me then, Master, will you?"
He didn't answer, but just gave me a little grin, and walked over to me.
"Wouldn't you like to watch me fucking your sister, Mom? Maybe I need a bit more persuasion to keep you as my slave rather than her," he whispered, as he started stroking my breasts, making my nipples spring to attention.
I reached down and undid his fly, pulling out his cock which stiffened in my hand almost as fast as my nipples had in his. I opened my legs a bit, and used his cock like a dildo, stroking it along my cunt, then pushing it up between my ears, and rubbing it around and around my clit. Then I dropped down on my knees and took his cock in my mouth. I pushed hard against my son, forcing his dick way down my throat. Tony held my head against him, choking me and stopping me breathing until I hammered on him with my fists to make him release me.
"I think you can take it longer than that, Mom."
He put his hands behind my head, and forced his cock down my throat until my lips were touching the zip of his fly, and he held it and held it, until I thought I was going to pass out, but at the last minute he pulled himself out of my mouth, just as everything started to go black, and my eyes were running. I had to put my hands on the floor and gasp a few breaths in, trails of saliva dripping from my mouth and his penis on to the floor. I'd barely got my breath back when I felt my son grab my hips, turn me round, and push me over so that I was knelt on the kitchen floor in front of him.
I felt his hand between my legs, and he grabbed my lips and pulled my cunt wide open. After my experience that morning, I expected to feel his cock going into my asshole, but instead he rammed it into my vagina as hard as he possibly could, moving me forward, and making me move my arms to stop myself falling on my face.
"I love you, Mom, and I love your slutty cunt."
"I love you, son" I managed to gasp in between his thrusts which took my breath away and threatened to tip me over again.
I kept trying to play with myself, though I had to keep stopping to stabilise myself. He started pulling right out of me, and when he did, I knew he'd be able to see right into my gaping cunt. Then he rammed back in me, causing burping noises to come from me, as the air trapped in my open vagina was forced back out. His balls banged against my vulva with each stroke, my tits were swinging violently under me, and I just wished we could both see them, as they must have looked amazing. Tony grabbed one now and again, but he had to shorten his stroke in that position, so he didn't hold on to it long. Instead, he slipped two fingers into my asshole, and each time his cock was deep in my belly, he pushed against it, sending delicious sensations right through me.
When I felt his strokes shorten and speed up, I knew he was getting close to coming, so I risked using my fingers as hard as I could on my clit. When he came, his last thrust was so violent that I fell on my face, my hand still working my clit. I came with my son laying on top of me, with his penis delivering his sperm deep in my vagina.
When we eventually picked ourselves up, I started to head for the bathroom to clean myself up. Even a quick glance at my reflection in the window showed that my face was a mess. The make-up I'd put on for church had run round my eyes from my tears, and my lipstick was smudged and spread from the flow of my saliva and his cock in my throat.
"No, Mom. I want to see you as you are, not the image you present to other people. I want to watch you getting us something to eat with my spunk dripping out of you, and your make-up a mess, because that was what I did to you. No, that we did together, your loving son and my slut Mommy. You look even lovelier to me than when you try to look pretty."
He was a nerd, and a bit weird, but I really did love him. It just made me feel so happy to know that he still wanted his old Mommy, even when her face was a mess, and her cunt was leaking sperm. Did I say he was weird? I'd almost forgotten the events of the morning before we went to church, but he hadn't, and after we'd eaten he came back to it.
"You are my slave, Mom, aren't you? And you will do anything I ask you to?"
"Yes, Master," I replied, wondering quite what was coming.
"I hope you can manage it, Mommy, because I want to see your shit coming out of you."
Fucking hell, I still found this disgusting and embarrassing, even if it had lost some of the impact the thought had had the first time that morning. As it happened, I'd thought I probably needed to go before bed, anyway. We walked into the bathroom, and by bending right over without sitting on the seat, I had my butt enough up in the air that my son was able to see my asshole. It took a bit of straining to get going, and I couldn't help peeing as well, the mixture of pee and spunk mostly missing the bowl, and running down the back of my legs. When I managed to turn my head far enough to see my son's face, he looked totally hypnotised by my holes. It took a couple of farts before I managed to squeeze anything out, but a few pieces fell into the bowl, and that was it.
When I looked around again, I expected to see my son playing with himself again, as he did that morning, but he was just staring between my legs, as if he were trying to memorise every detail. He wiped me, which I really did find embarrassing still, but then he pulled me upright, and kissed me.
"I love you, Mom. Thank you, I love being part of your life that you normally would keep completely private. Let's have a shower and clean ourselves up properly, as I've got to get up early for college again tomorrow."
We slept together, my youngest child, my son, again taking the place of my husband. I was surprised to discover that neither of us wanted to fuck again, especially after what Tony had made me do in front of him. Instead we cuddled and kissed, touching each other wherever we wanted, and our kisses were long and deep. I loved it, but as I fell asleep I realised that Tony was starting to become not just my motherfucking son, but my lover. Of course I loved him as a mother should love her son, and recently I'd come to love him fucking me, but it was a bit frightening that I was starting to feel the romantic love you feel for a partner. This was even more wrong, but for now I didn't care.
In the morning, we got into what was going to be our regular routine. Tony got up first, and I peed as he watched while shaving. I put on my running gear, kissed my son goodbye, and headed off for my run while he drove back to college. I filled most of my day with housework, shopping and church meetings. The only thing that had changed, it seemed, was that my son had forbidden me to wear panties, and I was enough of a slut that I obeyed. Then I'd get dinner ready for my son's return, making sure I was naked, ready to greet him.
After that I never knew quite what was going to happen. My weird young son loved eating food that had been up my cunt, so if ever there was anything suitable, he'd make my lay back on the sofa and put in in me, then he'd get it out and eat it, though sometimes it would go back in again first. Celery, cucumbers, squash, corn cobs, apples, strawberries, oranges, grapes, you name it, if it would fit in my vagina that was where it went. Yes, I could have stopped buying those sort of foods, but the truth was I just loved watching son eat what had been in me, often so much so that I would eat some myself.
At other times, he just wanted to look at me. Often, of course, it was the areas of my sex. I remember especially how he got an ice cube, held one of my tits, and used the ice to make my nipple stiffen. He watched the way my areola crinkled and my nipple got longer, then he watched until it relaxed again. Then he repeated the ice treatment for a couple more cycles. He took lots of measurements: my temperature in every orifice; the length of my stiff nipples; the width to which I could open my hole before it got too painful, for example. Often, though, it was other bits of me he studied so intensely: an arm, the back of my neck, my navel, everywhere. It wasn't sexual, and I realised that apart from the very first time, watching me on the toilet wasn't either. It was almost as if he were in Westworld, and was scanning every little detail of me for the record, and perhaps to create a droid with all of my features and behaviours.
The funny thing was that increasingly I came to realise I enjoyed it. I enjoyed him scrutinising my body, letting him see every millimetre of my outside, and as much of my inside as I could manage to expose for him. I swear, though, that he knew every little mark I had on me, the little warts and blemishes that we all seem to have but just forget about. If I ever went missing, I'm sure he'd be able to rattle off a whole list of distinguishing marks, most of which I'd forgotten, or wasn't even aware of. He probably even knew how many hairs were in my pussy. I really liked it: it made me feel wanted and loved, all my little faults known and accepted. He could still manage to embarrass me, though.
"You're due on tomorrow, Mom, aren't you?" he asked one evening when he came back.
I should have known that a nerd like him would have it all mapped out on his computer, and he probably knew the tempo of my body better than I did.
"You're going to let me do everything for you, Mom."
"Yes, Master."
Part of me thought this was a great idea. I didn't mind the smell of ordinary blood, but menstrual blood was completely different, and I hated it. Every time I came on I could remember how frightening it was to feel the pain in my belly, and see blood gushing out of me for the very first time, even though my mother had told me all about it beforehand. Well, gushing was an exaggeration, but I'd always had heavy periods. I wasn't keen to get old fast, and I didn't like the other possible effects of the menopause, but believe me, I could wait for my periods to stop. So having someone else take care of it sounded good.
However, part of me hated the thought, and it was the hardest 'Yes, Master' I'd had to say. The first night I didn't mind him putting the clean tampon in me, and then adding an absorbent pad, as I explained, blushing, that I sometimes leaked, so needed to wear one of my pairs of specially enclosing panties to keep everything in place. The following morning wasn't too bad, as I'd obviously started, but only enough to colour the end of the tampon when my son pulled it out of me, and replaced it with a clean one.
It was when Tony came home in the evening that my shame and embarrassment really started. Obviously I couldn't be naked when I greeted him, because a quick look had showed that I'd leaked on to the pad, and my son had told me I wasn't allowed to change anything without him being there. So I'd left my panties on, and waited for him to come back. As soon as he did, or course, he couldn't wait to see what had happened. He took me into the bathroom, and I let him pull my knickers down and inspect the dark patches of blood on the pad, with that same intensely curious look he used when he studied my body.
I sat on the toilet with my legs open, and let him pull the tampon out. It was completely red, with wet blood still on the surface. He didn't seem to mind the horrible smell as he studied the bloody tampon, then he bagged it for me.
"You're going to let me fuck you, fuck you up your bloody cunt, Mom."
Shit, I'd done it with Charlie, of course, in those first days when you're experimenting and finding out about each other, but neither of us really liked it, and in any case, my desire for sex was much less when I was on.
"Yes, Master, but can we do it in the shower so we don't make such a mess?"
Slightly to my surprise, my son agreed. He didn't let me turn the water on straight away, though, but just pushed his cock in me from behind, as I bent over and balanced myself on the taps, using one hand to play with my bloodied clit. Tony gave me a few thrusts, then pulled out, and he came round and showed me his red cock, covered with my blood.
I had a suspicion that Tony would come more quickly than usual, just because his brain would be full of the shocking thing he was doing: fucking his menstruating mother. I wondered how many women who practised incest would let their son do this to them, though I suspected not many. Although I didn't really like it, the forbiddeness must have got to me as well, because I found myself getting aroused faster than usual. Thank goodness I did, because as I suspected, my son's imagination must have been running wild, and he came, sending his spunk to join the rejected lining of my womb inside my vagina.
We both watched, him kneeling behind me to get the best view, and me bending my head down from the front, watched the stream of pink liquid drip out of me. It looked as if I'd shoved a raspberry ripple ice cream up me and it was melting, though the smell made it clear it was not.
"I love you, Mom. I just love doing all these disgusting things with you."
My reply was just to turn the shower on, soaking us with steaming water. He insisted on washing me, drying me off, then fitting me with a new tampon and a new pad in clean panties. Of course, as the week went on, the novelty wore off a bit, the flow was less dramatic, and I was certain that he wouldn't do this again on my next cycle.
He could still surprise me in other ways, though. When he was examining my cunt again one day, he suddenly said that he thought I was getting a bit loose - well, his cock and the girls, his and my hands were stretching it plenty, that was for sure - and he suggested I should get some Kegel balls to keep my vaginal muscles toned. At first, I was a bit upset, but then I realised that a tight cunt would always be something worth having, so I decided to get some on the next trip to the city. The next day he surprised me again.
"Oh, hi Mom," he said, coming in from college, with me naked as usual, waiting for him. "I bought you a present today."
It turned out to be an Amazon box he'd had delivered to the college, and when I opened it, inside was a matt black plastic egg, with a gold-coloured end, and a looped thread a few inches long coming out of it. I was just beginning to get a sense of what it was, when he left me in no doubt.
"It's a remote-control vibrator, Mom. Means I can play with you wherever I am, as long as we've both got a wi-fi connection. Slip it in your cunt, and I'll show you."
I did what he said, and as soon as it was in me, he got out his iPhone and started doing something on it. After a minute or so, I suddenly felt a vibration in my vagina, and then it got stronger, and started to come in waves. Although I was naked, I could barely hear it buzzing though. Fucking hell, I was starting to get really aroused, but although I kept it in me over dinner, and Tony kept changing the pattern on maximum strength, it never actually managed to get me to come, but shit, I was right on the edge, and as we ate the last of the meal I just couldn't control myself. I leaned back in the chair, put one leg up on Tony's lap, and started rubbing my clit as fast as I could. I came almost at once, and I came so strongly I fell right off the fucking chair, the egg still buzzing like mad inside me, not letting me recover.
"For fuck's sake, son, turn it off. Please! Else I think I'll rub my clit right off."
"Take it out now, Mom, 'cause I'm going to fuck you. But all the time I'm out every day, you've got to keep this inside you. The app will tell me if you take it out, and then I'd have to punish you."
"Yes, Master."
That didn't sound too bad, and my son's cock banging up my cunt as soon as I pulled the egg out felt even better. By the time we went to bed, all my holes had been thoroughly probed and lubricated with my son's spunk. When we got up in the morning, Tony made sure I'd put the egg in me before I went out running, and when I got back, he'd already driven off.
I'd kind of got used to having my pussy open to the air, so although we had the Bishop coming for a special visit to the church, and I'd put on my best dress and make-up, I still didn't wear any panties. I left the egg inside me as Tony had ordered, almost without thinking, because it wasn't vibrating at all, and hadn't since the previous evening. Elizabeth came and picked me up, and when we got to the church, everyone was there dressed in their best clothes.
As an elder of the church, I was one of the women who had to go up and kneel in front of the Bishop to get a special blessing. I still can't see how it could have been anything more than a total coincidence, but as I stood to walk up the aisle towards the Bishop, I knew I was in trouble. The egg had started vibrating, and on the pattern and intensity which got me most aroused. Fortunately, the organ was playing, although I don't think the egg was loud enough to be noticed, and I managed to get to the front and kneel in front of the Bishop.
Maybe it was the kneeling down, or just the knowledge that my pussy was naked under me dress, and my son was controlling a vibrator up in my vagina, but I could barely control myself. I wanted to lift my dress and play with my cunt until I came, though I suspected it would have to be more than once. The blessing seemed to take for ever, and by the time it had finished I felt sick, but so fucking horny I couldn't believe it.
I was so desperate to get my fingers on my clit, that I almost touched myself as I walked back up the aisle, but I managed to stop myself, and instead turned it into a run towards the toilet. I dashed into the first cubicle, slammed and locked the door, then pulled up my dress and started rubbing my clit even before my butt hit the seat.
"Aaagghh," I groaned, unable to control myself, as I came for the first time.
"Are you alright, Susan? I was worried about you."
It was Elizabeth, of course. Standing outside the door listening.
"Yes ... thank you, Elizabeth ... must have been something ... I ate last night ... just go back ... I'll be out soon," I managed to gasp, as the egg kept going, and I came again, making me groan even louder.
Thankfully, Elizabeth left, but the egg kept going, leaving me no choice but to pull it out, in disobedience of Tony's order. I could still hear it buzzing gently in my handbag, but as I walked back into the church, I heard it stop. It was deeply embarrassing, because everyone wanted to know if I was alright, and Elizabeth drove me back home early. When Tony came home, I told him that I was happy to keep the egg in when I was on my own, but not when I was in some sort of public gathering. He didn't look happy, but after I explained what had happened, he eventually gave in.
Well, he may have given in about using the egg to get me to come in public places, but he then turned his attention to trying to get me naked outside of the house. He started by making me walk around the house in the early evening. It wasn't directly overlooked, but part of the circuit was visible from the road, and there was always a risk of someone coming to visit, but actually I rather enjoyed it. He really wanted me to run, but even around the house the bouncing of my breasts was just too painful. He wanted me to do my long run in just a bra, but the risk was just too great of meeting someone, although most days I didn't.
Of course, he made me go out naked in the car. We went as it was getting dusk, and with the roof up, this meant just enough risk to make it exciting, but with my front opening dress tucked down the side of the seat, if the worst happened, I could always cover myself. Being Tony, though, he racked up the danger, by taking routes where there were more houses, and in the end, driving with the roof down.
Gradually I came to enjoy it more and more. The breeze on my breasts, making my nipples so delightfully stiff was fabulous, and sometimes my whole tit came out in goosebumps. I started playing with myself as we drove around, and I was beginning to get a bit disappointed that I'd never had to grab my dress and cover myself up. Shit, I was starting to want to show my body off to strangers, at least a quick glimpse as we drove past.
Not surprisingly, my son normally fucked me as soon as we got home, but then one evening he took a different route, and he drove a little way up a dirt track into a field of corn, before pulling to a halt.
"Right, Mom. I want to fuck you in the middle of the corn."
"Yes, Master," I said, looking forward to this with anticipation.
We walked along the line of corn until we found a patch where a couple of stalks had broken off, and Tony broke off a few more, trampled the stalks as flat as he could, then lay a blanket down which he'd brought from the car. I used to love it when I was first married and Charlie would screw me out in the open, but it was all too infrequent, and it pretty much stopped when we had the children. Who'd have thought that one of them would now be fucking me in his place?
I lay back on the uneven surface, my legs apart, and I pulled open my cunt, which was already sticky with my cum.
"Come and fuck your Mommy, son."
Tony was on me immediately, and I loved the feel of his cock sliding into my vagina, as I looked up at the waving leaves of corn and the darkening sky. I thought I'd experienced the full range of his techniques, but as he kissed my breasts and pumped his cock in and out of me, he was teasing my asshole in a way I'd not experienced before. It was delightful, increasing my arousal even more than my son's fingers alongside mine on my clit.
We came together, and Tony pulled out of me. Funny, I could see both his hands but I could still feel his lovely touch on my asshole. I put my hand down to see what was happening, and I thought I was going to die. I touched something that moved against my fingers, something hard, but cooler than my skin. Shit, I leapt up as I realised it was some sort of creepy crawly creature, and when I looked down I saw a huge black beetle. A drip of my son's spunk fell next to it, scaring it, and it opened its wings and flew off through the corn. However much I'd enjoyed the feel of the beetle's legs against my asshole, that was the last time I was going to fuck in a corn field!
We still drove around with me naked, but I didn't get out of the car like it again, but instead stuck closer to home. Tony was still after a bit more danger, though, and his next idea was for us to skinny dip in the pool. Once in the water this wasn't risky, but the pool could be seen from the nearest house, and was in full sight of the road. I did love swimming naked, though, and we got in the habit of doing it in the evening when there were fewer people around.
One day, though, Tony had a free day at college, so after I'd done my run, we went for a swim. After a while, Tony had gone indoors to get us a couple of drinks, as we thought we'd stay in for a while. Imagine my shock, then, when I heard a car coming up the drive. Shit, I'd forgotten that Elizabeth was coming around again to pick me up. It wasn't her normal day. What the hell was I to do? I really didn't want her bumping into my naked son, especially as the chances were his cock would be stiff, so I waved my arm and called out to her as she walked towards the house.
I was fine as long as I clung to the edge, as I was sure the ripples from the circulation system would make it hard to spot that my butt was bare, but my problem was how to get out. Once I was out, though, I could wrap the towel I'd left on the side around me, and dash indoors. I was saved by my son, who'd obviously heard me yell, and who came out wearing swimming trunks with no obvious erection.
"Oh, hi Elizabeth. Sorry, I persuaded Mom to go for a swim after her run, and we hadn't noticed the time. Would you like to come in for a cold drink while Mom gets dressed?"
"Hi, Tony. No, no, I had plenty to drink before I came out, but maybe I could use your bathroom to get rid of some?"
I thought that was a slightly risqué thing for her to say, but it gave me a chance to pull myself out of the pool, wrap myself in my towel, and dash indoors to dry off and pull on a summer dress, as that was all I was wearing these days. I was perhaps beginning to think that she wouldn't have been too shocked if I came out of the pool naked, were it not for my son being there, and the thought of exposing myself like that sent a thrill through me.
When I got back home, Tony dashed out to meet me as soon as Elizabeth turned the car around.
"Mom, Mom, you've got to look at this. Come and look at the computer."
"TONY! That's disgusting. This time you really have gone too far."
It was all of that, but it was also mesmerising. He'd obviously managed to install more cameras without telling me, and one was in the main bathroom, the one that Elizabeth had used. I was horrified but I couldn't drag my eyes away as Tony played the video of her pulling up her skirt, and pulling down her panties. That was a total invasion of privacy, but that wasn't what had horrified and fascinated me.
As she pulled up from pulling her panties down, we got a brief view of her pussy. It was shaved clean, and we could see the start of her slit with a massive clitoral hood, before it went out of sight again as she sat down. I thought I must have imagined it, but there it was again as she stood up, and put everything back in place. Fucking hell, I'd never have imagined that staid old Elizabeth could ever be the sort of woman who'd have shaved her pussy. I had no idea what I would do, if ever I had the opportunity, but Elizabeth had just taken second place on my WILF list, after Betsy Martin.
We carried on like this for a couple more weeks, and I steadily took more pleasure from the risk of being seen naked. Charlie came home, displacing Tony in my bed, but he seemed more distant than ever, and he didn't seem to appreciate me sucking him off anything like my son did. The girls came back for a weekend or two, but although we enjoyed licking each other out, I think they would have preferred at least one more man in the mix, so they said the next weekend they were going to stay with some friends from college. That was when Tony came up with his new idea, and it was a doozy.
"Hey, Mom, there's a strip club in the city, and they are advertising for MILF's for a new slot they are starting. Why don't you apply?"
My first reaction was that there was no way I was going to become a stripper, and having perverted strangers scrutinising my body. My second thought was how fucking exciting it would be, but there was no way I could take the risk of being recognised.
"You are going to do this, Mom. I want to see you show your open cunt to a roomful of strangers who'd all want to fuck you. We can see about a wig, maybe glasses, and some heavy make-up, and anyway, no one will be looking at your face, will they?"
No, I couldn't do it, could I? But then I remembered that somewhere I had a whole collection of wigs from the early days of my marriage to Charlie, when we enjoyed me dressing up as someone else when he fucked me. I got Tony to help me up into the attic of the house, and dig through the boxes of things that I'd never even opened since we'd moved in. It took a while, but eventually I found the box of wigs, and I'd forgotten it had lots of sexy lingerie which went with the wigs as well.
We went back downstairs, and I tried on the different wigs. Our favourite was one with long, slightly wavy blonde hair, which I remembered I'd liked the first time round.
"Wow, Mom. You look amazing in that, but so different. We'd need to do something with your pussy hair, though, else it's a bit of a giveaway that you're not really a blonde."
My son took me into the bathroom, and I let him shave my pussy, taking off all of the hair I was so proud of. The great thing about him being such a nerd was that he was extremely thorough, but extremely careful as well. He managed not to nick me at all, but with one of Charlie's unused razors he managed to get me perfectly smooth. Finally, I let him make me up, and I put on a pair of glasses with plain lenses, also from the box in the attic.
"You look fantastic, Mom. I'd never have recognised you if I hadn't know it was you."
I walked over to the full-length mirror, and fuck me, he was right on both counts. I looked so different, not just in my face, but in the way my cunt lips were so prominently visible without my pussy hair to hide them. Shit, perhaps I really could do it!
"We've never met, but wouldn't you like to fuck me for a change, instead of that boring mother of yours?" I asked with a smile on my face.
Stupid question. He was already pulling of his clothes, and he fucked me hard on the bed, bringing back memories of Charlie fucking me on the very same bed when I last wore that wig. I dearly loved my son fucking me, but I still loved my husband and wished he had as much enthusiasm for me as my son did.
The following morning I went for my run as usual, though it felt a bit strange being bare down below. When I got back, Tony had left for college, but after an hour or so of housework I heard my phone ping, and there was a message from my son saying he'd arranged for me to have an audition at the club on Saturday, and he'd take me to the city, and we could also buy some Kegel balls, and look at some new lingerie.
That evening we spent online, watching various stripping videos and looking at online lessons on how to do it. I was surprised how much advice there was, and as recommended, the first thing I did was to choose my music. There was a recommended list of ten or so, and I chose 'Fever' by Peggy Lee, partly because I liked it, but partly because it had the dramatic 'Fever!" at the end, when I was going to use to good effect.
I was hopeless at first. What I wasn't used to was the amount of teasing before each significant part of my body was revealed, and I kept ending up naked way before the end of the track. Gradually I improved, though, with advice from my son about what made him horniest, and watching back recordings he had made from me. The good thing about looking so different was that I could critique myself almost as if I was someone else. I practised more through the next day when I was home, and then Tony put me through my paces again in the evening.
"I think you're ready, Mom. You're going to strip in front of strangers, and they won't recognise you, even in the unlikely event that any of them had seen you before."
When I woke up on the Saturday morning, my heart was in my mouth, as I was scarred witless by the idea of stripping naked at the club, but at the same time I was as excited as hell at the thought of a roomful of men lusting to fuck me, but not being able to. Tony shaved me again to make sure I was totally smooth, and then he helped me with the make-up and getting the wig right. I'd chosen what I thought were the best undies from the old box, and a low-cut, vivid red dress that was that I hadn't worn for ages, so I didn't think anyone would recognise it. Anyway, it wouldn't stay on long.
I could barely wait for the afternoon, when Michael drove us into the city, and whilst my mouth was dry with fear, my cunt was damp with excitement. We first searched for the sex shop, and I picked out a set of multi-sized Kegel balls. I was disappointed that they didn't have much in the way of lingerie, but mainly an unbelievable selection of sex toys, and still porno DVD's, which I'd imagined would have fallen out of favour given the availability of online porn that my sons had revealed to me.
Still, they gave us directions to a shop that sold things a whole step sexier than Victoria's Secret. If the saleswoman wondered about me displaying things I tried on to someone young enough to be my son, she didn't say anything, but actually gave me some useful feedback on what she thought looked sexiest. In the end, I decided to buy a black lacy bustier with matching knickers and bra, and some black thigh-highs, rather than the ones I'd chosen from home. I also changed my mind and bought a white blouse, and a short, bright red skirt. We grabbed a coffee, and I noticed that my hands were trembling as the hour of my appointment approached.
"Come on, Mom. Let's go early. They have afternoon shows on the weekend, and you can get a feel for the place, and what sort of competition you have."
God, I'd never been to a strip club, and I was embarrassed enough before, but I was even more so when Tony had to show his ID to prove his age and then I had to so that I could get a card that allowed me to buy alcohol, making it clear that I was Tony's mother. Strange, isn't it, how in this country you can vote, drive a car, fuck, get into a sex club, but you can't have a drink until you're 21?
When we got inside, it was quite dark, apart from a stage at the back, where a woman was removing her clothes to some music I didn't recognise. The décor was mostly black and purple, but it wasn't quite as seedy as I'd imagined it would be. There were a few other women, although I had a suspicion that some of them were working girls, if I can use that term. There were plenty of men, most of them drinking beer, but they looked much more normal than I expected, even if their eyes were glued to the woman on stage who was now trying to pretend that she wasn't going to remove her bra and show them her tits.
A young woman in a vanishingly small bikini came over and I ordered a beer for me, and a soda for Tony, although I was going to give him the beer. By this time the woman on the stage was down to a small pair of panties, and I watched with interest at how she went about taking them off. I could feel the anticipation on the room, but for me, at least, it was a real anti-climax when they came off, as she gave everyone the merest flash of her cunt before she ran off into the wings. After a while another woman took her place, and although she didn't look anywhere near as old as me, her body looked as it had seen better days. Her tits sagged, she was covered with a selection of unattractive tattoos, and she had a lot more belly than was good for her.
I was therefore feeling pretty good when I left Tony watching the acts, and I got the bikini girl to show me the way to the manager's office. Once I'd gone through the door from the public area, everything was a lot more worn and faded. I walked along the corridor, wondering what was behind the doors I passed, and I knocked on the door marked 'MANAGER' at the end. A male voice invited me to enter, and that was when my heart started to beat so fast that I thought it was going to burst out of my chest.
I opened the door and went in. A middle-aged man with a moustache, wearing a suit that hadn't been fashionable for several years, was sat behind a desk.
"Ah, Ms Jones. So you've decided that you want to take your clothes off in front of people, have you? Are you sure you won't chicken out when it comes to it?"
I assured him that I wouldn't, and that I had practised with music, and I could show him my routine.
"Nah, don't worry about that. No one expects the MILF's to be very professional: they just want to see you naked. So get your kit off, honey, and let me see what you've got."
I had another one of those schizophrenic moments that had become so common lately. No, I couldn't take all my clothes of just feet away from this creepy guy I'd never met before, could I? I must have blushed as I hesitated.
"Well, get on with it, else walk out and we'll forget all about it. I have seen a naked woman or two, and I don't suppose you've got anything I haven't seen before."
Fuck it. He might have seen plenty of naked women, but I knew my body was in much better shape than most women my age, and I wanted to see the look on his face when he saw what great tits I had, and what a gorgeous shaved cunt. I looked him in the eye, and just slowly took my clothes off, without any performance, until I was naked in front of him.
"Bend over, darlin' and let me get a proper look at your cunt and asshole."
I was happy to do that. More than happy in fact, as my now my cunt was gushing cum, and I wanted to show it to anyone I could. However, as I bent right over, I sensed that he was moving out of his chair. I reached over to my purse and opened it.
"Open that dirty hole for me, darlin'."
I was pretty sure that the next thing if I did it, was that I'd feel his cock ramming in to me. That wasn't part of the plan. I may have started fucking people other than my husband, but I had been keeping it in the family, and I had no desire to get fucked by anyone else. I stood up and turned around, pointing the silver automatic I'd taken out of my purse at him, and which I'd brought for this very contingency.
"If you fucking touch me, I'll shoot your dick off" I snarled, keeping the gun aimed at his cock, which he had managed to get out as he was walking towards me, but my eyes were fixed on his.
"Ha ha, just testing," he said, with a forced laugh after a few seconds. "I love a woman with spunk. If that's the way you want it, fine, but let me know if you change your mind. You can start tomorrow night, just one show to start with until I see how well the audience like you."
He put himself away, and went back behind the desk to watch me dress, my hands shaking like leaves in a gale. I was pretty sure that when he said he loved a woman with spunk, he really meant his, in her vagina. I walked back out into the show room, where my son was waiting for me, but his eyes were fixed on a black woman with enormous tits who was gyrating around on the stage.
"Come on, son. We're going."
I was still trembling when we got back home, my mind in a turmoil of emotions. I'd threatened to shoot someone, and I think I'd have done it, and thought I would have to, but the consequences would have been dreadful. I was scared, but also excited that I'd committed myself to showing my tits, ass and cunt to a roomful of strangers in barely twenty-four hours' time. My son, of course, was ecstatic. We went to bed and fucked, but all the time my mind was turning over the double-edged prospect of the following night.
On Sunday morning, I got up and Elizabeth took Tony and me to church. No complications with the pool or eggs, though it was now second nature to me not to wear anything under my dress. Given what I was planning to do that night, the odd flash of my pussy if the wind caught it hardly seemed to matter. When we got back home I was as twitchy as hell, and kept practising my act until even my son got bored with it. He helped me dress and make-up, and eventually it was time to drive off to the club.
"What name do you want me to announce for you?" the manager asked, taking me by surprise after I went in and he showed me where the changing room was.
"Um ... well ... Elizabeth. Yes, I'm Elizabeth," I said, though even I didn't understand quite why that was the name I'd chosen.
The changing room was cramped, with several of the normal strippers in various states of undress, and a couple of others of at least my age, who I guessed were other MILF's. The professionals talked amongst themselves, while us others exchanged a few words about nothing much at all, certainly not who we were or why we were here. They seemed as nervous as me, and we all paced around, waiting our turn.
Two of the other MILF's went ahead of me, and when they came back the look of relief on their faces was obvious. They were naked, of course, and I was pleased that I thought my body could stand comparison with either of theirs. Like me, they'd brought something else to put on, collecting their stripping clothes from the stage manager on the way out. Eventually it was my turn.
I heard my stage name being announced from the wings, and I was trembling all over again as I walked onto the stage, to a drum roll, and half-hearted applause. I thought I could see my son near the back, but the music came on immediately I reached the centre of the stage, so I started to sway around, and turn around. Each time my back was to the audience, I undid another button on my blouse, pulling it open to show the top of my breasts when I faced them, then covering them up again. I kept moving around to the music to the point where all of my blouse buttons were undone. Then as Peggy Lee sang "Fever!" I pulled my blouse off and bent towards the audience, cupping my breasts, and inviting them to imagine the contents of my bra.
I stood up again, and started swaying to the music, pulling up my skirt to show my thigh highs, then dropping it but unzipping it. Then, still holding it up, I pulled it up so that they could see my panties, As I turned, I bent over so that my lacy panties were stretched against my cunt, and I knew they would be able to see the line of my labia underneath. Then as the music reached another climax, I let my skirt drop, and I kicked it over to the side of the stage as I ran my hands lasciviously over my body.
I swayed around as the music picked up again, pulling down my bra straps, bending forward, undoing the clasp, then straightening again holding my bra against me with my arms. I kept bending over, each time letting the bra drop a little further, but still keeping my nipples covered. Then, as another climax approached in the music, I turned my back to the audience and let my bra drop. I shook my tits as hard as I could, so that they would see them either side of my back, and then I bent over as far as I could, so the audience could see them dangling between my legs, as well as giving them a second look at my lace-covered cunt and ass.
I got rid of the bustier in short order, as unless there were anyone with a navel fetish, it covered nothing of interest, but then I started working in my panties. I kept moving around, turning, and as I turned I'd pull them down to reveal more and more of my ass, and to show my shaved pussy. When I got them far enough down that I knew they would be able to see the start of my slit, I turned around and bent over. I pulled my panties tight under my crotch, letting them ride up between my lips, and into my butt crack, but then I stood up again and faced the audience.
I put one hand over my pussy, and with the other pulled my panties down, wriggling around so that they slowly worked their way down my legs. I was still turning, and when I had my back to them, I held my arms wide, so they all would know that my cunt was exposed to the back of the stage, making them imagine what it was going to be like, When I turned back round, I kicked my panties off, leaving me just in my thigh high black stockings, and my hand over my pussy. I shook my breasts, then cupped one. Then I swapped hands, giving them a short flash of my pussy as I did so.
As the music headed towards its finale, I opened my legs and spread my arms wide, jiggling my tits. Except for my thigh highs, which seemed to focus attention between my legs, I was naked. The spectators could see my cuntlips hanging down, and from what I'd seen the day before, that was as much as most of the strippers gave them. So as Peggy screamed out the final 'Fever' I turned and bent over, pulling my cunt as wide open as I could, hoping that with the spotlight shining on me the audience could see right into my vagina, and with absolute certainty that my asshole was staring back at them.
As the music died away, I thought I heard a gasp from the audience, followed by loud and enthusiastic applause, with more than a few whistles and whoops. I turned and ran off the stage, waving to the audience with my hands, though my breasts were doing their best to join in. Then it really hit me what I'd done. I started shaking all over again, and I dashed to the changing room and threw on the front-opening dress. I raced back out, where the stage manager thrust a bag with my discarded clothes into my hand. I pushed past the manager, who I was sure was going to make a grab for me, and stupidly I didn't have the gun with me.
"Well, Elizabeth, that was some show, and that's a cunt and a half you have there. So, same time Tuesday, then."
I'd told Tony I wanted him ready to go as soon as I had finished, and as I left the backstage area, he was waiting for me.
"That was amazing, Mom. You're such a slut. Even I never really thought you'd be prepared to show your cunt and asshole to everyone like that."
"God, son, I was scared before, and shaking afterwards, but now I just feel totally pumped up, and would love to go back in and do it again. Just drive home as fast as you can, because I want you to fuck me in all my holes before I go to sleep. Just make sure you've got the hood down."
To be fair to him, he broke as many speed limits as he could, but we weren't making fast enough progress for me, as my body felt as if it was going to burst with all my pent-up energy.
"Sorry, son, Mommy can't wait," I said as soon as we left the lights of the city behind.
I ripped off my dress, and lay back naked in the seat, enjoying the cool evening air rushing over me. I used one hand to torture one of my tits, while the other did the same to my cunt, which was glistening and wet, and I knew I'd be leaving trails of my cum on Tony's precious Mustang seats. I don't know how many times I came, as I relived the experience of exposing my most private parts to a theatre full of people, mostly men, all except Tony strangers as far as I knew, and some of whom would surely go home dreaming of fucking me. We passed lots of cars, but I didn't care if they saw me as their headlights raked across my naked body. However many times it was, I kept going until we got back home.
"Take me inside and screw the ass off me, son."
"No, Mom, the car wants to fuck you first."
"What are you talking about son? How can the car fuck me?"
"See that gear stick, with the original Ford knob on the top? Well, straddle it, and push it into your cunt, Mom, and fuck yourself with your fingers again, which you seem to have been enjoying all the way back."
Shit, the car was outside, and the security light was on, so if anyone looked out they could probably see me, but I was so far gone I didn't care about that either. I put one leg either side of the transmission tunnel, and let the gear knob sink into my cunt. Fucking hell, it seemed to go in a hell of a long way. I started riding up and down on it, but the dash kept getting in the way. Then I had a genius of an idea. I turned around to face the dash, grabbed the top of the windscreen and lowered myself back down on the gear stick.
I started pumping up and down on the gear stick, letting the knob press hard against the top of my vagina. I kept pushing down, enjoying the pain inside me, and yes, I was just able to do what I'd wanted. Being an old car, it had one of those old-fashioned centre handbrakes, and if I pushed down hard enough and got my butt in the right place, I could just force the little release button on the end a little way into my ass. I started pumping up and down again, each time taking the pain and pushing the handbrake level into my asshole.
Fuck, I bet not many women have been fucked by their son's car, and even fewer could have been double penetrated the way I was. I was ecstatic, rubbing my clit like mad. I hadn't paid much attention to my son, but then I felt his hands on my butt, and as I came up, he pushed me round a bit. I felt something much warmer and larger than the brake release push into my ass, and he started pumping in and out in time with the way the gear stick was fucking my cunt.
It was all too much for me, and I came, ramming the gear knob even harder into my vagina, and I felt my son jerking around as he delivered his spunk up inside my asshole. Fuck, it was wonderful. When my son's cock softened and slipped out of my ass, I lifted myself up, and let the gear knob come out of my hole with a slurping noise.
"Oh dear, Mommy, you seem to have made a mess in my lovely car. You're going to have to lick that gear stick and handbrake clean, as well as picking up all that spunk running out of your asshole."
"Yes, Master," I said, with real enthusiasm, as in any case it would give my son time to recover, because he was going to come in my cunt and my mouth before I was going to let him sleep.
We spent so much time fucking that we didn't get to sleep until late, and we both overslept in the morning, so Tony had to dash off without breakfast. I had a full day to myself, and I spent most of it with a Kegel ball inside me, hoping to tighten up my vaginal muscles some more. I also spent some time looking again at other records that had proved good for a strip routine. I'd enjoyed exposing myself so much that I was intending to stick with it, but I knew I was going to need a few more routines to keep the punters interested.
I'd have liked to use a dildo in one of them, but the state rules forbad penetration of any description - and incidentally any touching from the audience or staff - so that was out. In the end, I chose three and started to think about how I could create a new routine: Beyoncé, Dance for You; Christine Aguilera, Voulez-vous Coucher avec Moi; and Marvin Gaye, Get It On. When my son came home, I showed him my first attempts. He helped me develop my thoughts some more, and in particular to make the focus of one routine my asshole rather than my cunt. Not surprisingly, that was the hole he used that night when he fucked me.
I think I was just as excited about stripping for a second time when I got up on the following morning. I still had enough fear to keep the adrenalin going, but it was now balanced nicely. I had a church meeting in the morning, though my mind was mostly occupied with running over and over my routine, trying to improve and perfect it. In the afternoon I had another couple of practice sessions, then I made myself up, got myself dressed, and drove myself to the club. Tony wasn't going to be able to get there in time to see me this time, so I made sure I put my little gun in my handbag, just in case the manager tried anything again.
When I got there, he stopped me as I was heading towards the changing room.
"Hi, Elizabeth. You left in such a rush last night that I hadn't given you your pay. So here's $50 for last night and tonight, but just make sure tonight is as good as Sunday."
I had no idea whether that was good or bad, but $50 for seven or eight minutes of actual work didn't seem bad to me, and handy spending money. When I walked into the dressing room, a couple of the professionals who had been there on Sunday said 'hi'. It made me feel great being accepted by girls who did this sort of thing for a living.
When my turn came, I walked out on the stage, and was amazed how many more men there were. It was packed, and I guessed quite a few must have come straight out of work for a beer and some titillation, if not a bit more. I was confident, though, that I would be able to give them a memorable display, so the more of them that got to see me naked, the better. I think I was smoother and more professional this time, and the way the buzz of chatter reduced showed that I had their full attention.
I was really enjoying it until the final 'Fever'. As I bent right over, pulled my cunt as wide open as I could, and looked at the audience through my legs, wanting to see their eyes all on my asshole and vagina, I had a shock which almost made me let go. Sat in the second row was Charlie, my husband, and a girl I was sure was Jade, my sister's eldest. They were both looking at my cunt, which hopefully would mean they wouldn't recognise me, but Charlie's hand was up under Jade's skirt, and there was no doubt which of us he would be fucking that night.
I realised I was holding the pose perhaps a little bit too long, so I quickly stood and ran off the stage, waving. My mind was reeling, as I put my spare dress on, collected my abandoned stage clothes, and dashed out to my car.
"Hey, Elizabeth, you're on again, Thursday," I heard the manager shout after me, as I pushed past him again.
I'm surprised I didn't crash on the drive home, as my mind was going over and over trying to work out what the hell Charlie was doing with Jade. He was supposed to be travelling somewhere, and wasn't due home for a few more days. I could see it made some sense of the past, though. Clearly Charlie must have been spending time in Alaska to fuck his niece after he'd finished his work travel, and if he was fucking her, no wonder he'd gone off of me. But why the hell hadn't Chrissy said anything to me? Was it even possible she didn't know, because Jade wasn't around when Tony and I tried to help with the move, and there was no sign of any of her stuff? Surely not, though, surely she must know?
What was sure was that I was going to have this out with my cunt of a sister tomorrow, but until I knew what was happening, I couldn't let my son know anything about it.