Tyler leaned closer to her and kissed her neck before putting his lips on hers, kissing her passionately, tasting the sweet nectar from her body. He moved his tongue and pushed it further inside her mouth. Jenifer responded by wrapping her arms around him tightly as they started making out again. He kept nibbling her ears and neck as she continued to play with her own pussy, fingerfucking herself while enjoying Tyler's kisses.
Tyler broke off their kiss and stood up. "Let me take care of you..." he told her with a smile.
Jenifer giggled when he put his cock next to her stroking it slowly. "Oooohhhh that looks good!" She moaned when she saw him stroking his hard member as if preparing for an intense fuck session. She spread her legs inviting him to do whatever he wants to her. "I'm all yours baby." She moaned as she looked at him seductively.
Tyler was feeling really turned on now and needed to make himself cum quickly so he could go to sleep and not think about anything else right away...
"Oh yes, give me your big cock..." Jenifer said as Tyler grabbed hold of her boobs, kneading and pulling them, pinching her nipples between his fingers, playing with them while looking straight into Jenifer's eyes until finally touching his tip against her moist opening. He slowly pressed forward inside her tight pussy while looking deeply into her eyes. The pleasure he felt inside Jenifer's warm hole made his own dick grow harder. "Fuck yeah!!" He whispered, burying his whole length in her pussy this time.
Jenifer closed her eyes and moaned in pleasure as Tyler penetrated her again with ease and speed. His hands were holding her head in place as he pumped in and out of her without much difficulty or any pause whatsoever as she kept moving her hips and making small pleasurable noises as he thrust inside her snatch over and over again.
"I want you to cum on my breasts..." Jenifer breathed heavily while spreading her thighs even more, exposing her pink slit completely to him.
Tyler stopped his motions for a moment and looked at her.
Jenifer looked back at him with those beautiful blue eyes that always had such a strong effect on him. "Do it babe! Cum all over me!" She said huskily. "Give me some cum baby!"
"Mmmm yesss..." Tyler replied before starting to fuck her again. This time he reached up and grabbed one of her nipples between his teeth while still pumping the rest of his cock in and out of her wet cunt. He increased the pressure on her tits.
Jenifer screamed when she started cuming, her body convulsing from the intense orgasm she just felt as she squeezed and pulled her own boobs, massaging them with both of her hands as her juices poured all over Tyler's cock.
"Oh shit!!!" he moaned as he felt himself about ready to explode too. He pulled out of her dripping hole but continued stroking himself with short fast movements while looking at Jenifer who was enjoying her last few waves of pleasure.
He let himself cum while looking into Jenifer's eyes, feeling his sperm shooting everywhere onto her face, neck and chest. Tyler came so hard he felt his balls ache.
Jenifer smiled and licked her lips. "Mmmm..." she moaned in satisfaction.
Tyler laid down next to her. "I'm exhausted." He whispered as he leaned against her body. "But I think that might be the most fun I've had in years..." he added smiling.
Jenifer kissed him lovingly. "I get you, we had sex so many time today it's a miracle we haven't passed out yet!" She giggled after saying this.
"Yeah... We should probably try and go back to sleep now though..." he said and yawned, completely worn out by everything that happened during this night.
Jenifer decided to spend the rest of the night with Tyler and cuddled up to his naked body until they both fell asleep.
***
Tyler woke up in the morning with Jenifer still sleeping next to him. He looked at his alarm clock which showed 10am on its screen. He got up quietly and went to take a shower while Jenifer still slept in bed without waking up. As soon as Tyler finished showering and getting dressed, he left their room to see Lola already sitting on her couch, eating some fruit and drinking some coffee. She was wearing only one of her panties again, letting her huge boobs fall out of them almost totally exposing her nipples.
"Hey sweetie!" She greeted Tyler with a big smile, obviously not minding her nudity at all.
"Hi!" He replied with an embarrassed look.
"Did you two have fun?" She asked excitedly when she saw the way Tyler was looking at her.
"It was amazing! You were so sexy and I loved watching everyone else fucking you." Ty told her honestly.
Lola's face lit up in pleasure as she listened to him telling her that he had really enjoyed last night's party. "I'm glad..." she whispered shyly before turning back to watch television.
Tyler sat down next to her on the sofa, trying to avoid looking too long at her breasts. She said noticing how distracted he looked every time those large jugs bounced around while moving from side to side. She couldn't stop smiling because it seemed like he hadn't forgotten about the hot sex they had yesterday, even though he didn't want to say anything about it.
"So you're going home today?" Lola finally asked him after a few moments of silence between them.
"Yeah. It's been a great weekend but I need to go back to work." He answered with a little disappointment in his voice.
"Oh, well, that's good. Jenifer will be sad not seeing you again for a while but maybe we can meet up another day soon, or something."
"I'd love that!" Tyler replied sincerely. He smiled when thinking about the sexual experience he gained this weekend, he even participated in an orgy! What more could he ask for?
They spent most of the rest of the morning together watching movies and having snacks. At one point Steve and Jenifer joined them
After spending some hours enjoying their company and getting closer than ever before, Tyler got ready and left. Jenifer showed him her breasts one last time before giving him a deep passionate kiss as she felt his dick getting hard inside his pants. She hugged him tightly and kissed him all over his face until she reluctantly let him leave. "See you soon sweetie." She whispered as she gave him a small peck on the cheek which made his heart skip a beat. She was so damn sexy right now...