Chapter 2
The rest of the weekend past without incident. But Scarlett couldn't stop thinking about what happened on Saturday morning, especially when she masturbated. The scene replayed in her mind but from outside her own body. She saw the gawping face of the window cleaner staring at her young body writhing and grinding on her bed, caught in the throws of orgasm. Each time Scarlett saw this she came intensely, twice Saturday night and three times on Sunday.
Scarlett woke Monday morning at her regular time of 7am, she'd had a long think before dozing off to sleep last night, in the afterglow of her final massive orgasm. As her wet fingers slid along her warm sticky pussy she came to the realisation that she enjoyed being watched, it made her horny knowing someone can see her pleasuring herself. She drifted off to a peaceful sleep having discovered this side of herself, not knowing just how much it would change almost everything she did from then on.
Scarlett's morning routine wasn't unusual at all, once she'd had some coffee, she headed straight for the shower. Once Scarlett was properly washed and covered in lotion she headed for her room. Only today...she did it naked. It was only 4 or 5 steps from the bathroom to her room but she made the walk casually and calmly dripping water onto the carpet as she entered her room. She couldn't mistake the thrill she got from that little event and it inspired her outfit choice for the day.
Her plaid skirt which came down to just above her knee, her black lace halter top and matching bra. Then her plaid jacket to match perfectly with her skirt. She stared at her panty draw for a long time, uncertain of what to do. In the end she gave in to her naughtier urges and decided on no panties at all, instead she grabbed her metal butt plug and quickly popped it in.
Before she knew it, she was in her car driving to the university, she had two classes today English Lit and Sociology. Her mind raced as she drove, never before had she worn her butt plug outside and she'd only ever gone commando when it was the only option. Her nerves had calmed some by the time she found a parking spot on campus but they quickly rose again with the increasing numbers of people around her. Passing through the large double doors and heading for her class she was focused solely on making it to her seat.
Hopping down the steps inside the classroom, Scarlett found her usual seat around 6 rows back from the front with plenty of space on both sides. As Scarlett dropped into her seat, her butt plug made an odd noise on the wooden chair and was instantly pushed all the way inside again. A small gasp escaped her lips. The two girls in front of her both turned and gave her a strange look. Scarlett just gave them both a wry smile while keeping her knees pressed tightly together.
Scarlett's nerves eased up as the class started and her professor began to talk about Beowulf.
Scarlett's arousal never eased up at all - she felt herself powered by a low-level lust with each of her choices. Squirming slightly on her chair as she took notes made her butt plug move inside her, she knew without even touching herself that her pussy was damp and her clit very excited. She overheard a question passed between the girls in front of her. "If Professor Andrew's said he'd write your Beowulf paper if you gave him a blowjob, would you do it?" one girl whispered to her friend "No!" the other replied instantly "I'd ask how many papers he'd do if I let him fuck me," the two girls giggled to each other and Scarlett couldn't help but smile.
She couldn't blame them, Professor Andrews was handsome, in his early thirties, with dark black hair and a closely trimmed beard. He was around 6 feet tall and had a very good body. A lot of the girls took English Lit just to be around him. Professor Andrews knew this though - he always started the course with three difficult books to weed out the uncommitted. Scarlett thought that plan was clever, cunning but clever. She'd never looked at him sexually before but today she couldn't help wondering how big his cock was. She felt her legs drifitng apart more and more as class went on. Knowing entirely that anyone who passed by at the right angle, would clearly see her shaved pussy.
English Lit was almost over for the day, Professor Andrew's had finished his long-winded speech and was summing up. You could sense that everyone was packing up and eager to leave. "Before you all head out - can I please get your hard copies of the essay on changing themes and cultures in the 19th Century. I should already have the email copy by now."
A large mass of students shuffling and grabbing papers from their bags filled the room but a cold panic set in for Scarlett. She'd completely forgot to finish the assignment for class - what with everything that happened over the weekend.
Students filed past her and left the room until she was left alone sitting there. Professor Andrews came down the stairs toward her aisle. "Scarlett, everything ok?" He asked.
"Yeah... yeah everything is fine. I was just you know... taking a moment to absorb it all, great lecture today Mr Andrews" Scarlett beamed at him, a little flattery might help her get out of this. She could tell it hit the right spot as a clear sense of pride spread across the professor's face.
"Have you got the hard copy of your essay?" He asked. "Ummm about that..." Scarlett started, looking down and tucking the hair on her right side behind her ear. "I have finished it but I completely forgot to bring a hard copy"
Professor Andrew's sighed deeply, "I shouldn't be doing this but - I'll let you print out a copy to hand in. But this is the one and only time I'll let you do this - OK?"
"Thank you that would be great!" Scarlett said as she stood up grabbing her bags and following the Professor down the steps to the front of the class. They walked together across the room to a small brown door with frosted glass covering the top half. The words Professor's Office stamped in black on the glass. Professor Andrew's opened the door and motioned for Scarlett to enter. He closed the door behind them both and flicked on a small desk lamp.
Scarlett took a seat at the desk and pulled the keyboard toward herself. Knowing she now had to come clean she hoped she could talk her way out of the trouble she was in. "I have to be honest - I haven't sent it over to you yet." She began.
"You have finished the assignment, correct?" Professor Andrews asked.
Scarlett paused for a beat, "Almost, I'm like 90% there"
Professor Andrews shook his head and reached for the doorknob. "Scarlett, I'm sorry that's going to have to go down as a late and will affect the grade."
Scarlett sprang from the chair and crossed the room in a fraction of a second. "No, no - please there must be something I can do?" Pleaded Scarlett as she pushed the door closed. Now standing in very close proximity to her Professor, she could feel the heat between them in that moment. Professor Andrews put his hands on her shoulders. He manuverered her backwards and sat her on the edge of his desk facing him and the door. "I'm going to ask you a question and I want you to tell me the absolute truth. If you do that, I'll let you bring in the assignment tomorrow with no late mark. Sound fair?" He asked.
"What's the question?" Scarlett enquired.
"Why did you come to my class today without any underwear on?" He asked flatly
Scarlett's heart began to race as she stared into the eyes of her Professor, "You better take a seat, it's a bit of a tale" Scarlett proceeded to recount the events of Saturday morning and the window cleaner to her professor. She could tell from the tent in his trousers and then the way he started rubbing that tent that she'd got to him with her story.
"So, I couldn't finish this morning because I spent too long deciding between wearing panties or wearing a butt plug." Scarlett finished and stared at him.
Professor Andrews was clearly aroused, grabbing and rubbing the tent in front of him "So what did you decided in the end?" He stammered.
Scarlett simply undid the button on the side of her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Standing there leaning her backside against his desk, no skirt, no panties, just a bald and damp pussy. Scarlett hitched herself up onto the desk and leaned back slightly. Without a word being said she slowly open her legs, which were bent at the knee and showed her butt plug to the professor. He was staring open mouthed at the most erotic thing he'd ever seen in his life. A sparkling butt plug with a red jewel was puckering in and out of Scarlett's butt hole while her wetness from her now gaping pussy slid down over her butt plug, helping it slide and glide even more.
Scarlett's fingers began to play with her bald pussy as her Professor sat and watched. Scarlett slid two fingers slowly inside herself and gently tapped on her g spot. "Oh yessss" a moan escaped her lips and her half-closed eyes spied her Professor undoing his zip. As he stood up and released his cock Scarlett's eyes grew wide as she stared in shock at the cock before her. She guessed it to be around 7 or 8 inches at least and jutted out firmly from the root with a large mushroom head on the end.
Upon seeing this Scarlett picked up the pace and proceeded to pound her pussy with her two fingers filling the room with her moans and the sound of wet fingers slopping in and out of her juicy pussy. Professor Andrews was beating his cock with slow and steady thrusts but couldn't take his eyes off Scarlett. Scarlett felt her orgasm building inside herself quickly, just a few more seconds and she knew she'd be cumming in front of her Professor. So, Scarlett stopped, dropped off the desk and knelt in front of her Professor, not waiting to be told no. She took hold of his raging hard on and begun to lick every inch of this veiny monster.
Scarlett sucked hard on the tip and used both hands to pump his cock up and down while swirling her tongue around the mushroom head. "Oh fuck yes - just like that!" Professor Andrews moaned. Scarlett kept at it for a minute more before attempting to take the cock fully into her mouth. It took some time and some effort but soon she was breathing through her nose and had her throat full of hard cock. Gagging and slurping she went on like this for a few minutes before releasing his cock and taking a large breath.
Scarlett felt her professor stand her up and spin her around. He threw half the objects on his desk to the ground before bending her over and lifting her skirt out of the way. He stared down at the red jewel still in its place and the wet and creamy object of his desire below. Rubbing his wet and erect cock with one hand he started lining himself up to enter Scarlett. She felt the tip of his cock at her entrance and then turned her head to look back at him. In that moment she could see the second thoughts forming in his mind. Scarlett couldn't take the risk of not getting what she needed so she got the angle right and slammed herself backwards onto his thick cock.
Both moaned in unison once Scarlett had filled herself up entirely. She felt his large hands on her hips as his pace begun to quicken. Pumping his hard cock into Scarlett she heard him say "Oh yes you like that don't you!"
Through ragged breaths Scarlett could only hum in reply "Uh huh" she continued " I love it - fuck - I love it so much"
Scarlett continued moaning with orgasmic pleasure as her Professor pinned her down with his right hand on the back of her neck and his left hand spanking her wildly. "Yes, spank me" she screamed "I've been a naughty girl"
Scarlett felt her own orgasm as it built with each thrust, each echoing moan and wet slapping sound which filled the room. Each sound increasing Scarlett's orgasm until finally as she put her hands flat on the desk and arched her back so she was looking almost straight up she felt the massive cock inside her rub along her g spot several times leaving her shaking and speechless. Unable to comprehend the world around her, she hadn't heard the Professor state in hurried breathes " I'm gonna cum"
She only knew he'd cum when she felt the hot semen fill her inside and set off her own orgasm. Her entire body shook and spasmed while this hard cock remained planted inside her firing off jet after jet of cum deep inside her pussy. Her high-pitched screams and moans were drowned out by the hand which quickly wrapped itself over her mouth. Trying to breathe through his fingers she turned her head and looked at him out the corner of her eye. He too was lost in his own orgasm and Scarlett pumped up and down a few more times enjoying the size and thickness of his cock.
Scarlett pulled off his cock, grabbed her skirt and put it back on while her professor stood like a statue, his cock deflating and a mixture of both their juices dripping off the end of his cock. He looked toward the ceiling and took some needed deep breathes.
"I'll have that assignment for you tomorrow." Scarlett said as she bolted out the door and out of the classroom. She headed straight for her car as she could feel his cum beginning to run down the inside of her leg.
To be Continued...?