She was sitting on the bed: just on the edge with her feet on the floor, hands wringing on her lap. She had on black shiny heels and a blind fold. Nothing else. Bare.
There was a tap at the door. A nervous tap? She heard it echo loudly in her ears. It sounded nervous because she was nervous. She tightened her stomach.
He walked over and opened the door. "Hi! Great timing! Glad you made it! Have a seat guys!" He closed the door solidly.
"Hey, wow, thanks for the invite!" said a man's voice. And then quieter, like maybe she couldn't hear he said, "wow... well she's fucking hot! Look at those nipples..." and the sound of another man agreeing.
"Sit down here... and if you want to put those beers in the mini fridge it's over here in the cabinet."
Then the feeling of movement in the room. The opening of the fridge and the sound of things being put into it. A short reprieve while the fridge was arranged. She realized she had been holding her breath and tried to breathe normally and as quietly as possible. She willed her quiet breathing and stillness to make her invisible.
But it didn't work.
"So you're gonna let me show off my little pony girl?" Her man was talking to her, his hand in her hair.
And again, "You're ready to get watched being my little fuck-pony?"
She nodded and squeaked, "uh huh."
He pulled the blindfold off and she could see the two men sitting in the chairs on either side of the hotel-room table. She kept her chin down and blinked but looked at them through her lowered lashes. They were really close. It seemed her knees were almost touching theirs.
"Look up baby. You're a proud fuck pony." He tipped her head up with his hand in her hair. Her face burned hot.
"And a pony needs a bridle doesn't she?" He fastened a collar around her neck. A familiar feeling. He clicked the lock closed and she felt a wave of relief spread over her. She was no longer a woman sitting naked in front of three clothed men, two of them strangers. Now she was an object. A little animal. A pet.
He slipped his finger through the ring in the front of the collar and pulled her up to standing, pulled her into his arms and she felt his kiss and then her lips started kissing his and then the world, the men, the room... it all fell away and she let herself be weightless in his arms. She tested his solidity by losing her own balance a bit. And finding him tenable she wrapped her arms around his neck and let the kiss be a dance.
The kiss seemed to last so long but when it ended it was so short and she was abruptly back in a hotel room doing something she'd really wanted to do but now felt hopelessly over her head about.
"You've got a wet pussy and I know it and you know it, but let's you and I show them just what a little whore you are." He guided her with his finger still through the ring on her collar back to the edge of the bed where she'd been sitting.
"Get up on your knees slut and push that pussy out!"
She climbed up quickly on the bed on her elbows and knees.
A hard smack landed on her ass.
"Out! Show me the pussy you brought for me to show off!"
She arched her back and spread her knees and sunk deeper into the revealing position, her shoulders on the bed.
His hand was continually beating hard red swats on her ass. She arched her back as deeply as she could. She felt insane for a minute and then just hungry. In her mind thoughts flooded over each other, "Just satisfy me; just penetrate me; just please please fuck it..." Her soft hot cheek against the bedspread, her nipples grazing the bedspread, felt like the only points of contact she would ever get.
Then his hand was there, spreading her cunt open, pulling her labia between his fingers, slapping her hairless cunt, the smacking sounds, the sensation of being exposed, one slap perfectly landing on her clit she came, spraying her cum on the men.
"You're gonna dirty up these kind men who came to watch you be a whore?"
"Ok pony girl. Here's your cute little tail. Give me your ass! Show them your pucker, fuck hole."
And she pushed and arched harder and she knew the plug and dreaded and desired it equally.
"Either she takes it dry or you guys spit on her asshole," and she squeezed her tearing eyes tight because which was worse? And they each got up and one at a time, each with the confidence of a boy whose been aiming his spit at things until he became a man and her asshole was the target, met his mark. She felt the tip of the plug smear around her anus and their spit was worked in then he pushed with a steady pressure. She pushed her ass against the pressure and breathed her recent orgasms deeply and ate the pony tail plug with her asshole. Not without the cries and pitiful moans of a horny whore caught up in mindless desire.
Her eyes were hot.
"Get up little pony. Show Daddy and these guys how you behave with a tail in your ass"
He guided her crawling across the bed and off and then she clambered to standing.
"Walk to the bathroom," he instructed.
She obeyed, feeling the lengths of the tail brush against her legs as her hips swayed, encouraged by the stilettos.
"Now turn around and walk back."
And she obeyed again, thoroughly self conscious of the sight of herself.
She stopped in front of him and he put her hands behind her neck and affixed a tweezer clamp with a bell to each nipple. Her nipples were large, square and given that one of the guys had mentioned them already he intended to use them fully. He swatted her left breast hard and she gasped and buckled a bit but the bell jingled and held. He swatted her right breast hard and the clamp dislodged so he replaced it, tightened it, and swatted again. She gasped and her eyelids fluttered but the bell jingeld and held.
Now she was in front of the full length mirror.
He yanked her head down and she bent at the waist, steadying herself with her hands against the wall. The bells on her nipples dangled and jingled.
"Stay," he said and rummaged in his bag on the desk for oh god an hour? While she stood bent and exposed of her own free will.
Now that she was in front of the mirror she could see the two men reflected, each hunched in his chair with a beer in one hand and his hard cock in the other. They were getting off to her! In real time! Watching her be paraded around like an animal!
"Now suck it!" and he suctioned a black rubber dildo to the mirror right in front of her face.
By slapping her ass and kicking her legs apart she was bent at the waist looking at her own face: her mouth stretched around a dildo mounted to the mirror.
At first seeing herself in the mirror was shocking, bent over, breasts hanging, her legs parted wide balancing in the shoes, the tail hanging between her legs, the men gaping at her, cocks in their fists.
And then he was standing behind her and their eyes met and she could see he was in beast mode. He snarled at her and wrapped his hand around her tail and gave it a little pull. Her asshole squeezed around it and she came, her body shuddered. She moaned into the dildo filling her mouth, holding her in place and silencing her.
Then he was flicking the tail up over her ass to rest on her back and he entered her pussy, working in past the plug and filling her, pounding her, working her into a frenzy from the inside out. She was cumming over and over her cunt rippling against his cock. Her eyes were closed, tears and mascara streaming down her face, drool running down her chin and stringing onto the floor.
Inevitably he did pull the plug out and make her hold her ass open for him and he fucked her till she gaped and her pussy sprayed all over his balls which were slapping her cunt as he drove into her.
When she could barely stand he removed her from the mirror. He asked the two men, one of whom had already cum into a hotel washcloth and the other who was still fondling himself and sipping beer, if they would like to give the pony a drink because didn't she look thirsty. They certainly did want to, and they each took a turn pouring some water into her mouth while she tried to swallow it and most of it ran down her body.
"So you're the nipple guy," he said nodding at the younger guy who had already cum. "Why don't you take those little bells off? You should lick her nips right after you take off the clamp to help her out. You know it's gonna hurt a little."
The guy fumbled, getting his nervous fingers around the vice. He slid it open and the tweezer painfully detached from her skin. A hand clamped over her mouth as she roared in pain and a soft mouth sucked at her bruised nipple, soothing it.
The second was repeated immediately, her head hanging back against her man, his hand clamped firmly over her mouth. Her body shook and she came like that in his arms with her legs buckling, shaking, completely supported in his arms.
His huge arms and barrel chest were wrapped around her from behind. They were standing, both nude and smiling.
"Well thanks for coming- i mean cumming guys. I think this little thing may have gotten almost as much as she can take!"
She was already kicking her heels off.
The guys ducked their heads goodbye and the hotel door shut soundly behind them.
He reached for the tiny key under the TV and unlocked her collar letting it drop to the floor with the key.
He fell back on the bed pulling her down with him.
She twisted in his arms, now over him on the bed. She wiggled down down over his huge body till her face was at his hip and her tongue started lapping him, sucking his cock in, snuggling her face down deep to lick and suck his balls. Spit everywhere the soft feeling of his balls and his stiffening cock on her cheek. She worked him with her hand, she spit on him and pulled him and rocked her body against his legs greedily forcing his ever stiffer cock deeper and deeper down her throat. He helped her by pulling her head down onto him. Her choking and spitting adding to his pleasure. Her soft mouth. Her throat trying to yield to his cock. He pulled her hungry mouth off, pulled her up by her armpits and she was straddling him, grinning. Makeup gone. Pretense gone. Stress gone.
"Who's the rider baby?"
"I am!" His body was so huge she had to brace her foot on the bed frame, the other foot just by his chest on the bed. She guided his cock into her soaked and swollen cunt. Braced her hands against his huge chest.
"Who's the horse baby?"
"Oh Daddy, you're my horse!"
And she rode him. Her huge daddy horse, filling herself with him over and over. Bucking her hips spraying her cum all over his chest till they were both wet and slippery and he pushed her to her knees on the floor and finished on her tongue, obediently out, ready waiting. She lapped him up. Both of them mixed up together.