I stared out my car window at her little white panties, poking out under her school dress which had ridden high up on her round little ass. I strained to look closely and was rewarded. I could indeed see the outline of two swollen little pussy lips and a slight crevice between them. I silently wished she'd never find what she was looking for in her school bag. But then the lights changed and I had to drive on.
'Good thing too,' I thought. I was going nuts since I'd broken up with Chloe. I was constantly horny, ogling forty year olds and high school girls alike.
It's no wonder, for all our problems Chloe and I had had an amazing sex life. She'd actually seemed as horny as myself. She'd loved exposing herself to me in public places. Giving me a little glimpse of her wet panties in public or placing my hand on them under the table when we were at dinner.
Sometimes she'd start masturbating so that only I was aware of it. Then she'd try to make me stand up somehow, even though I was hard as a rock and there was obviously a massive bulge in my pants.
She used to do this when we were having dinner with her family. She'd make me rub her cutch under the table and she in turn would rub my cock through my pants, then she'd sweetly ask me to get her a drink or something. I couldn't say no without looking like a jerk so I'd have to get up in front of everyone, unsuccessfully doing my best to conceal my hard cock bulging against my pants. Chloe's sisters and even her mum would see and I'd catch them looking and smirking. Thank God Chloe didn't have a dad around – he'd have chased me out of the house with a shotgun!
It wasn't just her family either, she'd do it in front of our friends or in crowded restaurants. I always succumbed to her – get up in front of our friends or a room full of strangers with my rock hard erection bulging against my pants. I was powerless to resist her.
Usually she'd later take me into a spare room or the bathroom. She'd get down on her knees and pull down my pants to release my cock, which always looked massive in front of her cute little face. She'd start sucking but just long enough to tease me so that I would be powerless to refuse whatever else she had in mind. Usually she'd bend over, her hands against the wall and her skirt flipped up over her perfect round ass. Often she'd tell me to get down on my knees and sniff her crotch from behind. Then I'd have to peel her panties off her steaming wet pussy – sometimes using only my teeth. Generally she'd then demand I fuck her from behind and call her a dirty little slut.
She never tried to be quiet. She'd moan and scream as loud as she felt like and I wouldn't say anything to stop her – all I'd be thinking about was shooting loads of cum into her dripping wet pussy.
Afterwards she'd put her soiled panties into my pocket and walk back to the table with nothing covering her pussy but her short little skirt.
Her sisters and friends would often be smirking even more when we'd walk back in, sweaty and flustered. Chloe would make some weak excuse as to why we had been gone and clearly no one of them would believe it - if their continued naughty smirks were anything to go by.
Often I'd catch one of her sisters, Tina staring at me with fire in her eyes. Tina would look away embarrassed when I looked back and I remember realizing one night, that she was probably as horny as her sister and wanted some of the same. One night I even noticed her staring at me across the table at a family dinner. She looked very flushed, and I could see slight rhythmic movements of her arm under the table – I'd realized she was masturbating right there at the table. I'd kept my head down as the whole family was there. Of course I wasn't able to get up from the table for a long time as I'd had a raging hard on.
I attribute occurrences like this to the stories I know Chloe must have told her friends and sisters about us. I know she did this just by the way they looked at me. Towards the end it was getting really wild.
A few of her friends had started exposing themselves to me. They were always careful not to make it too obvious but far too often certain of them would sit with their legs spread wide enough that I could see their panties – once I even saw a large wet spot on a pair of grey cotton panties. Also they seemed to need to bend over a lot in tight short shorts that rode up their cracks or in little skirts that would raise up revealing their panties. Sometimes they'd bend over facing me and the full view I'd get of their breasts would make it clear they weren't wearing any bra. This fact would be reaffirmed by the nipples visibly pressing against their tops when they straightened up.
But that was all in the past. I was single again now and I felt alright about it. Toward the end Chloe had just gotten too moody – she'd been pissed off all the time – even our fantastic sex life had gotten a bit too freaky – more violent and angry than tender and love filled - and kinky.
In the last couple of months she'd developed a penchant for watersports. Well actually her desire had probably been growing since long before that – I just hadn't recognized the signs.
The first sign I can remember now looking back was one night when she'd come home from work.
I'd been sitting on the couch and she'd come over and sat beside me. She'd looked hot and bothered and I'd asked her if anything was wrong. At that she'd gotten dramatically teary and started telling me how she'd wet her undies on the bus ride home.
I'd told her it was alright and no big deal, and that she should just have a shower and put on some clean clothes, but she'd carried on, going into great detail about how she'd needed to go whilst waiting for the bus. She'd had to keep crossing her thighs together and jiggling around, she said. She'd gotten to the point where she couldn't hold it in anymore and had decided to go off in search of a toilet, when her bus had arrived.
Not wanting to wait another 20 minutes she'd got on. She immediately regretted it, she said – the bumping of the bus had increased the pressure on her bladder. At first she'd just crossed her legs pressing her thighs tightly together to hold back the flow but then it had gotten so bad that she'd had to hike up her skirt a little and press down on her pussy with her hand. She informed me that at this point she had realized the teenage boy on the seat beside her had noticed her actions and kept glancing down nervously every few seconds at her hand under her skirt, pushed up against her pussy. She told me she'd carried on a little longer like this until she couldn't help but make little moaning noises and push harder against her pussy with her hand, then it happened. The bus had gone over a big bump and she'd felt a spurt of hot wet piss come through her thin cotton panties and trickle over her fingers. She'd pressed harder against her wet panties and stopped the flow for a few more moments but then it had become too much.
Hot piss had gushed into and through her little cotton panties, all over her hand and gone running down her thighs. She told me she'd felt hot trickles running down into her ass crack, soaking not just her panties but her thighs, ass and skirt. She'd tried to stop, she cried to me, but more and more of the hot liquid had kept gushing into her panties and running down her legs. She told me how the teenager beside her had been staring in alarmed fascination at her as she sat there, her skirt now completely hiked up, sitting in her hot piss, her panties soaking wet and her wet hand pushed against her crotch. Then she'd seen that his cock was completely erect and straining against his pants.
Still in tears, she told me how she'd pulled the cord to signal her intention to get off. She'd ran to the front of the bus with her legs glistening wet and demanded the driver stop and let her off, then she'd run the rest of the way home.
I could see that the story was true, there was still a damp patch drying on the front of her skirt and when she turned round to show me the back it was even wetter. Also she was now sweaty too from having run home and her tight white business shirt was clinging to her skin especially around her big round boobs. Her tears were easing now and the tone of her voice changed slightly when she mentioned the teenage boy again.
"I just couldn't believe how turned on he was by seeing me wet my undies," she'd said.
I'd just grunted back, then she asked me if it turned me on. My cock was getting pretty hard hearing her tell the story in such detail and I had to admit that "yeah maybe it turned me on just a little."
She'd then reached down to touch my cock to see if it was hard. When she touched it and found that it was she'd looked at me naughtily.
"You are one dirty bastard you know that – that's sick. You want to take advantage of me after I had my accident do you."
As she said this she was putting her hand into my pants gripping my cock and rubbing it up and down. "You want to fuck my wet pussy do you, you dirty fuck?"
With her other hand she'd undone my belt and begun opening my pants. My cock fully hard, had sprung out of my pants and she'd leant down and given it a lick. She'd then put her head over it, closing her mouth tight and wet over the head of it.
With her bent over like she was, I could see the back of her wet skirt riding up her ass. After just a couple of minutes sucking me she'd stopped and swung her leg over me so that she was now straddling me. She'd raised herself up high on her knees.
"You like my wet pussy do you?" she said, as she tried to grind it into my face. Frantically she'd tried to pull off her panties. As she was still straddling me she had to do first one leg then the other, and had nearly fallen off of me. As she maneuvered the panties off, her legs spread wide and I could smell the tangy scent of her. I felt my cock throb then her hand wrapped around it once more and she held it steady and guided it to the mouth of her pussy. It slid in after just a few moments of resistance and she was soon bucking back and forth grinding hard into me. I ripped open her shirt and started sucking on her nipple the way she liked. My hands gripped onto her meaty ass cheeks, the only part of her body that was plump.
She was moaning deeply and I knew she was going to cum soon. Her breath was catching in her throat each time I licked a hard nipple. I could feel the heat building in me too. As her orgasm built up she began rocking and moaning even harder and that set me off. I felt my cum shoot forcefully up into her soaking wet pussy and the feeling of it must have set her off also. She started cumming hard and I felt her pussy lips tighten and juices gush all over me. I was still shooting into her having ejaculated not once, but several times in quick succession.
Afterwards I'd laid back thinking, wondering if maybe the whole wetting herself thing had turned not just me on but her too. Maybe that had been why she'd described the incident in such graphic detail, to get me excited so that she could use me to alleviate her own horniness. Then I didn't know what to think, I was always suspicious of her being manipulative like that when it came to sex. Then I'd feel guilty as I thought maybe it was just me putting that on her.
Turns out I was right though. A few weeks later we were having sex, she was on top and just as she was starting to build up to her orgasm I felt hot piss flood all over me. It felt good they way it burned at the tip of my cock and ran all down my balls and thighs so I just went with it. It must have felt good to her too because her pace suddenly quickened to forceful bucking and she started screaming "fuck yeah!"
After she came, I'd bent her over and taken her from behind. She was soaking wet with piss and cum running out of her pussy and down her thighs. I'd pulled out and cum over her asshole as I often liked to do. Then I'd flopped on the bed spent and "fuck." It was soaked with her piss.
"What the fuck was that?" I'd said.
"Sorry I couldn't help it, I just got carried away," she'd replied. "Anyway you didn't seem to mind too much." A mischievous glint in her eye.
"Yeah well now the beds satched."
I remember a couple of weeks after that first incident we were at a bar. She was wearing a short skirt and a low cut top. As was her way, she'd started coming on to me hard, rubbing her hand against the front of my jeans and telling me what she'd like to do to my cock. I was never able to resist when she did this, even though I didn't want to get hard in a crowded bar surrounded by our friends. I managed to move her to a dark corner and we started kissing and fooling around. Two girls were sitting on a couch nearby but no one else was really able to see us and I didn't really mind two young hotties blatantly checking out the show. My jeans were unbuttoned now and Chloe had her hands down the front of my pants rubbing my cock. My hand was under her skirt now, lifting it up above her waist, and I was rubbing her pussy through her steaming panties. All of a sudden I felt a gush of hot liquid spurt into my hand and trickle over my fingertips. At the same time Chloe grinded hard against my hand with her soaking pussy. She then dragged me into the toilets and pushed me into a cubicle. She hitched up her skirt pulled down her now wet undies and leant up against the wall with her ass poking out. I ripped my cock out and fucked her ferociously from behind.
After that night she'd come clean about how much wetting herself turned her on. I went with it and from then on we incorporated it into our sex games. I even returned the favour a couple of times by pissing on her pussy while she lay on her back in the bathtub, rubbing her pussy under her undies while I pissed all over them and her.
Anyway, this was not long before I'd left her. It was a shame because the sex was just getting better and better while her crazy mood swings got worse and worse. I had been most reluctant to leave her as just a few weeks before she'd attacked me and I'd told her it was over, we'd had our first orgy. That's always going to be a pretty strong incentive to cling onto a relationship but even more so when the girls involved are cousins.
We were at her auntie's house for a barbecue. One of Chloe's sisters and two of her cousins were there – all gorgeous young things.
It was a hot day – 32 degrees, and Chloe and I were lounging back on banana lounges when her cousin Michelle, who was 23 with massive round boobs came bouncing out with a tray of Mohitos. She bounced around in her bikini either oblivious to, or unconcerned about the fact that her bikini bottoms had risen halfway up her ass allowing an unobstructed view of the well defined curve of the bottom of her ass cheeks. As she came skipping over to Chloe and I on our lounges, her boobs bouncing happily, she had three Mohitos left. She leant in real close so we wouldn't have to sit up much and we gratefully took our icy Mohitos from the tray. As she leant in towards me I couldn't take my eyes of her big boobs, looking full and round from this angle. She took the last one herself and put the tray back, then standing directly in front of me she stretched arching her back and ran the drink over her neck and the upper swell of her breasts. As I watched her I saw her nipples get hard through the fabric of her bikini top. As if in harmony I started to get hard too.
It was at this point that Michelle looked down at me, staring me straight in the eyes, her own eyes flashing, she then looked at the growing bulge in my bather shorts (which did little to conceal me) then back up at my eyes with a devilish grin "You like my drink?" she asked me, to which I mumbled an idiotic "yeah, thanks Michelle."
She then turned around and put her drink on the low table in front of us with an excessively deep and drawn out bend forward that revealed the crotch of her bikini to me and resulted in her ass being only a foot and a half away from me. She then skipped forward a few steps and jumped into the pool.
She swam straight over to Chloe's sister Tina and started splashing her in the face. Tina was a petite little blonde thing of about 22. She immediately responded in kind and soon the two were grabbing hold of each other trying to dunk each other. Here Tina had of course fallen straight into Michelle's trap for as Michelle dunked Tina and they both went down, her hand ripped back out of the water holding Tina's brown bikini top.
Tina jumped towards Michelle again to dunk her and her big wet boobs lifted up out of the water with a flourish. It took a few seconds before she realized there was now nothing covering her oversized round boobs. She let out a squeal and quickly covered her big boobs with her little hands. This was an exercise in futility but she did succeed in covering her nipples and areola at least. Michelle was already swimming away giggling, to the other side of the pool. As Michelle swung the bikini top over her head Tina called out for her to give it back.
"Come and get it," Michelle replied. Tina did her best to make her way across the pool to Michelle with her hands still cupping her large boobs. When she got there of course she was faced with a dilemma. In order to grab it back from Michelle's outstretched arm she would have to take her hands off her breasts thereby leaving them completely exposed again. She pleaded once again for it to be handed back to her civilly but when it quickly became apparent this was never going to happen she made her decision.
Tina lunged at Michelle wrapping her arms around her in a big hug. I saw her uncovered breasts push against Michelle's face as she climbed up her body toward the bikini in Michelle's outstretched hand. Michelle giggled as she was pushed lower in the water, her face pushed into her cousins' big boobs. Just when it looked like Tina was about to grab the little piece of material Michelle's hand flicked away and the bikini top flew across the pool landing in the water near Chloe's other cousin Mandy (18, wearing a little green two –piece).
Tina quickly turned and started running/ swimming toward the top trying to reach it before Mandy did. Her breasts were once again completely out and visible. Unfortunately for Tina and fortunately for me the ever mischievous Michelle had dived after Tina and grabbed her around her stomach from behind dragging her back. Tina thrashed to get free as Michelle pulled her backward in the water trying to dunk her cousin as her tits bounced heavily above her arms. At this point I noticed that Chloe who had been laughing beside me at this show had now noticed me laying there my mouth agape and my hard on straining furiously against my shorts. She shook her head at me disapprovingly but a cheeky grin still played across her luscious lips.
Michelle and Tina wrestled each other in the water until Tina screamed for Michelle to get off her. "You're such a bitch Michelle," she squealed as she swam towards the edge of the pool closest to me. Hurriedly, she lifted herself up out the pool, making no attempt to conceal her oversized naked breasts. Water ran down her round mounds and splashed off her hard nipples as she boosted herself out of the pool. She then ran dripping wet in just her little bikini bottoms (which had ridden half way up her ass from all the activity) into the house. "Come back," called Mandy, "you can have it back." But Tina was already gone inside.
Chloe beside me said "that was mean Michelle," though she still had a smirk on her face, "especially with John sitting here."
"I don't think he minded much, did you John?" Michelle smirked with a mischievous grin and a glance at the bulge in my shorts.
"No I don't think he did either," said Chloe, also grinning as she checked out my hard on – "dirty old man!"
Needless to say after all that I was extremely horny. Once the sun had started going down we had all gone inside to watch a movie. I was sitting on the couch with Chloe lying draped across me. Michelle was sitting in the armchair beside the couch and Mandy was lying on the floor in front of us. (Tina had left shortly after the incident where she'd been stripped by her cousin and forced to run virtually naked from the pool to the house in front of me. Her face had burned as she looked down and barked an angry goodbye at us).
Being as hot as it was, none of us had bothered getting dressed, except for Michelle who had made a big show of putting on a little white T-Shirt then removing her bikini top through the sleeve of her shirt. The thing was, Michelle hadn't bothered to dry herself so she had just became the only participant in a wet t-shirt comp I could only presume was being put on for my benefit, certainly her nipples seemed to be pointing through the wet fabric in my direction. So too, the way she sat, with one leg hooked up over the arm of her chair closest to us, resulted in the crack outlined by her sheer wet bikini bottoms also pointing in my direction. She swung her leg absentmindedly making the wet material of her bikini bottoms alternate between stretching taut over her mound and creasing into her crack.
As I watched, her nipples started getting harder against the wet fabric of her T-shirt – she may as well have been wearing nothing at all, it was so see-through.
In my already aroused state of mind this made me get hard again and like an idiot I was still wearing just my bather shorts. I was sitting up with Chloe draped across me and as soon as my cock grew to full strength it came to be pressing against the back of her bare thighs.
She felt it and looked over at me with a wicked grin, obviously thinking that my state was as a result of her damp naked body draped across me.
Chloe slyly reached down and began rubbing my balls. She still hadn't looked over in Michelle's direction and was therefore still oblivious of the real reason for my raging hard on. I was loathe for her to look over and discover I was hard from looking at her 23 year old cousin's pussy but I just couldn't stop looking at it. Now Chloe was going from rubbing my balls through my bather shorts to moving her hand over my shaft. This was sending me crazy. She wrapped her hand around it as best she could through my bathers and started rubbing up and down. This went on for a few more minutes. She was getting more into it – rougher – but she was still looking towards the TV so as to remain surreptitious. I was still staring out of the corners of my eyes at her little cousin's bikini clad pussy and almost gasped at the casual movement of Michelle's hand when she absentmindedly began rubbing an itch on her upper thigh.
Then I felt Chloe's hand creeping under the leg of one of my shorts. She grabbed hold of my cock and forcefully pulled it out of the leg of my shorts. Now it was out in the open for all to see.
I couldn't utter a word of complaint about having had my cock pulled out of my shorts with Chloe's cousins sitting just feet away from me or else they would have heard me and looked over. I couldn't even force Chloe's hand away and put it back in my shorts myself, as the sudden movement would also have drawn the girls' attention. Useless it would have been in any event. In my current state the little bather shorts did nothing to conceal me – I may as well have been naked.
These thoughts ran through my mind but really I couldn't think clearly at all. Chloe was properly stroking my cock now with long steady up and down movements of her hand (so much softer than my own). Michelle's leg was swinging up and down on the arm chair and I could clearly see her 23 year old pussy through the wet fabric of her bikini bottoms not to mention her big round boobs and hard little nipples through her wet and transparent white T-shirt. Even Mandy was driving me crazy, lying on her side in front of us in just her bikini the contours and crack of her ass so well defined. All this was making my head swim and I could feel a surge of cum building up.
I felt Chloe's hand relinquish my cock and felt simultaneous relief and frustration. I looked away from Michelle's pussy only to see Chloe wriggling down the couch and turning around to face me so that her head was positioned above my cock. She ran her tongue along my shaft before plunging it deep into her hot wet mouth.
This was ridiculous now. There was no way this could actually go undetected - it was only a matter of time before one of the girls saw the movement and looked over. Now I noticed Chloe's hand had made its way inside her bikini bottoms and her hand was making rolling movements in time with her mouths movement around my cock. I watched this display somewhat alarmed but feeling powerless to do anything about it.
I looked away from the sight of Chloe bobbing up and down on my cock, with her hand rubbing her pussy inside her bikini bottoms, back toward Michelle. I froze!
Michelle was staring straight at us, her eyes wide, no longer mischievous but rather doe –eyed and innocent. She still had her leg hooked over the arm of her chair so that her legs were spread open.
As we made eye contact her hand went down towards her pussy. The movement looked almost unconscious. She cupped her hand over her wet pussy mound and squeezed.
Chloe continued sucking up and down with my cock in her mouth, her own hand working away beneath her bikini bottoms. Oblivious and I think now completely unconcerned that her actions had caught the attention of her horny little cousin.
Michelle began moving her hand in circular motions over her bikini clad pussy, her eyes transfixed by her bikini clad cousin bobbing up and down on my big hard cock. As I watched she hooked a thumb under the band of one side of her bikini bottoms, pushing it aside to reveal her pussy, glistening wet now. She started rubbing two fingers in circular motions over her clit. Her nipples were hard as little pebbles now pressing through the wet fabric of her top. She continued rubbing her pussy in circular motions staring at Chloe's mouth sucking up and down on my huge cock. Then she slipped two fingers into her pussy and started sliding them in an out. She took no notice of me or at least no notice of my eyes staring at her pussy. She was completely transfixed by Chloe's mouth on my cock.
Then it happened! Michelle let out a deep involuntary moan. Chloe stuttered in her rhythm as I heard Mandy gasp "Oh my God!"
I looked and saw Mandy was rolling over toward us with a look of disbelief on her face. Chloe lifted her head and looked toward Michelle, taking her hand out of her bikini bottoms as she did so. Michelle was still sitting back in the big arm chair with the leg closest to me hooked up over the arm, her bikini bottoms were pushed to one side of her pussy and she was rubbing her clit in quick circular motions. Her head was rolled back now and her eyes were closed, she obviously was horny enough she didn't even need to watch us (this would explain her looks at my cock all day). She started moaning more and her pace quickened. She was clearly getting close to cumming. Her breath was heavy and catching in her throat. "Oh my God," Mandy said again "What are you guys doing while I'm lying here watching TV?... Michelle?"
" No - don't – please," gasped Michelle as she continued to rub her clit. "You horny little slut Michelle!" Chloe said in exhilarated astonishment. Then Michelle lifted her head and looked forward again and her eyes focused directly on my cock still rock hard and throbbing, standing up for all to see. "Please keep going," Mandy gasped as she stared unashamedly at my cock. "Jerk him off, right here, and let me watch," she pleaded as she continued masturbating, the ends of her fingers going up inside her pussy, juices pouring out over them and over the folds of her pussy lips and running down into the crack of her ass. "Please keep going."
Chloe laughed in disbelief at her cousin's desperation to see her jack me off then she sort of shrugged. "Alright you horny little slut,... you are a horny little slut Michelle, aren't you?... Say it!" "Yes." "Say It!"
"I'm a horny little slut," Michelle gasped.
Chloe's hand came down over my cock. She took a firm grip on it and begun rubbing up and down. I couldn't take my eyes of Michelle's fingers sluicing in and out of her pussy and she couldn't take her eyes off Chloe's hand rubbing up and down on my cock. Chloe rubbed it slowly now with long strokes pointed in Michelle's direction. I watched as Michelle worked furiously at her pussy with her two fingers. Juices literally streamed out, rolling into the crack of her ass. Her head kept rolling back but then she would drag it forward again so she could look at my cock as Chloe rubbed it in long slow strokes.
Now Chloe climbed down from the couch and kneeled in front of me, her hand never relinquishing my upright cock. Once she was positioned between my legs her head lowered down on my cock and she resumed sucking on my penis.
"Yeah suck his big hard cock," moaned Michelle as her pace quickened yet again.
As I looked up from the top of Chloe's head my eyes locked with those of little 18 year old Mandy. She was sitting on the floor facing us with her legs crossed, still wearing nothing but her bikini. As I looked at her she just stared back at me vacantly.
My attention was once more drawn back to Michelle who started moaning "oh God yeah. Oh God!"
As I watched her, her back arched and she grabbed hold of her pussy hard and screamed "Oh," as pussy juices poured out over her fingers.
Chloe's head lifted off my cock and she turned to look at her little cousin shuddering in the armchair, her legs spread wide and her bikini bottoms pushed to one side of her glistening wet pussy, juices running down the crack of her ass.
"Did you like watching me suck John's cock Michelle?"
"Hmm, yes," Michelle answered, her voice now little and quiet.
"And what about you Mandy, I notice you're very quiet all of a sudden?" she said as she turned around to look at Mandy still sitting there cross legged and open eyed.
"Ah...I don't mind," Mandy responded dumbly.
"Well I'd like to fuck my boyfriend. Would you girls like to see me fuck him?"
"Um... OK," Mandy squeeked. Michelle just lay there spent and sighing.
With that, Chloe stood up, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her bikini bottoms and pulled them down.
A little gasp came from Mandy as she saw the wet bathers roll down over Chloe's voluptuous ass. As I was sitting down and Chloe was standing in front of me I could clearly see the little beads of moisture formed at the bottom of her puffy pussy lips. She had a light covering of hair at the top and sides of her pussy. I always loved Chloe's pussy because it was symmetrical, taut and supple. Without thinking I leaned forward and gave it a lick. I felt the lips part around my tongue so that it penetrated deeper into her slightly metallic tasting pussy.
"Hey," she laughed, squirming, "Naughty boy." She pushed me back against the back of the couch with one hand, put her knees on either side of my thighs and lowered herself down onto my lap. She reached down and grabbed my rock hard, massive cock and guided it against her pussy lips. Then she pushed down against me and after just a moment of resistance the head of my cock plunged deep into her hot, wet pussy. She let out a deep moan and started rhythmically gyrating on my cock. I lay back and enjoyed the beautiful sensation. She rocked back and forth like that for a few minutes both of us letting out little moans, then Chloe said "Come here Michelle and rub my tits, it's the least you can do after we helped you get off." I was a little startled at the sudden command. I'd almost forgotten that Chloe's two little cousins were sitting here in their bikinis watching us.
Michelle got up from her armchair and kneeled on the couch beside us, then she tentatively reached out and touched her cousin's breast through her bikini top.
Her hand was just inches from my nose and I caught a whiff of her pussy juices on her fingers. Michelle then pinched Chloe's nipple between her thumb and forefinger and Chloe squeaked and rocked a bit harder against me. Michelle took her hands off Chloe's breast and reached behind her to pull the string at the back. Chloe's bikini top fell off and her enormous boobs bounced free inches from my face.
Michelle then resumed rubbing her cousin's boobs and tweaking her nipples.
Chloe rocked against my cock harder and moaned more deeply.
Next Michelle lowered her head between Chloe and I and began sucking on her left boob and licking the nipple while her other hand continued attending to Chloe's right boob.
With my cock deep inside her and her little cousin sucking and rubbing her boobs Chloe's orgasm now came on fast. Suddenly she was bucking hard on my cock and screaming "Oh yes! Yes!" She bucked hard against me a few times and I felt her pussy juices gushing over my cock and into my lap.
Chloe leaned against me spent before clumsily lifting one knee, letting my cock slide out of her wet pussy, and sitting on her naked ass on the couch beside me. My cock was bobbing and throbbing. It had been hard most of the day and I still hadn't cum. I always did take a while. I could be on what felt like the brink of ejaculation for half an hour sometime.
That said I was extremely close right now and my cock was sticking straight up in the air, red, hard and furious at the sudden lack of stimulation.
Chloe realising this said, "Oh we better finish you off, huh baby?"
Chloe was sitting on the couch to the right of me and her cousin Michelle was on the couch to the left of me. Little 18 year-old Mandy was still sitting cross legged on the floor in front of us. Facing me, now with a fist bunched against her crotch.
Chloe reached down and took a firm grip on my cock and began pumping. As she did Michelle staring at it with eyes ablaze stuck her hand once again down her own bikini bottoms. I was going to cum really quickly and I started to moan loudly when all of a sudden a little voice squeaked "Wait!"
Chloe's hand stopped moving and my attention focused on Mandy who had spoken.
"Can...can I do it...? Can I have it in my... pussy?"
There were seconds of silence which filled the room at that. Then Chloe smiled and said, "well it's up to John I guess."
"Uh... sure," I responded dumbly, my voice catching in my throat.
"Well then, you better come over here Mandy," Chloe responded.
Mandy stood up and tentatively walked over to the three of us on the couch.
"I better get these off you I guess," and with that Chloe reached for Mandy's bikini bottoms and pulled them down.
Mandy gasped, "hey!" and brought her hands together in front of her naturally ungroomed pussy, shyly pressing her legs together and angling her knees inward as she did so.
"Well do you want to or not?" Chloe demanded "Because if you do they're going to have to come off."
Michelle, enjoying her sister's obvious nervousness at being stripped bare in front of me, grabbed suddenly for Mandy's top saying, "this will have to come off too," and ripped it away exposing Mandy's bare boobs.
Mandy's boobs were smaller than Chloe and Michelle's but her nipples were longer and harder. She stood there bashfully, stripped completely naked before me. Now she vainly attempted to cover her boobs with one hand while the other remained over her pussy. She visibly trembled with nervousness before me.
"Come on then, climb down on John's cock if you want it so bad." Chloe chided mockingly.
I expected her to back out now that the moment had come – she looked terrified, but what she said next shocked us all.
"Wait... can.... um.... can he do me from behind?"
Chloe turned to me and we exchanged looks of surprised amusement.
"I'm sure he won't mind that," Chloe responded with a smirk.
"Come on then John, you get up and Mandy, you lean against the couch... yeah like that bend over nice and low."
Chloe arranged Mandy so that she was leaning forward supporting herself with her arms outstretched and her hands on the back of the couch.
I stood up straight, my cock sticking out proudly, with little 18 year old Mandy's curvy ass presented in front of me.
I lined myself up behind Mandy then Chloe reached out and took a hold of my cock and guided it to Mandy's pussy lips.
As I pushed against them I could feel they were wet but they were also extremely tight. I plunged my cock deep into Mandy's hot wet pussy and she let out a loud gasp. I pulled out then pushed in again once slowly and she gasped again then I settled into a steady rhythm.
This was obviously extremely intense for little Mandy. She moaned and gasped loudly as my cock went in and out of her tight wet little pussy.
Now Chloe took it upon herself to rub Mandy's boobs, just as Michelle had done for her a few minutes earlier.
Chloe expertly and a little roughly kneaded Mandy's breast and tweaked her nipples. Mandy was just about screaming now and was starting to push her round ass back against me on my inward thrusts.
Michelle for her part, once again had her hand in her bikini bottoms and was furiously rubbing her pussy.
I could feel Mandy's fingers intermittently touching the shaft of my cock and I realized that as I was fucking her from behind, she was rubbing her own clit.
Mandy was screaming now and I could tell that she was close to cumming. I was close too. The surge of cum was about to erupt from my cock into little Mandy. Even Michelle was about to cum again by the sound of things.
I pounded hard now into Mandy and she cried out in pleasure and pain. I felt my cock explode in heat and pounded it back into her, pushing myself against her round wet ass as hard as I could to make my cock penetrate as deep as it would go. Mandy pushed back against me and bucked and gyrated against my cock screaming as she did. As this was occurring Michelle still kneeling on the couch a foot away from us also began gasping "Oh yes... I'm cumming... I'm cumming."
Loads and loads of cum squirted out of my cock into Mandy's pussy. She pushed and bucked against my spasming cock screaming and I felt her pussy juices sluice around my cock.
We were all moaning and panting. I slowly pulled my cock out of Mandy's pussy and Chloe kneeled down and hungrily sucked it clean of my cum and her little cousin's pussy juices. We were all satisfied and spent and we lay down naked on the couch together and resumed watching our film. The other two probably felt a little uncomfortable and they soon announced that they were going up to bed.
That was the only time I'd got to have an orgy with Chloe and her cousins. A few weeks later I'd had to break up with Chloe for the sake of my own sanity.
I'd slept with a few chicks in the 2 months since we'd broken up but it didn't come close to satisfying my need for daily action, and it was just ordinary sex, with nothing particularly kinky involved. Anyway the gym would help me let out some pent up sexual frustration, I thought.
Part II
I pulled into the car park and walked up toward the gym. As I was walking in, three girls were coming out. They were all wearing leotards that clung tightly to their fit bodies and they were sweaty from an intense work out. I realized at that moment, that a visit to the gym wasn't going to help ease my sexual frustration at all. On the contrary, all these fit young women in tight gym outfits could only serve to exacerbate it. I was way too horny for this. I realised I should have taken care of myself before I came.
Nonetheless, I went in and shared greetings with the girl at the counter.
"Hey hun," she purred at me. Damn, this girl was sexy, her name was Diana and she had one of the best asses I'd ever seen. Shame she was sitting behind the reception desk right now. She was about 32 years old I'd estimate, with dark wavy Italian hair. I knew Diana from having been coming to this gym for the past couple of years. As we made idle chit-chat imbued with some playful flirting, a stunning blonde in tiny gym shorts and a boob tube came walking out from the gym and entered the area behind the reception desk.
Noticing my eyes shift to this thin beauty in a skin tight outfit, Diana asked, "Do you two know each other...? John this is Nina, Nina, John. Nina just started here a few weeks ago, John's one of our faithful regulars."
"Nice to meet you," Nina purred with a smile and a somewhat inappropriately intense look. "You too," I responded.
Nina continued her course, bending over now to get something from the shelves under the counter.
Her body was really fucking tight – like a dancers.
"Well I'm going to get into it," I said, tearing my eyes away from Nina's fantastic body.
"OK, have a good sesh hun," Diana said. "I'll probably see you out there in a little while."
The staff here usually hit the gym floor at the end of the night when most of the customers had left and it was late now, with only an hour or so before the gym was due to close. "Cool," I responded with a smile.
I walked to the change room to stow my gear, then I hit the gym floor.
I started on the treadmill which was one of a group that faced a window looking out onto the aerobics studio. I ran for about 20 minutes, all the time watching the girls do aerobics through the window in front of me.
There were about 30 girls in the class, of ages ranging from 17 to about 30. Most of them were very fit, wearing tight leotards and other gym apparel.
As I watched, the girls jumped; 30 sets of boobs bounced up and down. They did steps and kicks that made their tights and shorts strain against the wide range of asses now before me.
I watched in awe as the entire class, lead by their instructor went down into a yoga position which I believe is called down dog. Their hands and feet on the floor they moved their pelvis' up and down, holding on the up so that thirty asses covered only by sheer gym wear material were poking up in the air in my direction.
I looked closely at all these asses poking up at me. Tight material clinging up between cracks and thighs made my cock instantly rock hard. I was almost drooling as I stared at not just a few but 30 girls with their asses poking up in the air, the mounds of their pussies visible between their ass cracks and in a handful of cases, camel toes clearly visible as if they weren't wearing anything at all under the skin tight material, getting damp from their heated cracks.
My cock was rock hard as I tried to run and not be so completely blatant perving on this scene before me, but these asses kept going up and down in front of me. When the girls would reverse the position and lower their pelvis' to the floor with their shoulders pushed up, the material of their leotards would wedge tightly into their ass cracks...I realized I had to get away from this window before my perving and consequent hard on became noticed by the entire gym.
I moved over to the exercise bikes and managed to focus my attention on the TV, keeping my mind on my exercise rather than sex for a while. Next I moved into the weights area and benched some weights for a while. Thankfully, the handful of people that were in here were almost all male, so no distractions.
I moved over to the hoist on which I sat facing outwards pulling the bar down behind my shoulders. Facing the hoist was a row machine.
As it was getting near closing time, the gym had emptied out quite a bit. As expected, I saw Diana walk in, in her tight leotard, and make her way over to the mats and gym balls. I watched her ass intently as she walked across the gym floor. It was big and round and she knew it, swinging it proudly as she made her way across the room, in her tight gym shorts. It bought a smile to my face, but what happened next took my breath away.
Nina walked into the room and came straight towards me. For a moment I thought she was coming to talk to me but instead she walked to the rowing machine, which was directly in front of the hoist I was sitting on. Her gym shorts were so tight and small, and her nipples were clearly visible through the material of her top. As she sat down on the rowing machine I attempted to greet her with a smile but she didn't even respond - she just stared straight through me as if she hadn't seen me.
She sat down and put her feet into the pedals, still not acknowledging me despite directly facing me at about two meters distance. Nina then reached forward to grab a hold of the handle to the cord. In order to do so, she spread her knees wide and reached between them. I gasped at the sight. Her tiny shorts pulled tight against her crotch and the bands at the legs rode up right to the very tops of her inner thighs, so that now it was like she was wearing nothing more than bikini bottoms. If that wasn't mind blowing enough in my highly aroused state, the next movement was even more to handle. As she pushed her feet out, straightening her legs and pulling the cord toward her chest, the material of her tiny gym shorts went from being pulled taut across her pussy to being trapped deep in her pussy crack.
She held the position for just a few seconds, before letting her knees bend up and out again, making the material pull tight over her pussy and ride a little higher up her thighs.
She still hadn't acknowledged me sitting straight in front of her and her gaze seemed to stare straight through me. I tried to regain my composure as her thighs opened and closed before me, stretching the tiny piece of material over her pussy.
My cock was rock hard now and standing straight up in the air, turning my shorts, which now felt very small and revealing, into a mini tent. Still her expression remained the same, her gleaming eyes staring through me despite the obviously revealing position we were both now in. I wanted to get up but I knew I couldn't. Nina, Diana, and the few other remaining people in the gym, would all see my massive hard on. I'd be thrown out of the gym in disgrace! So I continued sitting their mesmerized by Nina's pussy, opening and closing before me. As I watched, I noticed her nipples looked harder now. They were pointing out, dark and hard against the material of her gym top.
Her pink gym shorts would wedge deep between her pussy lips now, each time she straightened her legs, and I suddenly realized that a dark patch had begun to form over the material that was getting wedged inside her pussy. Each time she bent her knees and spread her thighs and her gym shorts spread taut I could see the damp circular wet patch on her crotch. And as I watched her legs open and close I could see the wet patch getting bigger and bigger. She must have been aware of what was happening I realized, and enjoying it. Though her expression didn't change I suspected I saw a definite glint in those eyes staring through me.
My arms were burning and painful now as I continued to periodically pull down the hoist, under the pretence that I was still here exercising and not just stuck here because I couldn't stand up due to my raging hard on. I suspected I could feel my own wet patch forming on my shorts where the head of my cock pressed furiously against them.
Finally, Nina leant forward, making the material spread tight against her pussy, the lips clearly outlined and a circular damp patch forming around the slit and continuing who knows how far underneath, then she released the cord. She sat back once more, this time without the pull cord in her hand and the material over her shorts wedged into her pussy making a camel toe again. For the first time, her gaze registered my presence, her eyes focused on my face and the faintest traces of a smile played across her lips. Then her gaze lowered slowly down my body and focused on my massive erection straining against my little shorts. Her tongue flashed across her lips and my faced burn.
With that she stood up and turned her back to me. She bent over to pick up her water bottle and towel, keeping her legs straight so that her ass was presented in full to me. Her shorts had ridden up her ass and were wedged up so that they just barely covered the outside of her pussy lips. They were soaked too. She stayed bent over just a little too long. When she stood back up straight her arms went behind her back and her hands went to her bum. She hooked her fingers under the leg bands of her shorts and pulled them out of the crack of her pussy and ass. Then she spun around without another look at me and walked across the room toward Diana.
I watched her walk over to Diana, who was sitting on a bench lifting small dumbbells. She stopped and said something to Nina, Nina responded and then they both looked in my direction and Diana gave a little laugh. I snapped my head back around to where Nina had been sitting me and struggled to pull the hoist down again.
Next thing I knew Diana was walking up next to me.
"You're keen tonight," she said with a playful smile.
"Huh." I responded guiltily.
"Your really hitting it, we're closing pretty soon."
"Oh," I responded relieved, "Yeah, I better pack it in pretty quick eh."
"No worries, we'll be here another twenty or so, but if you want to have a shower you better get to it hun." Diana responded.
"Cool, cheers." I said, and Diana made her way back over to Nina who was lying on her back on a yoga ball, doing some sort of stretching exercise.
My erection had subsided somewhat, thankfully, but as I watched Diana walk back across the room, her big round ass rolling in her shorts, I felt it firm up again slightly.
'Better get going while the goings good,' I thought.
I stood up, being careful to keep my hands surreptitiously over my cock, which was still pretty big in my little gym shorts. I made my way across the room to the men's change room, being careful not to look in the direction of Nina and Diana who were now the only people left in the gym.
I went into the change room and found it empty. Retrieving my things from my locker, I noted that it was just before 9pm – closing time. Recalling what Diana said about being here another 20 minutes I decided I could use a shower – a cold one - so I whipped off my shoes, shorts and singlet and stepped under the spray.
The water felt good and I closed my eyes. Visions of Nina's wet gym shorts riding up her pussy and ass, kept playing in my mind. Then I'd recall all of those asses in the aerobics class, sticking up in the air. I started to imagine pulling down the shorts on each one of those girls, so that their bare asses would be sticking up in the air, and taking my hard cock and fucking them one by one. I reached down and grabbed my hard cock and started stroking. Now I imagined Nina lying down licking and sucking my balls while I fucked all of those girls. I stroked my cock and could feel a build up.
"What do you think your doing?" I froze!
I turned around still completely naked, with my hard cock in my hand, to see Diana and Nina standing there with their hands on their hips.
"That's against gym policy, you naughty boy!" Diana said in a sultry tone. "What do you think we should do to him Nina?"
Nina remained silent and expressionless, staring straight into my eyes. She walked towards me unflinchingly and without a word, knelt down before me. She grabbed my hard cock and put her mouth around it and began sucking. I moaned as her mouth moved back and forward over my cock – she was going as deep as she could and every now and again she'd gag a little bit as my cock went all the way to the back of her throat, then she'd pull all the way back till my cock came out of her mouth and strings of saliva joined her mouth to my glistening wet cock.
In front of me Diana had started to remove her clothes. She'd taken her runners off and now she was peeling her gym shorts off over her big round ass. She stood there before me for a few seconds wearing just her top and nothing on below. She was unshaven which surprised me a little but she wasn't very hairy - just a bit of dark hair above her well defined pussy lips. Next she whipped off her top then her sports bra.
Completely naked now, she walked over and stood close to me. Getting under the shower spray, she put her head back letting her hair get completely wet, then she put her hands on my shoulders and rubbed them over my upper back tenderly. Her gaze was focused however, on Nina's mouth moving back and forth over my cock. I moaned in agonized ecstasy.
Diana reached down and began rubbing her pussy and moaning, her other hand still moving over my upper back. This continued for a couple of minutes then Nina stopped sucking on my cock. She was still in her gym shorts and boob tube, but was getting sprayed by the water so that the material had become almost transparent and clung to her like a second skin. She stood up and, moving the straps of the top over her shoulders, she pulled the top down revealing her gorgeous breasts.
Next she reached down and peeled the tiny wet shorts from her crotch. They clung to her as she pulled them away and down her pale thighs.
Her skin was pale and entirely unblemished. Her pussy was shaven so she looked like porcelain perfection. She pushed me back a few steps roughly so that she could be in the spray of the shower then she kneeled down, then lay on her back before me, with her knees up and her pussy open and positioned so it was directly in line with the jet of water coming from the shower.
"Eat my fucking pussy," she ordered.
"Ok," I responded dumbly and she answered harshly, "not you, Diana. Eat my pussy Di, like a good little slut." Diana moaned in response and kneeled down.
Diana positioned her head so that it was directly over Nina's pussy, then put her face between Nina's thighs and began licking and slurping. I stared down in awe at the beautiful sight of Nina laying before me naked on her back pulling on the nipple of one of her perfect breasts, while gorgeous Diana licked and slurped with her head between Nina's thighs, naked with her big round ass sticking up in the air.
Next Diana lifted her head and said, "fuck me John. Fuck me hard," then stuck her head back deep between Nina's thighs.
Ever obliging, I kneeled down behind Diana's big round ass. I placed a hand on either side of her ass and pushed my hard cock against her pussy, then I pushed in and Diana moaned deeply. Nina was panting quickly and really pulling hard on her nipple now.
I slammed my hard cock in between Diana's wet pussy lips, as she licked and slurped between Nina's thighs. I slowly drew my cock out, then slammed it hard and fast back in and each time I did, Diana would let out a sob muffled by Nina's wet pussy.
Nina was panting in quick, short, sharp breaths and after a few minutes of my fucking Diana, she began panting "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum! Oh god, don't!" Nina let out a loud moan and grabbing Diana's head, pushed it hard against her pussy and thrusting her hips up in the same motion.
Seeing this was too much for me. "Oh fuck!" I moaned. Diana wriggled away from me and my cock came out of her pussy. She rolled over and sat facing me beside Nina, who was still laying on her back, with her knees up and her legs spread, puffing and panting.
"Cum all over me Johnny," Diana moaned, her fingers furiously rubbing at her clit.
I took my cock in my hand and gave it a few more strokes, then I erupted.
Streams of cum shot from my cock and over Diana's face and her tits, then I pointed it at Nina and it shot all over her belly and open red pussy, running down into the crack of her ass. I couldn't believe how much cum shot in jets all over the naked hotties, laying there with their legs spread before me.
The last jet shot all over Diana's face, just as she began bucking against her fingers, plunging in and out of her pussy and screaming "oh fuck, yes!" She kept spasming and bucking her pussy against her fingers. With her other hand she reached up and rubbed my cum, which was all over her face, into her mouth, then sucked on her fingers.
Spent and with sore knees, I sat back on my ass while the shower sprayed down on me. Diana lay back panting and Nina rolled onto her side and began kissing Diana tenderly on the mouth.
We laid there like that for a few minutes, panting in euphoric bliss, while the water from the shower rained down over us.
Diana was the first to get up. She crawled over to me on her hands and knees and kissed me on the mouth, then said "time to go baby, its way past closing time."
"Ok sweets," I replied and stood up.
I went and grabbed a towel then began quickly drying off.
Diana grabbed another towel and also started drying herself off, though more slowly and thoroughly, taking care to pat down her glorious ass cheeks and her thighs with one foot up on the bench. Nina had stood up and was enjoying the shower, letting the water sluice down all over her perfect body.
"So we'll see you again soon I hope," Diana said to me.
"Well, I've got to keep fit," I responded playfully, as I pulled on my shorts and singlet.
Sitting down to put on my sneakers, I watched appreciatively as one naked beauty toweled off in front of me and another stood with her back to me, water pouring down her body.
"Thanks girls," I said sincerely, picking up my stuff and heading for the door, "hopefully we can work out together again sometime."
"Maybe... if you're lucky," Diana grinned cheekily as she pulled her panties up over her big ass.
I walked out across the gym, which was now dark with the main lights all turned off and I hit the button which opens the doors, outside opening hours. Getting in my car I was grinning from head to toe, thinking about the best work out of my life.
Sly 'n' the Family Stone were playing on the radio. I turned it up loud and gunned the engine, out of the car park and into the empty city streets at speed.