It was Saturday, mow the lawn day, and as an ongoing entertainment, when he started in the back around the pool, the girls would put on their skimpiest bikinis and tease him.
For him it wasn't such a tease as a treat and he thought that if every guy with a mower had four sexy girls to flash them there would be a whole lot more well manicured lawns in the world.
Lana kept a respectful distance from him but liked to join in on the pool tease. "You girls are killing me. It's getting to where I'm walking around with a 24/7 boner."
"Oh listen to poor you," laughed Ginger, "tortured by four beautiful girls every day! Oh the horror. Sounds to me like you're in heaven."
Everyone laughed and Henry got back on the riding mower to finish the lawn and then suggested that, "One of you might want to take a ride with me. It vibrates you know."
"Henry," said Lana, "Isn't that what you drove on our first date?" which cracked up everybody.
It made him feel good that she joked with him. He had made a vow not to push anything with her but only do his job and respond honestly when spoken to. He gave her all the room he could and if that wasn't enough then he'd have to accept it. As Ginger pointed out, he certainly wasn't suffering in the meantime.
He acknowledged to himself, and only himself, a crush on Abigail. God she was unbelievably cute and the fact that he could put his cock between her legs just made it all the sweeter.
Although he would get jarred back to reality quickly enough, Henry successfully compartmentalized the fact that he was managing a whorehouse. It was almost like his psyche had bought into the sorority story he pedaled to the neighbors.
Just good wholesome fun and education!
It was Abigail who texted the fact that she and Lana had switched bedrooms at Lana's request. That bedroom, of course, directly faced Henry's dining room. 'Make of that what you wish,' she added.
While he spent most of his time behind the desk in their greeting room, sometimes late into the night he would see Lana entertaining a client. It was like she wanted him to see her. Henry never said a word about it. He would simply get a chair and watch, her blinds always open.
She left just enough light on to see the shadows interact but it almost always concluded with her taking it doggy style against the window, her hands on the glass. He could hear her loudly cum and knew she was playing to him. The customer would never know or care.
It had become an odd relationship born of continued affection and resistance. The cathouse had become a refuge where Lana could have her own income, making her financially independent. Henry could see that she very much needed that.
In fact, at this point she was making much more than him, having generated a large base of regulars who only wanted her.
***
More frequently, Henry would wake up at 3 or 4 in the morning with Abigail in his bed. He locked the doors every night so his assumption was that she used Lana's key.
Most of the time they came at his request for sex but more and more he would wake up with Abigail snuggling close to him. He usually said nothing because, truth be told, he liked it but one morning approaching dawn, out of curiosity...
"Abby...Abby?"
She slowly opened her eyes. "What, Henry? I'm sorry, did I wake you up? I'll go..."
"No, Abby, don't go. Please stay. I love it when you're here."
"You do?"
"Of course. How many men get a sleepover with a beautiful girl? But I just wanted to ask you why you sleep here sometimes?"
"Because there are nights I can't sleep and then I get restless and it gets worse. I come over here, get close to you and drop right off. I couldn't tell you why exactly but I guess I feel safe next to you."
"Maybe, Abby, it's because this isn't that. You work over there all the time. My house is like Switzerland."
She giggled a little, "Ya, you're probably right. Henry? Can I ask you a personal question?"
"Well you're naked and in my bed so I'd say a personal question is not out of line."
"Why do you keep trying with Lana? She's angry and told us she's never coming back to you."
"Because I didn't appreciate what I had and I'm teaching myself something about relationships and caring for other people. She may never want me again but, right now, that doesn't matter."
"Henry?"
"Yes?"
"Will you hold me?"
"I've got you, Abby." He wrapped her in his arms and they fell back asleep.
***
Later in the morning, Henry set up shop in the greeting room for the start of the day and at the backdoor came an older guy, Ernie, maybe 65 or so, shopping for he and 2 nephews.
"I read on your site you do pool parties and that's how I want to celebrate my retirement, fucking some young hottie by the pool."
Putting on his professional hat, Henry said, "And how many girls did you want?"
"I don't know. Could I see them first?"
"You're in luck since no one's with a customer right now." Henry pushed a button that signaled to the girls to come down for a lineup.
They got into their sexy poses and displayed their assets.
"Wow," said an amazed Ernie, "so much delicious pussy to choose from. Ahhhh, how about I take all of them?"
"For how long?" said a surprised Henry.
"Three hours?"
"That's going to be very expensive, sir."
"I don't care."
"When?"
"Tonight."
Leaning on the first word, "That...would be pretty much impossible since the girls already have other appointments."
"Reschedule all of them. Tell them I'm picking up the tab for their visits and, by the way, I'm inviting you too."
"Oh, no sir I'm just support staff, I couldn't do that."
"You like girls don't you?"
"Sure, but..."
"Oh, c'mon, Henry," said Lana, "join us for some fun."
To say this caught him by surprise was an understatement. "Well, sure, yes I'll come." He looked over at Abigail with that impish OMG grin of hers.
They settled up Ernie's whopping bill and the girls escorted him out the backdoor. Henry went to work on making all the conciliatory calls and while those men were disappointed they suddenly perked up when Henry told them their rescheduled date was free.
Henry finally finished the deed except picking up the alcohol Ernie ordered but there was plenty of time for that. He sat back in his chair and noticed Abigail peeking around the stairwell.
"What, Abby?"
She stepped in the room. "You know what, lover boy," and burst out laughing.
"Weird, right? It's a good thing I'm already half insane."
She came up, put her arm around him and kissed him on the cheek. "Yes, weird...Henry, would you mind if I came and slept with you again tonight?"
He held her hand, "Look, Abby, as far as I'm concerned you're welcome every night."
"I'm just having a hard time sleeping and...."
"Come over whenever you want."
"Henry?"
"What?"
"I lov..."
Putting a finger to her lips he said, "Me too."
***
Later that evening a half hour away from the pool party, Henry had gotten everything set up. Lana came walking past him in the tiniest of g-string and tops imaginable. The only thing with lesser coverage was nothing.
Nervously he babbled, "So, all ready for tonight?"
"Do I look ready?"
"Yes, you look spectacular."
"Thanks, Henry. I'm ready and willing to get fucked just like I've been doing for any cock that comes through the door."
"That's great. You should love what you do for a living."
"Aren't you jealous?"
"A little but I don't really have that luxury."
"You don't mind watching other men fuck me?"
"Alright, I think you're crazy hot but it's complicated. Mainly what I feel right now when I watch you have sex is arousal but for all intents and purposes we're not married so it feels different."
"You watch me in the window."
"You seem to want me to."
"Maybe I do."
"Lana, I will always love you but I respect your need to go your own way."
"That's all you can say?"
"At this point in time, yes."
The other girls started filtering in and, soon after, Ernie and his two nephews came through the back gate. Henry welcomed all of them and, in turn, Ernie introduced his nephews, Josh and Allen. "Nobody in the family knows we're here. The story was we went to the ballgame but this beats the shit out of hot dogs and bad beer."
"Enjoy yourself and, most importantly, enjoy the girls, Candy, Ginger, Abigail and Lana." said Henry.
The nephews were 20 year olds with restless dicks and hormones at the peak of their powers. The girls never ceased tending to the three of them and no more than 15 minutes had passed before Josh was riding Candy on the lawn near the back of the yard.
"Lana, sweetheart," said Ernie, "bring that pretty mouth of yours over here and suck my cock." She came to him as Henry sat next to them. "You like this one, Henry?"
"Yes, sir, she's a beautiful girl."
"You bet your ass she's a beautiful girl. Let's see how she sucks cock." Lana went down on him hard, gagging herself in the process. "Oh she's real good. Take it all the way, girl. Oh ya, I'm gonna fuck this one. Mmmmmmmm"
Henry sat quietly.
"Come on, Henry! Get yourself one of these little honeys. Allen, there, doesn't need two girls, go ahead and pick one."
"Abigail," Henry said softly.
"Abigail," Ernie blustered. "Get your pretty little ass over here and take care of my friend here!"
Moving her hips with a little extra, she walked over smiling and kissed him, their tongues clearly wrapped around one another.
"Whoa, I think she likes you, Henry. Good, now everybody's got some pussy and it's a beautiful night. So, Lana, you might as well stand up and take that skimpy outfit off because you won't be needing them with my dick planted in your cunt."
Henry couldn't help but watch Lana even while Abby sucked him. For some reason, Ernie's crude banter made her seem even more sexy.
One thing everyone could silently agree on, Ernie liked to talk.
Allen was fucking Ginger in the pool and Josh followed suit by dragging Candy in there as well. She leaned back on the side of the pool so her pussy was floating waist high and neatly accessible by Josh's overactive cock and much sooner than he'd hoped, with a huge grunt he let loose and his cum floated to the surface.
"Was that good for you, baby?" said a sexy voiced, Candy, and they hopped out of the pool to lie on a blanket where she patiently stroked him back to life.
By now everyone was completely naked and fucking or getting ready to. Lana rode cowgirl on Ernie reclining on the chaise lounger. "Those tits are fantastic, girl," he said, cupping them in his hands, "and the way you move those hips is heaven."
"Glad I can please you," cooed luscious Lana. "Fuck me hard, daddy!"
Henry had Abby on all fours on the chaise as he pounded away at her slit and slapped her perfect little ass. "Uhn," would pop out of her every time he'd come down on her buttocks with his big hands. Abby looked back at him and asked him to "fuck me in the ass and cum in me."
"Listen to that, Henry," an excited Ernie said to him, "That hottie just made you an offer you better not refuse or I'll fucking do it for you." Bringing his attention back to Lana, "That's what I want from you too, slut. Hop off and get down on all fours 'cause I'm gonna pile drive that fine ass and leave you a little parting gift."
"Ya," she spit out as nasty as she could, "fuck my ass with your big cock, daddy!"
Both he and Henry took a dab of the house supplied lube and punched their cocks into their respective holes. One thing they had to be concerned about was making too much noise so as not to alert the neighbors that an orgy was in process. When Ernie entered her, Lana began to scream but he instinctively covered her mouth with his hand. The sound of her muffled cries got Henry more aroused and he channeled that energy like a lightning rod into Abigail.
She loved the sensation of Henry's balls slapping against her pussy. She looked back over her shoulder at him while she came, oozing her juices over his cock. It was enough to get him to the finish line and he filled her backdoor with cum, "Uhnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn...fuck."
Generally having spent themselves in the opening round, a fuck break was declared while everyone relaxed, recharged and reached for one of Henry's cocktails.
The affair seemed to be going smoothly when, after a half hour of down time, Ernie decided that everyone needed to switch girls. "Variety is the..." and droned on with his alcohol fueled dictum that Candy and Ginger would switch nephews and he and Henry would be trading partners. Naturally this created some immediate tension and Henry and Lana just stared at one another. This was not supposed to happen.
"What's the matter you two?" said a curious Ernie, "Forget how to fuck? Now c'mon there, Henry, you can't go wrong with this girl. Her motor's still humming from when I fucked her!" he said, amusing only himself. "And I," he continued, "will wear this blonde's pussy out. I love blondes!" He pinned Abigail quickly with her legs in the air.
Henry, not knowing what else to do and knowing that Ernie expected action around him, stood up and suggested that Lana lie back on the chaise and let him take care of things.
Thinking he's about to plow her, she spread her legs. Instead he went down and ate her in a way she always wanted but that Henry neglected to ever do when they were together. It was always about Henry's dick being satisfied.
She could feel it welling up inside her, that precursor to the explosion that went everywhere in her body. So lost in the sublime, she took his head in her hands and pulled him further in. He tongue fucked her and licked her clit until near lockjaw set in but he never let up until he felt her spasm and her thighs tighten on his head. "Uhhhhnnnnnn...oh, fuck...ffuuuucccckkk!!!"
Her body went limp, "Oh god, Henry."
Behind him Ginger, thinking she was helping the situation, had put Josh on hold and with a hand on Henry's shoulder, "Hey, I'm here to relieve Lana and I wouldn't mind getting what she just got. Hehe."
Lana, still on her high, crawled reluctantly out of the chair and walked off to service Josh but looking back at Henry.
Henry went to town on Ginger but he found his attention drift to Abigail and found it confusing that he felt a pinch of jealousy that this guy was doing her. That made him repeat in his head that she was a prostitute and did this for a living. There was no room for jealousy in her line of work no matter how much he liked her.
***
That night after the pool party was long over and he'd cleaned everything up he went home. There were late night appointments but those were the responsibility of the girls to administer and collect.
He was having a hard time shaking that unexpected jealousy feeling. So why did he feel just arousal with Lana and jealousy with Abby? Everything was getting assed up and confused and he didn't like it. What the crazy fuck was twisting his brain into a pretzel? 'Please don't tell me,' he said to himself, 'no, no, no. Fuck me.'
A few minutes after shutting the lights off and getting into bed he heard Abigail slide next to him. He loved the feeling of her clinging to him and they both fell asleep peacefully.
In the morning Abby wasn't up and gone like normal, but still snuggling with him and fast asleep. He looked at her and as much as he wanted to get up he didn't want to disturb the curled up little ball in the crook of his arm. He closed his eyes and felt lucky to have her in this place and time. He knew how tentative and unsure life could be and with Abby he felt blessed.
She began sleeping with him every night with no exceptions. She used her own bedroom in the cathouse only for customers. Sometimes she would come over and they would make love and others they would simply kiss and fall into a content coma.
Candy and Ginger had a clear view of what was happening but Lana was slower to understand until she.caught a glimpse of Abigail going between houses a couple of nights in a row. She could see that Henry was changing and not the same head case that she knew. His attentiveness at the pool party had freaked out her sensibilities and her knowledge of the man she'd been married to for ten years.
This particular morning Lana waited for Abigail in the greeting room and as the door opened, Lana asked, "Could we talk for a minute, Abby?"
Having an idea of what she wanted, Abigail let Lana do the work, "Sure, what's up?"
"I've noticed you've been staying at Henry's almost every night."
"Not almost," she clarified, "I stay with him every night. Why do you ask?"
"Is there something going on between you two I should know about?"
Abigail answered truthfully, "I was having problems sleeping and when I stayed with Henry all of that faded away. I sleep like a baby over there."
"Okay...but is there something I should know about?"
"That I like to get sleep?"
"You know what I'm talking about. Are you having feelings for him?"
"Yes, I've always liked Henry since the first time I met him."
"Abigail..."
"So you want to know if I'm in love with him? Honestly, I don't know."
"Are you fucking him?"
"What a silly question, Lana, with the exception of you we all are. Look, I've got to go up and get ready for my eleven o'clock. You can grill me another time."
Henry came over like everyday, precisely at 9:30. He did some minor picking up and vacuumed the carpet. "We can't look sloppy," he would tell the girls. "Guys may be sloppy but they want their whorehouse to be clean as a whistle." Then he'd laugh and say, "I made that up but it's probably true."
He looked over the appointment book and made sure each girl knew what and when. Of course, there were occasional website same day bookings or actual walk-ins and they were divided up with whoever had an opening.
Fetishes and general kinky requests had to be accommodated and assigned to the girl with the most expertise in that area. Henry was very careful about this thinking that if the customer got what he wanted he'd come back for more.
Lana, whose first appointment wasn't until noon, came down to sit with Henry. He encouraged the idle girls to sit in the greeting room with him just in case a walk-in dropped by for a quick fuck.
"So, Henry, I see you've got a new bunk mate."
Someone knocked at the back door and Henry jumped up to get it. "Excuse me."
"Is this Henry's House?" asked the man in the expensive suit. "A friend thought you might be able to help me.
Giving him the once over, Henry invited him in and they went to the greeting room. The man's eyes went straight to Lana, barely wearing lingerie. "Wow," he said.
"How can we help you?"
"Are any of your girls married?"
Henry and Lana looked at each other. "Why, yes, there's one."
"Is she available?"
"Yes she is."
"Could I meet her?"
"Sure, just turn around. Her name is Lana."
He turned to her with a big smile, "Beautiful. Hi, I'm Bob. I get off fucking other men's wives. That's why I asked. He lets you do this?"
"Yes," she said.
"I like it when the husband watches. Do you think he'd do that? I'd pay extra."
"I guarantee he'll watch it" she said assuredly, "and if I know him he'll get his rocks off doing it."
"Fuck, yes, I love it! Where is he?"
"Well," said Henry, "you're looking at him. Hi, I'm Henry."
"Oh fuck," said an excited Bob, "this is too perfect. The best ever. A husband pimping out his whore wife and I get to fuck her. I love it. But here's what could make it even better. The three of us go to her bedroom, you fuck her, leave your spunk in her pussy and then I fuck her and shoot my cum on top of yours. I'll pay double! Yes?"
Henry and Lana looked at each other like they were hanging on to a runaway freight train. Surprisingly, it was Lana who said, "Sure, we can do that."
After Bob paid up, the three of them went back to Lana's room, stripped down and Lana got both of them hard. Bob pulled up a chair and kept jerking it while they performed for him. He reached in to touch her various places on her body so as to stay connected to her while Henry entered her pussy.
"Yes, that's right," said cum hungry Bob, "fuck that bitch wife of yours."
They had no idea that this would involve Bob's constant direction but so it went. "Oh ya, bang her, Henry. I want you to leave a warm cunt full of cum for me. Yes, yes, yes...that's nice. Shit, your wife is one hot bitch. Now go doggy on her...yes, that's right," and he reached in to fondle her tits, "oh, that's beautiful, fuck ya. Grab her hair, Henry, hit her pussy hard...yes, oh fuck that's hot...now c'mon and drop that load so I can mount your married bitch...c'mon, fill her up."
Lana encouraged him to cum and as his eyes rolled back into his head, "Ohhhhoooooo, shit, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuucckkk, fuck, Uhnnnnnnnnnnn," and Lana could feel him deposit a huge load. He pulled out.
"Let me see it back out," said an excited Bob examining her slit, "oh, ya, there it is..." and as soon as he saw the white cum he stuck her with force. "How do you like me in your bitch, Henry? Mmmmmm, this is nice tail."
Lana added fuel to his fetish. "Yes, Bobby, yes, you fuck me better than my husband. My married pussy llooooovvvvveeeeesss your big shaft."
"Keep talking, married bitch, I like it."
"You like pounding me right in front of my husband, Bobby?" she said panting and moaning.
"Hell, yes, I do, I'm coming close, baby! Like the way my cock looks in your wife's hole, Henry? Oh, uuuuhhhhnnnnnnnnn, fuck, I'm cumming in your, bitch, uuuhhhnnnnnnnnnnnnn. Oh shit.....god, that's good." He left his cock in her for a minute or so, catching his breath before slowly backing out. To his delight he watched the double spunk seep out onto the bed until she got up and headed to the bathroom.
Putting his clothes back on he said to Henry, "That was great, your wife has some body, man. Do you think I could come back and do her again?"
"Absolutely, Bobby. That's what she's here for."
"How's Friday?" said the eager return customer.
***
That night in bed, Abigail, with her head on Henry's chest, asked him about the crazy three way they'd only heard about through the walls. "Sounds wild."
"It was wild alright. I think I can cross that off my bucket list. It was nuts."
"I love you..."
"What?"
"I love you, Henry."
He was quiet for what felt to her like a coming rejection but it didn't happen. Instead, he drew her closer to him and pulled the blanket around her shoulders.
They fell asleep again in each other's arms.