"How did I let you talk me into this at 3 A.M.? After all of the times you stood us up down at Darth Vapors I shouldn't want to do you any favors."
"Don't make me feel bad. I really did try to make it whenever I said I would. Things...happened beyond my control."
Monica Leann Gift hid the fact that she was arrested and used by the local Police Force as a retirement present. In compliance she made deals that gave her free reign to do whatever she desired in town. How could she turn such luck down? Her only stipulations would be that if complaints arose she would be arrested. Falsely arrested that is. The Cops all agreed to back her up. Taking her in but releasing her out of sight of others. It was good to be Monica.
"If not for Wade saying you came through for him at the Carwash I'd never consider this."
"You offered to body paint me. I'm naked and you have a boner. I swear I'll let you use that boner after school today."
"You're really going to walk right into school wearing nothing but paint? Ballsy Monica."
"I know right. Believe it or not I'm doing this for the Yearbook. Me and the girls want to make this years yearbook one to remember. We aim to see just how much we can slip by the Editors."
"Reserve me a copy." He chuckles as his airbrush coats her ass in a dark blue denim look.
"Absolutely. The spray tickles."
"Wait until I spray over your clit."
"Can't wait."
"So...only you going airbrushed?"
"Are you willing to paint other girls if I can talk them into it?"
"Someone has to buy the paint. I may be partners in a Vap Shop but we're hardly rich."
"I'll find the money. If not you're going to be one lucky Picasso. I'll have my girls treat you very well in return."
"You sound like a Madame at a whore house."
"Madame Monica does have a ring to it." She giggles.
"That it does. You do the whips and chains stuff?"
"Not yet. I'm game though."
"I meant...are you a Dominatrix?"
"OH!" She ponders for a breath, "I never thought of that. Maybe for fun I might try that. You want me to tie you up and spank you?"
"I wouldn't say no Mistress Monica." He winks up at her as she peers over her shoulder at him.
"Deal then. Let me practice my persona and we can plan something. The next two weeks are kind of hectic. Between actual schoolwork, this yearbook stunt, and the School's Charity Auction. You could always buy me this Saturday."
"With what money? It's sure not from my painting business."
"Guess not." She chuckles, "Have faith in me. I'll pay up BIG TIME."
"Believe it when I see it."
"Ye of lil faith."
"Stop moving if you want these jeans to look real."
"Are you certain the jeans will hide my coochie?"
"It's all about playing with the shadows. Unless anyone looks really close they shouldn't even notice. Lucky for you your pussy looks extremely tight. Camel toe to the rescue."
"You're so sweet. Any thoughts on my shirt? My nipples are always hard. I mean I can cover my chest around certain Teachers and students but these rivets won't stay down."
"Let me do my magic. Just remember a few things...one, don't rub the paint or it will smear. The sealant I'll spray over it will help but it's not invincible. Two, don't get wet ...I know that won't be easy."
"I'm always wet. "
"Exactly my point."
"Spend some time outside to avoid the scent. There's no mistaking the smell of paint."
"I'll figure it out. I won't be in school all day. I'll keep clothes in my locker. All I want is to get pictures with the students wearing only paint and shoes."
"Gonna be hot today. Sweat won't help any."
"I'll deal with it. Trust me I have so many people watching my back I can get away with anything."
"I bet you do. Bend over so I can get inside your butt crack." She starts to reach behind her to pry her cheeks apart until he slaps her hand, "What did I say about rubbing. Don't touch until it dries better. Let me do the touching."
"You go Graffiti Guy." She yelps as a thin spray goes up her anal cavity, "That was really cold."
"Hush up and take it like a slut."
"You really want a dead spray? I mean lay?" She laughs forcing him to shake his head.
"If you want to be ready by first bell shut the hell up."
"I bet Mona Lisa was never treated like this."
A pinky up her asshole made her shut up. Small talk after, she bit her tongue and let him do his job. The actual paintbrush strokes for detail were the most ticklish, especially over her clit. The torture would be worth every penis. After a grueling three hours just on her pants alone she was given a peek. Her eyes bulged at how real the painted on denim jeans looked. Even tiny frays looked real along the ankles.
"Oh my God! Pocket threads even look authentic. This is going to be so freaking awesome."
"Glad you like it. Now to do the shirt. Most colors are not going to mask nipples. School colors are black and white. I would suggest a jersey look but we both know those things are never tight. Can I suggest something to save time?"
"Sure."
"Just wear the jeans and go bottomless. Wear a loose shirt to hide better. We can always do this again and send you topless next time."
Eying the clock on his counter Monica nods in agreement, "I can do that. My girl Kendra is picking me up here. She's my size, well smaller tits. Much smaller." She snickers, "I'll have her bring me a few t-shirt choices."
She paces in front of him as he stretches his legs. She looked sexy as hell in her painted jeans with no shirt or bra on. He was going to have to jerk off after she left. No way around it. Watching her text Kendra at 6: 30 A.M. he was shocked to discover how faithful Monica's friends were to her cause. What student gets up at 6:30 in the morning?
"Done. Kendra's bringing five choices. She is going to love the paint job."
"Speaking of paint jobs." He grins and grips his bulging crotch.
"Aw! I do owe you that much at least." She expresses a flirtatious wince.
"Don't bend too much too soon. Just let me do what I gotta do." He tugs his sweatpants down and fondles his six inch beast. It was so tight the crown was a brilliant purple. She was tempted to help him but he kept her at bay.
"I can give you a quick hand job."
"No. Owe me that and more. Until that paint fully dries lets not go bending and stretching."
"I don't have to bend and stretch unless you're fucking me silly. I can stand and help you."
"Fine. I'll take over when it gets close."
Sensually Monica shuffles close to him and looks up at his eyes. Locked she reaches over and uses both hands to massage his girth. He groaned instantly at her touch.
"Do you like my hands around your cock?" She whispers up at him in a soft voice.
Sighing he nods without a word. Her left hand now coupled his balls while her right found a nice rhythm. Warm hands tenderly kneading his sack Nick trembled.
"Fuck you are gorgeous. I can see why every guy wants you."
"I used to look frumpy. Glasses with my hair in ponytails. Baggy clothing most days. Awhile back I just discovered myself. No turning back now. Guys lust hard over me and I can't get enough of feeding into their desires."
"Perfect motion don't change a thing. I just wanna look into those beautiful eyes and cum in your hands."
"I really am sorry for making you guys wait. I promise you I will do anything you ask of me in a few weeks. ANYTHING." She nibbles her lower lip to express her sincerity.
"Can I ask you a question?"
"Sure."
"I heard a vicious rumor awhile back. Something about a girl getting gangbanged at a bar in the country. Was that you?"
"Think badly of me if I said yes?"
"N-no. Why would you want that?"
"I needed to know what my capabilities were. I was just letting myself develop and evolve."
"D-did you...like it?"
"Your dick is throbbing really hard. Did the thoughts of my getting gangbanged turn you on more?"
"Maybe."
"Tell me." She begs with her eyes.
With a loud sigh he grimaces, "YES."
"There were so many hands all over me. I didn't know how to react."
"H-how many?"
"I don't recall counting. I might have, but if I had to guess 20 guys. So 40 hands."
"Fuck!" He swallows, "Jerk a lil faster."
She complies to his desire adding a bit more pressure to his scrotum, "Guys holding me down. Lips kissing me all over. I had hickies that covered my entire body for over a week."
"H-how many guys fucked you?"
She shyly rubs her chin on her shoulder without answering. Instead she returned to his gaze with a look of yearning.
"All of them fucked you. Didn't they?"
She merely looks up at him with glossy eyes. His mind reeled as his moans escalated. Without a warning he detonates all over her knuckles. Trickles coating her hand on his balls. Eyes forced shut as she strokes him harder until every drop vacated its chamber. Hearing the squishiness of his cum with every caress he finally opens his eyes. She was still looking up at him with so much innocence. She was far from it.
"Would you ever do it again?" He hoarsely expels.
"Kendra's at the door." She looks away waving at her with cum all over her fingers.
He looks over his shoulder at the cute little blond. She had flared eyes knowing well what was going on. A wagging finger toward them led Monica to lift up on her toes to whisper in his ear, "Don't move. Watch this." She then wiggled her way to the door of Darth Vapor's and unlocks it. Gaining entry Kendra finds Monica's fingers palming the girls face. A warm sensual kiss over her lips made Kendra squirm. This had never happened to the young blond before. Girl on girl. After a few minutes Kendra realized her face was wet on both sides. Jaw drooping she winced at Monica's devious act.
"You bitch. Is this his cum on my face?"
Monica points at Nick, "Artistic license. I just forged his signature on the canvas."
Lifting her shirt collar to wipe her face off Kendra chuckled, "You are insane. Be glad I adore you or I'd punch your lights out." After a playful sneer she becomes bubbly looking around Monica at Nick, "Hi. Nice dick."
He had left it out dangling and smirked, "Want your body painted?"
"Love to."
"Oh, she's getting painted before we graduate. Bet on that." Monica laughs then does a 360 allowing Kendra to look over her newly acquired jeans.
"You can't tell it's paint except for the odor. Perfume up."
"Shirts?" Monica greedily snatches them from Kendra's shoulder where they were draped, "Grey t-shirt. What's written on it?" She lifts it up to look it over. It was simple enough it had the word ARMY on it, "Oooo! I have big guns this works for me." Trying it on the tee was snug.
"Remember I don't have monster tits like you do. Shirt's are gonna be tight."
"Perfect. I'm starving. Let's go through a Mickey's for a breakfast burrito."
Out the door they went. Nick was left hanging. Literally.
"What the fuck?"
Before he could put it away Monica came running back in, "Forgot my cell and wallet." In a mad move she bends over and kisses the crown of his dick, "I'll be in touch." Again she was gone.
Grimacing he eyed his beast. It was growing just from the kiss. Stroking it twice he hears the front door open again. This time Kendra barged in bouncing toward him. She reaches out and grabs his dick in her right hand shaking it like she would his hand, "Nice to meet you." Kendra Stewart departed a happy camper.
Nick jerked off three more times. His dick was mighty raw. Who keeps lube in a Vap store?
The high school parking lot...after munchies...
"I can't believe you're actually going to try getting away with this." Ryan Quinones leaned against Kendra's beater with a heater, Monica sitting carefully in the front seat with her feet dangling from an open passenger door.
"I've gotten away with worse."
"True, but not all day long."
"Why are you worried? Doesn't April keep you busy enough without me being a burden?"
"You're jealous? Seriously?"
"I am not jealous. You were the one who wanted to be my so-called Master. Ever since you met April you barely talk to me."
"You know our baby news is weighing on me. Besides we both knew that whole Master slave thing was just for kicks. You always did what you wanted without my say so."
"Yes but I always obeyed you regardless when you wanted me to."
"Why are you even doing this paint thing? That stuff will wear off before lunch. What then? You can't get away running around with no pants on all day long."
"Bet me." She extends her palm as if expecting money.
"I'll put money on her." Kendra leaned over Monica from behind, still sitting at the steering wheel.
"Of course you would." Ryan rolls his eyes, "Just don't get expelled. Your Dad might stand up for you but I'm pretty sure your Mom would strangle you."
"I won't get expelled. Have some faith in my friends here." She looks behind him spotting a new arrival and waves enthusiastically, "Over here Jimmy."
Jimmy Newton wasn't sure of what he was getting into today. Even after suggesting her wear body paint he had no clue she would get it accomplished so quickly. He was about to find out. Yesterday he had a blast taking yearbook pictures of Monica and her friends in secretly risqué poses. He had not counted on Monica's next move so soon. As he approached Ryan he began to sweat. Although Ryan always treated the guy with respect he had heard Monica refer to him as Master in the past. Maybe there was a darker side to Ryan than he pictured.
"H-hey Ryan."
"Jimmy." He nods, "Glad to see you're playing Paparazzi. Crawling out of the shadows is good for you."
"What do you mean?"
"Stepping up to the plate. Getting over your shyness. Proving yourself to the other students."
"Oh! Meaning I'm not being made fun of anymore?"
"I wouldn't go that far. No offense. I'm not making fun, just saying don't expect miracles. People can still be cruel."
"I have Jimmy's back. He's in good hands." Monica stood up finally, bending over to retrieve her bag from between seats. In doing so Jimmy immediately realized her jeans were overly tight. In that second to breath he bulged his eyes.
"B-body paint? You really did it. Whoa! They look so real."
"Can you see my camel toe Jimmy?"
"Y-yeah I still see it." He swallows dryly. "I see pink between the blue. Sorry for staring."
"Don't be sorry Silly." Monica stood up and turned in step to let he and Ryan take in a full view. As they did Ryan's friends Shane and Holden arrived whistling at her. It was then that they caught a whiff of paint.
"They paint the parking lines again?" Holden looks between cars.
"They sure did." Ryan chuckled pointing at Monica's butt crack.
"Ohhhh shit!" Shane busted out laughing and danced in a circle.
Holden merely stared rubbing his chin as Kendra locked up her car and ventured around to join them. Eying Holden she giggled, "Maybe I should get painted. I would love to have Holden drooling over me like that."
Puckering her lower lip Monica realized something, the two would be the perfect pair. Playing matchmaker Monica nudges Kendra forward until she and Holden stood face to face between them. In a brash move Monica takes Holden's hand and makes him palm Kendra's left tit. Her eyes bulged as she stood awestruck. From there Monica continued arranging the two mannequins, applying her right hand to Holden's crotch. Both of them froze in time before shying away.
"The hard parts over. You two kids make a play date. Come on Jimmy let's use up some school funded film."
"Paint smell isn't so bad now." Shane noticed.
Ryan shakes his head, "Until she goes inside. You're out in the fresh air right now."
"I'll spray more perfume." Monica calls out over her shoulder, "Even if Teacher's notice the scent, unless they look really close they won't think twice about it. Let's go guys I need to do this before I get too sweaty and the paint runs." Ohhh they were hoping for that. It was going to be hilarious.
Entering the front turnstile leading inside the school Monica marched right past dozens of students. Jimmy Newton stood back a distance taking pictures as she struck up conversations with guys and girls alike. She intended to prove how oblivious people were. Having instructed Jimmy to capture her at every angle as she blended for interesting interactions not one of them realized she was bottomless. Her acting ability was spot on. A star was born.
At her locker with guys on both sides of her Monica sits her book bag on the floor and bends over as if tying her shoe. Jimmy took three excellent pictures of her bare butt so vividly hidden. A touch of pink revealed itself as her clam tightened up. It would never be noticed by the yearbook editors.
As she bent over her friends Toby and Lindsey stopped to say hi. Toby drooled over Monica's butt while she and Lindsey spoke. Luckily his girlfriend and he had a very open relationship. It was then that Toby noticed the paint smell. Strange behavior leads him to lean over sniffing until he realized the paint job. With a shrill WOOOOHOOOHOOO! Toby bit his knuckle and looked around to see if others had caught on. Not a one. They merely looked at Toby as if he was crazy.
"Damn Gift! This is an all time high even for you." Toby quieted down to let her in that he had discovered her secret. Lindsey followed Toby's concealed point at Monica's pants. The blond immediately bulged her eyes and eased in laughing.
"Oh my God! You're bonkers. I love it." Lindsey giggled.
"Our secret. Let people notice on their own like you did. Oh, and Toby? Don't get too high sniffing my twat."
"How long do those pants stay on?" He smirked.
"We both know I can't keep them on long Handsome. Here! Carry my book bag. Borrowing the BF cutie." Monica pecks Lindsey on the cheek then shuts her locker. Taking a deep breath Monica marches back out into the hallway. After a snuck kiss between lovers Lindsey and Toby parted ways. Toby trailed behind Monica like a lost puppy. Heading toward Morrison's class they saw Principal Janson taking a drink from the water fountain. Hurrying to stand behind him Monica carefully motions Jimmy to take pictures.
As Janson stood erect he turned around directly into Monica. Standing there boldly she faced the man and smiled up at him.
"Hi Principal Janson."
"Good morning Monica. You look nice today."
"GO ARMY." She points at her tits with nipple hard on popping zestfully. Janson admired the shirt without commenting on her nips. Instead he fidgeted having smelled paint mixed with perfume. Shrugging it off he opted for conversation.
"I'll be sure to salute the troops."
"They deserve it. Defending my CUNTry like they do. I might join the Army after I graduate."
"Good for you. Any thoughts on what you might like to be should you enlist?"
"Missile command?" She teases with a straight face, "I like pushing buttons." Her nipples were her buttons if she chose to push them. Her words were meant to make him look at her chest as he mulled over her answer. Janson merely nodded.
"That's a lot of responsibility. Maybe you should start smaller."
"As long as I can wear camouflage I'll be happy." Toby and Jimmy both had to hide their amusement. Jimmy got the photo whispering to himself, "Unreal." Stepping in behind Toby, Ryan, Shane, Holden, and Kendra stood in awe of their friend Monica's insanity. Blown away for a better word. There was still time for bombs to drop.
"I'm quite certain you will blend in no matter where you are. My Father was a Drill Sargent in the Marines. His values have made me the man I am today."
"A strong man. I can tell." She looked with innocence. He merely patted her atop her head as the first bell rang.
"Off to class with you. Learn something."
Stepping around her led Monica to grab a drink as Jimmy snapped more pictures. Keeping their distance she merely found them shaking their heads at her. Devilishly she turned her back to them and twerked for laughs. Guys all around her enjoyed her bouncy butt cheeks. People were slowly catching on. Secrets kept at the encouragement of a finger to her lips. Off to class she went.
Like rats following the Pied Piper they trailed her until they couldn't go any further. Those that had Teacher Dane Morrison's class joined her. Those that didn't bit their knuckles wishing they could go in. Parting ways only Ryan and Toby slipped in to seats around her. Jimmy hesitantly approached Mr. Morrison and enquired if he could take pictures for the yearbook. Dane was happy to comply. Standing at the back of the class out of the way Jimmy stood ready. Strangely none of the students taunted him. Monica Gift might have been the best thing to ever happen to him.
As Morrison began his tutoring he ventured to his blackboard writing down emphasized events in time. With his back turned Monica sucked on her pen to entice her male entourage. After garnering half the classes attention she took that pen from her mouth and spread her legs. Pressing the pen up inside her pussy proved to everyone she wasn't wearing pants. She didn't want to get too messy so she removed the pen and licked her juices from it. Guys went ballistic. Silent drama filled the room. Even those that weren't looking were now catching on to her mischief. It wasn't as if they didn't know her capabilities. How many times in the past had she done dirty little deeds for their pleasure? Enough.
Jimmy took pictures of mostly the class participation. Including Morrison himself. As Dane considered worthy shots for Jimmy he opted to have a student come up and write three things on the blackboard that pertained to the third world war. Monica nominated herself by jumping up and racing to the head of the class. Dane Morrison knew very well her mischief and chuckled. He knew something was up.
Snatching up a piece of chalk Monica stood with her back to the class. Having not seen her butt she hoped that her paint hadn't wore off in her seat. Skin visible would ruin the picture idea. Luckily the blue paint held fast. Guys were loving her concealed bare bottom. She danced in step as if thinking what to write. Looking over at Dane she winked at him. He merely offered a grin. He too was looking at her...sitting forward in his chair he realized she was wearing body paint. His reaction at first was an expression of, "What in the...?" which led to resting back to enjoy the view. God he adored that slut.
Writing on the board Monica scribbled three things, "BIG GUNS. TRENCH WARFARE. PENETRATING ENEMY LINES." The room busted up. Giggling she dropped her chalk on the floor and bent to pick it up. Every guy out there leaned forward to see if they could make out her holes. Her butt pucker barely visible. The pinkness of her pussy sharing a thin line. Enemy lines? Hardly.
Standing up she wiggles her ass and looks to Morrison, "I can write down more."
"Alright. Show us what you've got." He chuckles.
"I've been doing that. Look harder." She sticks her tongue out at him.
Pondering more answers she looks back at Jimmy who was taking pic after pic. Glancing further at her friends Amber and Rosa who could barely contain their amusement Monica finds inspiration. Turning she jots down, "MASTER RACE." She pivots to point at Ryan. He immediately caught on to the Master reference. Her second answer was, "FOREIGN INVADERS." A wag of her pen that had been held between her lips toward the class found more chuckles. It's earlier insertion invading her sweet little pussy. A final answer ended with, "ALLIED FORCES". A swift turn she fans her arms out to let everyone know her love for them, they were all her Allies forced or not. Again the men leaned forward to spy her camel toe. Applause made her bow from side to side. She made certain Dane Morrison saw her bent over from behind for a personal thrill. Hiding a hard on he congratulated her on a job well done.
Skipping to her seat she found praise from Toby as he held his crotch firmly for her to see. She smiled sheepishly and turned in her seat to face Jimmy. The poor man was hiding a massive erection. With a wink toward Amber and Rosa she points at Jimmy without him knowing. Both girls spotted his tented slacks and dropped their jaws. No way did the pudgy nerd have that big of a dick. Amber stared until Jimmy looked her way. He realized her eyes were on his crotch and found a sudden smugness. In his thoughts he pictured Amber naked. She was on his bucket list. His erection grew larger. Even Rosa found herself glued visually to it. Seeing her eyes only made Jimmy's esteem boost.
Opting to leave before the bell Jimmy Newton alias Neutron needed to drop an atomic bomb and it wasn't a turd. Off to the restroom stalls until class was over. Monica knew where to find him. Eyes followed his rapid departure. Strangely Amber and Rosa shared an expression of loss. Monica had already informed both ladies of her deal with Jimmy. They agreed to his terms reluctantly. Maybe not so hesitant now that they had seen his potential. Dammit Nerd.
One class over Monica took time to sit in Morrison's lap once the students had left. Hopping on his erection made him halt her actions.
"Don't smear paint on my pants." He chuckled, "I can see what you're doing here. Having Newton take pictures of you like this. Yearbook?"
"You're so smart Mister Smarty...Pants." She hops on his dick another two times roughly before standing up. No paint had smudged his lap. Sighing with relief he chuckles, "Secret's safe with me. Go on before those pants...make me pant."
"Fuck me soon." She giggled and pranced out the door. He intended to...very soon. Plans were percolating.
Waiting outside in the hall for Monica stood a congregation of girls consisting of Amber, Rosa, Kendra, Sonya, and Tamara. With Kendra lingered Holden who, now that Monica had acquainted them seemed to be interested in an innocently clingy sort of way. So new to both of them Kendra didn't seem to mind. Her bestie the ever so overweight cutie pie Sonya almost jealous that her friend actually liked someone enough to hold hands.
"My adoring fans." Monica wails with her arms outstretched. Her bare lower body garnering their gaze over her charming state of mind. Snapping her fingers to get their attention Monica laughed, "Eyes up here. Thighs down there."
Tamara White shook her head smirking, "So bold. God I love you Gift."
Amber Welch took charge and placed an arm around Monica's shoulder. "Who's your Van Gogh? I wanna kiss his ear." Everyone chuckled at her sense of timing. "I sooo want him...or her...to paint me so I can try doing this."
"Stealing my thunder? No way." Monica pelts Amber on her rather large right breast. After the impact Monica rubbed over Amber's braless nipple making it rise to the occasion, "Sorry my baby."
"She forgives you. Seriously Gift...who did this to you?" Amber persisted. Instead of blurting out Nick she chose to whisper it in her ear. "Ooooo! Smokin'." came the end result.
"Day is young bitches." Monica directs her attention to the other girls. "We need more pictures for the yearbook expose. None of you have taken part yet."
"I'm in." Kendra bubbled up taking Holden's hand on her journey.
"You should be in buddy." Monica reaches out and jabs Holden in the pectoral before pointing at Kendra's lower body, "In that. Go find a hiding spot and hit that girl." Kendra in turn drops her jaw hearing Monica influencing him. Holden merely blushed and chuckled nervously. Whispering in Kendra's ear led the thin blond to clasp a hand over her mouth to hide her shock. Nodding Kendra pulled Holden away and drug him of all places...the Men's restroom. Uncaring who might be inside Kendra barged directly in tugging him behind her. Only one stall was in use. One other boy at the urinal pissing nearly missed his target hearing Kendra giggle. Holden noting the boy apologized. Kendra then leaped into Holden's arms kissing him on the lips, her legs clinging to his hips. Holden nearly fell forward in the moment. Recovering he carried them into an empty stall and nudged the door shut. Their emotions leading to zippers heard going down and yelps out of Kendra as she feels Holden's cock inside her echoed. Only feet were seen behind the next door stall.
During their sex act and the walls shaking under their balance issues, their neighbor groaned. Not out of disrespect but of jerking off. This day couldn't get any more insane.
"YOU IN HERE JIMMY OLSEN? I NEED PICS WITH A DICK OF STEEL." Monica is heard waltzing right into the bathroom. Amber and a curious Sonya tagging along behind her. Hearing Holden swear loudly for the intrusion and Kendra squealing, "Don't stop now." Monica patted the stalls exterior wall, "You heard my sexy biotch Holden. Make that wench your Ho."
Moving in front of the door Amber Welch peeks through the stall doors seal at Jimmy jerking off, "DAMN Jimmy. You really are that big. Holy shit! Who knew."
"A-A-Amber?" Jimmy gasped.
"That's my name...wear it out." She giggled, "Ever measure that boa constrictor James?"
"N-no." He jerked even harder, his face beet red as he saw her eyeball through the crack watching. Normally, he might have shied away but since Monica had been working on his self esteem he attempted to maintain his course. Having one of the girls on his wish list watching with interest only encouraged him.
"I can take eight inches down my throat, no tonsils. I can tell if it's longer than eight. You need to hurry up and cum so you take my picture doing something sexy." Amber prodded him as Monica rubbed her back while standing behind the girl. Encouragement all around was Monica's motto.
"Trying." Jimmy moaned, while jerking with one hand he reaches up to grab his camera resting on a plastic toilet paper holder for safe keeping. Pointing the lens at the door he zoomed in on Amber's eyeball. Snapping a picture of her he groaned, "That was sexy."
"Awwww! He likes my eyes." Amber held a hand to her heart. In need Sonya just had to look for herself. The opposite opening along the doors seal found another intruding eyeball.
"OH MY GOD! HE IS HUGE." Jimmy heard Sonya. Snapping a picture of her eye would be added to his personal portfolio.
"H-hi Sonya." He winced pumping away harder than ever. Sitting his camera aside in order to finish the walls shook under Holden's weight. Kendra was yelping vividly. Worried that his camera might be lost under the vibrations Jimmy finally put the strap around his neck and let the camera dangle to his side.
"Only the beginning of our deal Jimmy Newton." Monica called up.
"I look forward to feeling that cock inside me." Amber nearly choked on her words but tried to keep a straight face. Jimmy Newton was not the tastiest looking guy but she was committed to the deal as part of Monica's Braless Brigade.
"Wait!" Sonya glared at Amber and Monica, "What?"
Monica moves closer to the larger girl and holds her by the arm, "Relax Gorgeous." A soft whisper of the deal to Sonya led the girl to murmur, "Whoaaaa! I want in." Monica hadn't thought about Sonya much, she was one of the girls who followed at a distance. Clutching Sonya's boob she found a bra. Scowling Monica offered a sad expression.
"I don't know Sonya. You're lagging behind the other Brigade members."
The trick worked. Sonya pulled her arms into her large loose shirt and unhooked her bra. Removing it her massive 40D's bounced freely. Nipples poking through the lavender fabric of her shirt. Arms returned to her sleeves she holds the bra out for the girls to see. Monica smiled then motioned with her head what to do with it. Eyes bulging at the thought, Sonya tossed the bra over Jimmy's door. Landing literally over Jimmy's head he wore it proudly. In his final throes of personal ecstasy her scent was all he needed. A gruff snarl followed by a deafening series of grunts Jimmy Newton unloaded. Both Amber and Sonya peeping saw a massive stream of jizz expel and squirt toward them. Again Sonya mumbled, "Whoaaa!" Her favorite form of excitement. Amber on the other hand merely puckered at his firepower.
"He's got potential Gift." Amber nodded her approval.
"Jimmy?" Monica softly coaxed his attention even as Holden and Kendra continued their passion next door.
"Y-yeah?"
"Put your wet fingers up to the cracks in the door."
"Uhhh okay." He hesitantly complied rising from his seat placing cum soaked fingertips to the threshold sides. In what might be described as a disgusting move for two reasons, one the environment, two being Jimmy himself, Amber licked his fingertip. The thrill of her tongue on him was pure electricity. Hearing Amber whisper, "Mmmm minty." made Jimmy tremble heavily. Swallowing dryly he looked over at Sonya peeking through the other side. Recalling his hand to gather droplets from his trickling cock he reached out for Sonya. Behind the girl Monica gently caressed her back for encouragement. As his finger exited the opening before her crossed eyes Sonya smiled at the glossy digit. Eager to be a part of something huge she sucked on his finger. Proud of her Monica increased her backrub. Thirty seconds in Sonya was still sucking that finger. Jimmy was moaning again.
Amber chuckled, "She can't wait for lunch."
Monica pelted Amber's arm for her rude response and offered a stern restriction to further outbursts. Holden and Kendra were outbursts enough as Holden cums hard inside Kendra. Her effortless orgasm joining in made for the perfect symphony.
"Now that's what I'm talking about. Good work people." Monica forces Sonya's feeding to end and pats the door, "Wipe that shit off before you leave fingerprints on the lens. Get out here Romeo."
Jimmy pulled himself together and stepped out of the stall shyly. All three girls smothered him in butterfly kisses. For some reason Jimmy favored Sonya. Monica noticed. Matchmaker at work. Breathing heavily Jimmy went to wash his hands. He noted Sonya watching him with a shy smile through the mirror. Ego was creeping in.
Exiting their own stall Kendra looked abused. Her blond hair a royal mess. Her pants still unzipped. Holden's shirt buttoned wrong only gathered laughter. Skipping class was worth it.
"Let's go people. Jimmy? Follow Amber and get a secret session in out in the hallway. Hold a cock as you lean on a locker without looking obvious. Sonya? Why don't you assist Jimmy with anything he needs." A casual wink toward Jimmy made him very happy indeed.
Monica? She paraded the halls and showed off like a pro. Her later efforts led to pictures in the lunchroom sitting on a table with guys around her. Her legs wide as if awaiting to be eaten out. She was sucking on a banana for effect. If someone looked close enough that pink crease between her jeans was evidence enough.
Furthering her exposures led to gym class. Guys held her hoisted over their heads spread eagle as she shared a thumbs up to Jimmy's camera shot. Again if one were looking with a magnifying glass they might see a finger in her asshole. Keeping a straight face was impossible.
Amber had multiple dicks in her hands during her photo shoot as she prowled the halls stopping at lockers to coax her victims. During a photo outdoors after lunch Amber had her pants off and literally sat on a boys dick riding him innocently as she nibbled at a sandwich. Monica and Tamara stood in the background against a tree as a secondary treat during Amber's ride. Her painted ass shiny in the sunlight. One picture captured Amber lifting her shirt over her tummy rubbing it as if saying, "Yummy sandwich." A mysterious thumbs up in the corner of the camera angle was the lucky boy she was mounting. It was a bright and sunny day. Joyful in every way.
Further shots of students included Rosa wearing a football helmet with a football masking her right tit, flesh directly against the pigskin. Shoulder pads covered bare shoulders. Being topless for the boys made her horny as hell. Her hunger expressed toward Jimmy in mischievous glances. Before the end of the day Jimmy Newton would be rechristened as Jimmy Nuttin'. After a bit of encouragement the boys around Rosa had her pants off too. Posing for Jimmy with a boy kneeling below her licking her clit as she held the football over one tit and her helmet over the other. On both sides of her were two boys in jerseys laughing it up. Amazing how innocent the photos ended up looking once developed. Pushing the limits found Rosa in a jersey, shoulder pads, pants rolled down over her ass and her helmet while hiking the ball. A boy in full gear behind her with his dick inside her drenched pussy. PERFECTION.
Toward 1:30 PM Monica discovered her paint wearing off. Flesh tones were creeping through. Guys were treated to reality little by little. Regardless she dared to prowl the halls until the paint wore beyond any possible hiding the fact that she was nude. Even her butt crack was a wide expression of sweaty tanned skin. Pussy having been wet forever smeared dramatically. Still she persisted. While her own photo shoots were likely done she coached others to continue their missions.
Tamara White took a closeup picture sucking a cock while the boys girth was masked by a paper cup with the bottom hollowed out. It merely looked like a funny pic. After ten minutes the cup produced a drink.
Toby and his girlfriend Lindsey took a picture with his hands up her shirt squeezing her tits, his chin on her shoulder. Awww! So cute. Young love.
Cheerleaders Deedee, Gemma, Kelly, and Trish huddled with pom poms hiding their tits for a cheek to cheek. Kneeling low behind them their boyfriends were licking their assholes. No wonder the eyes of the girls were so full of life. Nothing like tongue and cheek. GOOOO TONGUES.
Nearing the end of the school day Monica chose to step outside and hug the flag pole. Her paint holding up in the front over her legs but most of her ass hanging out beneath smudges of blue. Using it like a stripper pole for kicks she dangled backwards, her hands gripping the pipe. Not truly much of a photo but she was running low on ideas. As she did the students around her panicked suddenly. Sonya next to Jimmy ushered, "PRINCIPAL JANSON'S COMING."
Monica turned her backside away from him as he strolled toward them to avoid him seeing her ass. There was more than enough blue on her legs to conceal her front. Except of course her thighs. Either he would ruin their day or be blind to her mischief. Lungs were silent.
"How goes the yearbook photos?" Janson stepped up before lifting his gaze to the flag waving proudly above. "That Army shirt making you patriotic today Miss Gift?"
"Yes." She maintained her poise.
"Time to bring Ole Glory down. Care to help me?" He reached for the circulation cord unhooking it's support to begin drawing the flag down. Jimmy grew suspicious knowing he had seen the flag still up late at night. Did they take it down every day? Shrugging at his thoughts he took pictures of Monica who flared her eyes at how close Janson was to seeing her paint jobs lack thereof. While Janson's gaze was toward the sky he dropped the clip of the cord to the grass in front of him.
"Could you pick that clip up Monica?"
Monica slyly motions a sweating Jimmy Newton to step behind her at a distance. Crouching down in front of Janson's crotch Jimmy caught a photo that looked as if she might be giving him a BJ. By lifting the clip up in front of him it made it look as if her hand was going for his zipper. Monica lived up to her name. The girl was Gifted. The shot was from the top of her butt crack up so only minimal flesh could be seen.
"I can't believe her." Sonya shivered nervously.
While kneeling in front of him Monica touched herself. Without him even knowing of her fingers dipping amid her slickness she showed Jimmy and Sonya her glossy fingers while raising her shoulders as if expressing guilt.
"Here you go Mister Janson." She moistens the clip. As he accepts it without much in venturing eyes he notices hands wet to the touch.
"Hot out today your palms are sweaty." He continues his mission after rubbing his hand beneath his nose to answer an itch. Her eyes bulge knowing her juices were so close to his nostrils. Both Jimmy and Sonya were awestruck.
"I know. I'm wringing wet." She answered shrinking at her reply trying not to laugh.
"So...how many classes have you missed today?" He doesn't subject her to any glances whatsoever.
"A few. I volunteered to help Jimmy take pictures. I rarely miss class."
"I see. Here's Ole' Glory." The flag reaches his grasp and he unclasps it to gather the material over his shoulder. Placing the clip back into place he turns to look at Monica. "Would the three of you do the honors of folding the flag up and taking it to the office?" He passes it to her which she used to hide her body from him.
"We can do that." She smiles brightly.
"I salute you Private First Class Gift." He raises his hand to physically salute her. She nearly dropped the flag trying to salute back. The Army t-shirt came in handy.
"Don't let that flag touch the ground." He intercepted it quickly until her hold on it was firm. "Speaking of first class...I expect you all back in classes tomorrow."
"Sir! YES SIR." She belts out playfully.
As Janson waves at Jimmy and Sonya he walks back toward the school. Immediately the three of them huddle close laughing. Sonya glancing at the school makes a sudden realization.
"Look."
Monica and Jimmy follow her point to see nearly every window in the school filled with faces. In their final act of the day they had been watched by dozens upon dozens of students. Monica even saw Morrison and Teacher Dennis Holt looking down at her.
"WOW!" Slipped from Monica's lips. As she observed them all salute her as Janson had she gulped at how much they respected her. Grinning evilly Monica needed her finale. "Hold the flag out in front of me Soldiers." She passed it to Sonya and Jimmy to unfold and hold up as if a curtain blocking the view of the students. Behind it she removed her Army t-shirt and tossed it over the flag. Everyone watching knew very well that Monica Gift was totally nude now. In a bold move Monica ran around the curtain and stood firm, titties bouncing at her sudden halt. Saluting them back quickly she hopped into a pivot. Bending over prying her ass cheeks apart she gave them all what they wanted. Hearing Sonya whimper, "Soooo crazy. They love you." led Monica to stand and face them again. Dancing seductively with her hands in her hair she watched her audience busting up. One final move led her to the grass. On her back she lays there masturbating. It was quick. Monica needed a climax.
Cumming hard they watched her spasm in the grass before leaping up and throwing her hands in the air. Hearing cheers she knew her efforts were worth it. Taking a bow she snatches up her t-shirt and races back behind the flag to put it on.
"Are we done?" Jimmy huffs from stress.
"Not until you and Sonya kiss."
Both Jimmy and Sonya bulge their eyes reciting, "WHAT?"
Snatching the flag and holding it to her chest she snaps glances at both of them.
"No guts...no ole' glory." Monica smirks. "Just do it."
Sonya made the first move and stepped closer to the nervous Jimmy. He shook like a leaf staring into Sonya's eyes. The tension lingering needed one final ingredient to spark the flame.
"I SAID KISS."
Monica's demand sent the two into a lip lock. The watchers from the school were cheering even further. Monica Gift had it all covered.
Flag returned to the office folded, smudged a bit in blue paint unfortunately, Monica was smothered by her fans. She wiped paint on her hands and smeared it all over everyone in her path until 60% of her lower body was visibly flesh tone. It took her moody former Master Ryan Quinones to drag her from her flock. An entourage of students masking her escape.
"See? Master is still in control." She giggles hugging Ryan's arm as the group ventured to the parking lot.
"Not your Master. Just your friend."
"If you say so...Master." She catches him off guard with blue paint wiped on the tip of his nose.
"Uggggghhhh!"
At least his mind was off of April.
He was still blue.
So were his balls.
-----------------------------------------
COMING SOON : MONICA 48 : TIGGER HAPPY