Patrick and his wife, Alissa, recently had a wild sexual experience that has totally changed the dynamic of their relationship. They were both madly in love with one another, both were so full of life. Alissa is a stunning brunette who is quite shy and very reserved. Patrick had always been very proud of his sexy bride. Pat would constantly encourage her to dress in revealing clothing so other men would envy what a gorgeous wife he landed.
Alissa, being the loving wife that she was, would reluctantly play along with most of his requests. She would save the really naughty outfits for when they would go out of town. The naive husband would pick out low-cut and skimpy outfits from local and online sex shops for her to wear. Alissa would try to put up a fight but, she would almost always fold to his desires. She never seemed to mind a bit after a fun night of teasing men to death, they would always come home to have amazing sex.
Patrick had always dreamed of having other men see Alissa completely naked. Alissa always refused to flash, that was something the shy wife would always hold firm on. In an effort to satiate his fantasy Pat would show naked pictures of her to his buddies, and even a few guys at work. The look on their faces when they saw her would really get him charged up.
It always seemed like they held back a little, perhaps they were afraid of offending him in some way. Patrick was really interested in hearing the filthy thoughts other men would have about his sweet wife. So Patrick upped the ante once again and began posting her pictures online. It was great at first, Pat loved the raw emotion the guys showed when they commented on his wife's hot body.
The only real problem was he couldn't physically see them react to her, that was what he really desired. Alissa was more than happy to pose for the camera, she really loved having her picture taken, always had. She would make Patrick promise to never show them to anyone, and he would always lovingly agree!
Patrick was a very good photographer, especially with such a hot model to pose for him. Patrick was even taking requests from the many horny men that would email him for more. Alissa was none the wiser, she was under the impression that these racy photos were only going to be seen by her horny husband. Sex after each photo session would be very raw and hot. She really got off on exciting her man to the breaking point. Patrick was always reluctant to showcase his manhood in the photo's. he would only snap action shots if his penis was fully inside his wife's mouth or pussy.
Everything was going great, but the excitement level was beginning to taper off for Patrick. Things between he and Alissa were getting a little icy. She was more and more reluctant to pose for the camera. Their once energetic sexlife was coming to a standstill. Patrick could not understand why, he decided he needed to push the limits once again. He had been mulling it over to find the perfect scenario to show his wife off in a public way. He just needed to loosen her up enough to get her to go along with whatever plan he could come up with.
Patrick finally figured out a way to have the best of both world's. He had been wracking his brain for months to figure out a way to make his ultimate fantasy come true. He really had no clue what the repercussions of his actions could lead to. They were on vacation when a fellow traveler at the resort mentioned a nude beach that was within walking distance.
It had never even occurred to him that there were nude beaches in North Carolina! The chatty guest said that it was mostly older couples and soldiers from a nearby base. He said that it was a relaxing place and hinted that things had gotten pretty wild on a few times he had visited. Patrick's crotch tightened at the image of his sexy wife buck ass naked on the beach, being ogled by a bunch of horny men.
Patrick presented the idea to his lovely wife, she was of course apprehensive. She begged him off more than a few times before finally relenting, having a little liquid courage in her really helped. It was the middle of the week, Patrick somehow convinced his drunken wife that it would probably be a slow day. He also insisted that she could go as far as she felt comfortable.
Patrick's beautiful wife was more interested in fulfilling one of her most vivid fantasies of fucking on the beach! She assumed this might the opportunity to finally achieve that dream. In an instant she imagined a very erotic coupling, one that might end in her finally getting pregnant! With that in mind they packed a cooler full of booze and munchies and made their way down to their next adventure!
As they arrived at the sectioned off beach Patrick was a little frustrated that the place was rather deserted. There were only a few other people around, mostly older couples and some beachcombers. They brought a beach tent as a reprieve for the sun in case they weren't able to find an umbrella or proper shade. Alissa insisted on it, in fact she had intended it as the place where they would fuck later.
She was very excited as they set up the tent. It was finally time for them to strip nude. Looking at the other people at the beach, Pat had no qualms stripping off his board shorts, exposing his full 6 inches to the world. From what they had seen so far he was by far the most attractive man at the beach. Pat showcased his stuff proudly to a stunned Alissa. Pat was not at all concerened by the extra weight he had put on since getting married.
Alissa moved a little more slowly. She stripped her cutoff shorts first, with her thumbs in her tiny bikini bottoms, she bit her bottom lip and pulled them down with trepidation. Patrick's cock lurched at the sight of her naked sex finally exposed. The quivering brunette then pulled off her loose tank top. She was clad now only in her bikini top, her nipples were straining against the soft material in excitement. She looked at Patrick for approval as she fumbled with the string to her top, he then nodded for the go ahead. She pulled the garment from her body throwing it to the ground. It had finally happened his lovely wife was finally exposed for the whole world to see!
For the record, Alissa is 27, 5'9" with mouth watering curves, accented perfectly by her 34D melons. They sat perfectly high on her chest and they were topped off by the most perfect looking gumdrop nipples. Patrick was currently checking out her long lean legs topped off by the most perfect ass he had ever seen. Even after all these years Patrick was still incredibly turned on by his beautiful bride.
Patrick slapped her ass playfully and gave her a big kiss. She reached over and gently stroked his cock. Alissa couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she kissed her husband passionately. Patrick broke the kiss and sat in the sand looking up at his sexy wife. She was obviously excited by their nudity, her nipples were impossibly hard as she took a seat next to her husband in the sun. She looked so damn beautiful as her wavy brunette hair blew in the wind. Patrick decided to pop off a few pictures, he figured his buddies at work would really get hot for these.
They spent the first few hours soaking up the sun and splashing in the surf together. Patrick took advantage as often as he could, he really loved feeling her up in front of people that were walking by. Patrick got his camera out and had his wife model in all sorts of sexy poses, she was loving the attention of the camera lens. She was also loving the attention of all the men that walked past the impromptu photo session.
For the better part of the day the beach was fairly slow. Alissa was about the only woman on the beach under 50, she attracted quite a bit of attention. There were many men that made multiple passes by, their sunglasses did little to conceal their obvious stares. Patrick made sure she was constantly slicked with suntan oil. It really highlighted all of her natural assets. Patrick was thrilled as guys went out of their way to walk past to check her out.
More and more younger men were now coming to check her out, apparently word had gotten out. Patrick started to notice that most of theses young studs were packing bigger, more impressive cocks than he had. Most of the guys were ripped like amateur bodybuilders, it seemed like it was Alissa's turn to check out the scenery.
Patrick mentioned this fact to Alissa, she giggled and said, "Is somebody having second thoughts? I'm having more fun than I expected!" It seemed that Alissa was really getting off on all of the attention.
"No! Not at all, just an observation," he piped up. In an attempt at to show his masculinity Patrick grabbed his wife and started kissing her. Her body was trembling with nerves as they kissed. Her skin felt tight against his grip. His hands were on her ass squeezing gently, he saw a few boys not too far away watching the scene, they were elbowing each other in the ribs pointing in their direction.
They were no doubt jealous, as his hands moved in between her luscious thighs as he fingered her soaking wet pussy. The parade of men was a little disappointing for Patrick, not only was every man coming down the beach better built and better hung, there was certainly a lack of eye candy for him. A few women had passed through, but none of them could even hold a candle to his sexy bride. Patrick was really starting to get a complex as he watched all of these big swinging dicks salivate over his wife. The fantasy was starting to lose its appeal at this point for Patrick.
Sensing her husband's change in attitude Alissa suggested they return to the tent for some 'private time.' She was ready for her husband to make love to her on the beach. As they approached they noticed a very muscular black guy had set up his stuff just a few feet away from their area. The fact also did not escape Patrick that he was easily the most well hung guy on the beach.
He couldn't help but appreciate the strangers incredibly well built body, and of course, his thick uncut cock hanging impossibly long between his legs. Patrick diverted his eyes back to his wife, he really felt uncomfortable checking this guy out. He hoped that the dark sunglasses gave enough cover.
Alissa elbowed Patrick in the ribs and whispered, "Oh my god, look at that guy! He is positively huge!" His pulse quickened at her reaction to this stud and his glorious member. Patrick was really starting to think this whole endeavor was a bad idea. His simply wanted to show off his wife to make every man on the beach jealous of him, he wanted them to lust for Alissa, then he would reap all the benefits! Patrick never expected his innocent wife to be the one lusting. She was obviously checking out their new neighbor, as she smiled in approval.
****
Chapter 2:
As we approached the hulking black man, I found my voice and nervously stated, "Uh... excuse me, would you mind moving... to another area, please...? We were here first... We were wanting a little privacy..." The young man looked at me and laughed at my suggestion replying, "Hey man, this is a public beach. If you two want to move, that's cool, but I ain't going nowhere."
The thought crossed Patrick's mind to pack up and leave, but Alissa looked really happy at the moment.
As we stood before him, he was intensely checking out my beautiful Alissa. She was in turn staring intently at his huge black cock. She even raised her sunglasses, placing them on her head. She wasn't even trying to be sneaky about it any longer.
Patrick definitely heard Alissa let out a small sigh, apparently she really enjoyed what she was looking at.
Annoyed I reached for the cooler and said, "Alissa, let's get out of here." Alissa gave me a disapproving look and replied, "It's ok sweetie, there is no reason for us to leave." I was completely shocked! Alissa managed to break her stare-down with the black man's impressive package and was now staring into her new friends eyes, returning his wide smile. He gave her a sly wink that did not go unnoticed by me.
I was about to say something back when the guy said, "That's what I'm sayin, I'm Sgt. Augustus Jackson. Most people call me Auger. And you are?" He held his hand out to for me to accept. I reluctantly reached out to accept his gesture of goodwill. Auger had an iron grip, I was sure if he had squeezed a bit harder every bone in my hand would have shattered.
With a wince I replied, "Patrick... Pat, this is my... friend Alissa." The black man turned to Alissa and put his huge arm around her shoulders as she sat down on a towel next to his. I couldn't believe I accidentally said friend, instead of wife. In my defense I was feeling quite frazzled around the intimidating man. I was hoping he knew what I meant, or maybe he didn't hear me at all. He never did break eye contact with my wife as I spoke.
"Friends, huh? So that means this fine lady is available! I just can't believe you could resist this fine woman! How do you two know each other?"
"Uhhh... We worked together a long time ago, I guess you could say I'm Pat's 'Fag Hag'! He's just like one of the girls!" Alissa seemed to be caught off guard a little, but she smiled brightly as she spoke to the huge black man.
I was dumbfounded as to why Alissa did not correct me, I was particularly devastated that she embellished the lie further!
"Oh, I see, I thought for a minute you two were married, but I guess this makes more sense."
Auger's giant black hand was hovering a few mere inches away from my wife's goose bump covered tit. Shockingly he went in and gave my wife a soulful kiss on the lips. A small string of spit connected their mouths as he pulled away. I swore that I saw my wife slightly lean forward as he pulled away. With his face very close to hers he said, "Alissa, darling, you are one fine lady." Alissa blushed from head to toe at the compliment and coyly thanked him. It was easy for us both to see her body react in a rash of goosebumps from the hot kiss.
"Sorry for being so forward, it just seemed like you needed some hetero-sexual male attention. That won't scare you off, will it? I would really like if you stuck around so we could get to know each other. I just got back from the desert and I have been looking forward to a moment like this for a long time!"
"No, not at all. It was quite nice..." Alissa coyly bit her bottom lip as she stared up at me.
"I'm happy that you weren't offended. I guess I have to figure out how to operate in the civilian world again. In my line of work I don't make a habit of taking chances, but that all went out the window when I saw you!"
I was a little shaken at the sight of my wife kissing another man, but I found it very thrilling at the same time. It was never my intention to let things get too out of control. I thought that I could still control the situation, I would just have to be careful. I trusted my wife completely, I knew she would never let things get too out of hand.
I piped up, "Hey, I don't mind either..." Before I could finish, Auger interrupted me.
"Sorry to tell you bro, but this is for the ladies only." Auger pointed down towards his cock. "I don't care what you do in the privacy of your bedroom, but I don't play that way!"
I laughed nervously, "Well too bad for me, I guess!" I went off to find a towel to sit on, I found one in the bottom of our beach bag. I returned to my wife and started laying it out next to her. I sat down leaving my wife in between myself and Auger.
"So have you been here before? What do you think?" He asked while making himself comfortable. Auger moved to get a little closer to Alissa, in order to make conversation with us. Alissa laid down on her back, propping her upper body up with her arms. Her tits looked fantastic in this position. Auger could not keep his eye's off of them. "Its my first time," she replied, "Is it that obvious?"
"Well, I have been here a few times," he said. "I would remember a beauty like you. And from the way you're both eye fucking my cock, I had a feeling you were first timers."
"I'm sorry" Alissa stammered, "I wasn't...." Alissa trailed off as she took a deep breath.
"Hey, its cool, its not like I haven't stopped checking you out either!" He replied arrogantly "I don't mind you staring. Everyone is here for the same reason! I like to be checked out as much as I like checking out!"
His relaxed attitude was putting us at ease. Alissa and I chuckled at his comment, what he said was most definitely true, that was exactly why we were here. My level of jealousy began to wane due to his open and honest assessment. It was nice to be reassured that this was just looking and no touching.
My mind began to swirl with excitement again, I found it very hot that my wife had caught this studs attention so greatly. My ultimate fantasy had come true, seeing my wife completely nude with such a well hung stud. My mind wandered back to that first kiss, I wanted that image to stick with me for a long time to come. It seemed like my plan was working out pretty good. I was now slapping himself on the back for a job well done.
The three of us were all getting rather comfortable with each other. We cracked open a few beers and chatted on for a bit. Alissa and I still had a pretty good buzz, we had been drinking for the better part of the day. Alissa seemed antsy, she kept touching herself, rubbing her neck and rubbing her hands down her sides. She even began to apply more oil to her tits as the sun sat high in the sky. All of my initial reservations were now gone, Auger was a very personable and entertaining guy. I hadn't met too many black people, there just weren't any that lived around us. It was very interesting to hear about all of his escapades.
Auger revealed that he didn't live too far away from our hometown. He and Alissa traded numbers, he told her that he would love to take her out on a real date when he got back home in a few weeks. Alissa obliged the young man, I was a little miffed that she gave him her number, as he could call whenever he liked. It would have been better for Alissa to just keep his number, so she could toss it out later. I wasn't really in any position to object as our new friend was under the impression that I was gay.
Despite that we were having a great time. I even managed to take a few pictures of the three of us partying. I got more than a few shots of Alissa and Auger together. Alissa even took a few shots of me and the big black man as we tossed a football around on the beach. In one picture the young black man had his arm on my shoulder as he towered above me.
We were all comfortable being completely naked around each other. It seemed like he would take any opportunity possible to touch and grab at my wife. I was pretty sure he got a big handful of her ample titty as they frolecked in the water wrestling over the loose ball. When they walked back towards me sitting on my towel I took a few shots of them emerging from the surf. This time Auger wrapped his huge arm around my wife's waist, his hand did not appear on the other side, I was sure he was resting it on her pert ass.
I snapped the perfect picture as he bent her over placing yet another hot kiss on her mouth. Alissa never attempted to push him away. I saw her give into the big man. Though the zoom lens I could easily see their tongues flicking wildly. Auger's free hand groped and squeezed Alissa's beautiful tit. I clicked away capturing the moment Auger slapped her ass and ran away, the look of shock on my wife's face was priceless.
Auger was back beside me, he was digging for something in his pants pocket. As my wife approached I could see that she was enjoying the view of his tight ass as he searched. The length of his cock could be seen between his legs, it was starting to plump up, gently bobbing as he moved. Alissa now had her hand over her crotch, she was lightly touching her sex as she watched Auger work.
Auger turned around and he was holding a few joints. "You smoke?" Auger asked, breaking the obvious sexual tension in the air. Alissa whipped her hand away from her pussy, she was flustered and replied "Definitely!"
That simply was not true, she told me that she had experimented with it in college, but from the sounds of it she just puffed on it. I had smoked a few times, but I did not find it at all enjoyable.
Auger stood in front of us and fired up the joint. He puffed the thick smoke deep into his lungs, followed by a slight cough. Auger dropped to his knees between Alissa and me. He deeply inhaled another hit and reached out to hand it to me. At the same time I saw him place his other hand on the inside of my wife's thigh. I didn't really react as I attempted to drag off the joint. Auger encouraged me to take more, I sucked the thick smoke into my lungs even deeper. This caused me to bend over in a massive coughing fit, Auger was able to recover the joint from my upturned hand. When I finally recovered enough I saw that Alissa was now smoking the joint quite happily. It looked like she knew what she was doing, she barely coughed at all as I watched the thick smoke stream from her pretty red lips.
During my coughing fit Auger had apparently moved in closer to my wife. Auger now had his arm around Alissa's trim waist. I leaned back to see his hand kneading the firmness of her ass. I also noticed that Alissa's own hand was now only inches away from Auger's massive appendage. She was staring it down licking her lips in approval. I had to nudged her to break her out of her trance. She shot me a guilty looking expression.
I tried to smile back at her to let her know everything was OK, but it felt like the muscles in my face would not respond to my order. Taking one more hit of the joint she then handed it back to Auger. He took a drag and gave it to me for another round of violent coughing and hacking. Alissa was able to grab the joint from me to once again smoke. Auger took it once more and tried to hand it back to me. I begged him off because I was completely wasted! I was so stoned that I could hardly communicate, I could only watch as Alissa and Auger carried on in conversation. They would both look at me and giggle. I was starting to really regret most of my decisions of the day.
He had his hand on her thigh as they spoke to one another. I guess I was a little too close and Auger accidentally elbowed me, I was so loose that I simply rolled away. I was trying to gather my thoughts, everything was just so fucked up at the moment. For some strange reason I decided to leave them and go down to the shoreline to collect my thoughts.
Auger and Alissa hollered at me, but I did not respond. I stood at the edge of the surf staring out into the distance. The waves were just so hypnotic, I have no idea how long I stood there. I was starting to feel a little better so I started to head back towards our area. When I got to our spot I saw that Alissa and Auger were gone!
I went into full panic mode as I searched the area. Then I started to try to separate fact from fiction, I was so high that I couldn't remember all the details leading up to this moment. For a second I was convinced that Alissa hadn't even been with me here, that was until I found all of her stuff. I decided to go searching for them.
I was stumbling around on the beach asking strangers if they had seen my wife. Most of them looked at me wild eyed, I guess I did look pretty fucked up. I finally spotted two people walking down the beach hand in hand. It was a large black man and a beautiful white woman. I tried to run after them but I kept tripping over my own feet. I decided that slow and steady was the way to track them down. I got distracted by something and when I turned to find them they were gone. I continued on, hoping I could pick up the trail again.
I finally found them, they were playing around in the water. Every once in awhile Auger would pull my wife in close for a passionate kiss. My wife looked like she was loving all of the attention. I saw her pawing at his massive chest, she even tugged at his thickening cock a few times. The pair looked quite comfortable with one another, Alissa would kiss and peck at Auger's massive chest, and the black man would take just about any opportunity to squeeze and grope her marvelous tits!
At one point Auger was holding my wife in front of him. His massive arms surrounding her. He was kissing and nuzzling her neck. I watched as his swift fingers made their way between her legs. He was obviously fingering her right in public view. My wife reached back and began to stroke his massive organ. Her hand looked so tiny compared to his massive tool.
I sat watching them, never making my appearance known to them. Alissa finally spotted me, she immediately broke off the embrace with Auger and ran towards me. I watched as the big black man stared off in disappointment as she left. His huge banana cock left bobbing in the breeze.
"Hey honey, happy you found us. We tried to get your attention earlier to tell you we were going for a walk, but you never responded. Auger found this great little place up on the beach head, said he goes there all the time! I thought we could check it out!" Alissa grabbed my hand pulling me to my feet. Auger helped balance me as we made our way to the log built lean-to. The place was crudely built, it did have a roof and 3 walls.
There was a bench at the back of it and I took a seat leaning my head up against the wall. Auger pulled out a blanket that was stored in a chest and unfolded it. He and Alissa sat together out in the sun, she was very close to him as he put his arm around her back. They were talking back and forth, but I couldn't make out a word. I was sure that his hand was between Alissa's thighs, and I was damn sure that she continued jerking his very stiff cock.
Auger stretched out on his side on the edge of the blanket and started to tell us about some more of his crazy stories. He pulled out another joint that he and Alissa enjoyed. I did not partake, it felt like I might lose consciousness at any minute. He was still lightly caressing her back as he spoke. I saw Alissa's hand resting on his thigh, she was laughing at one of his dumb jokes and just never moved her hand.
She was definitely getting more bold in front of me now. I was in and out of my dream world, but at one point I woke up to see that Alissa had repositioned herself on the blanket. She was laying on her back trying to get more sun on her body, she looked like she had been freshly oiled.
Alissa's head was now closer than ever to his huge dark tool. She was still rubbing his leg, mostly down on his calf. She positioned herself on her side so she could make eye contact with Auger as he spoke. Her inhibitions were definitely lowered, no doubt by all of the weed she had smoked. I watched as she stared at his plump cock with a look of pure lust on her pretty face.
Now that I was starting to come down a little, her interest in his cock excited me rather than repulsed me. I was really beginning to enjoy her obvious interest in his big black dick. I could tell that he was definitely interested in her as well. I saw that his big cock had started to grow hard. Before our eyes it twitched and grew until it was impossibly long, the foreskin peeled back to reveal the tip of his fat purple cock head.
"Hey man, I haven't had that many opportunities lately, and the way this slut is looking at me, I can't help it. I hope you don't mind, " Auger said over his shoulder.
I just nodded my head in approval, words were not coming to me very easily. I couldn't believe how huge his cock was and as it bobbed in the air, I watched as the weight of it let it fall back onto his rock hard abs, the tip went a few inches past his outie belly button. In my fucked up brain I estimated that his cock was at least 9 - 10 inches long, and as fat as a large cucumber. This cucumber was not green, rather it was dark black and it was covered in thick pulsing veins.
Auger reached down and stroked himself a few times. Even with his huge bear paw of a hand, he could not completely encompass its girth. The image of that huge cock fucking Alissa flashed in my brain, my own cock responded to the erotic image and began to rise. At least I thought it did. I reached down to stroke it and found that it was uselessly soft.
Noticing me playing with myself, he chuckled and said "HAHA, I guess you don't mind afterall. I think we both know how she feels about it!" He began to slowly jerk off right in Alissa's face. Her blood shot eyes were transfixed as he pumped it in her face.
"You like this fat cock, don't you slut?" Looking like she was hypnotized, Alissa moaned and nodded, replying, "OH MY, YES! It is so big and so BLACK!"
"FUCK YEAH it is. I bet you'd like to see what its like to have in your mouth, wouldn't you? You been trying to cop a cheap feel on it all day, now here's your chance!" he taunted her.
Alissa had a glancing second thought for a moment, saying "Oh I just don't know about that. I'm still married..."
Auger continued to stroke his fat meat in her face. I could see a steady stream of fluid oozing out of the tip of his cock. It was quite generous as it flowed heavily he rubbed it onto his shaft until the entire thing was shining with it. The slick fluid made his cock look so much more intimidating. Every ridge and vein popped as his cock filled out to capacity. The sheen of his precum made for the perfect highlighter to all of his special attributes.
"Well, he ain't here now, is he? I bet he doesn't have equipment like this...does he? Plus you told me you were separated, what is stopping you?"
Auger swirled his finger on the tip coating his finger in the concoction he held out his finger for my wife and said, "Taste it, Alissa. You know you want to taste my cum. These big balls have been pumping at the sight of you all day long!"
My wife hesitated momentarily, she looked back at me pumping my slowly stiffening pud. All of the sudden Auger reached out and started rubbing his slick finger on her lips. She was still looking at as her forced her to taste his cum. She closed her eyes as if in a dream, I watched as Alissa's tongue quickly poked out lap it all up.
He turned to me once again, he had a big toothy grin on his face. He said "Hey bro, this woman can't get enough my big black dick, I can see you're getting off looking at it too!" Alissa was still hungrily lapping at his fingers as Auger gave her more.
I wanted to say no but, my brain and my stiffy said otherwise. I meekly said, "It sure does look that way," with a dumb grin on my face.
He reached out to play with Alissa's perfect tits, rubbing them rather harshly.
"Its on baby, I think Patrick wants to watch. Let's show this guy how a man and woman fuck! Give it a lick, get a taste straight from the source!" Auger reached behind my wife's head and began to nudge her towards his pulsing unit.
Alissa made little or no effort to resist, letting him rub his cock all over her face and mouth. She looked over at me in desperation. It was something that I had never seen before, she looked terrified, but all at the same time hungry for sexual release. She was showing all of her typical signs of sexual arousal. Her hand was busy in between her thighs trying to satisfy her sex starved cunt. My mind just wasn't coherent enough to act as a husband should. The sight of my now fully hard cock was indication enough, she accepted that as a green light.
"Suck it!" Auger demanded he was now pressing the swollen tip of his black shaft against Alissa's pouty lips. Her big blue eyes locked with mine, she pursed her lips, kissing it submissively. He had definitely won her over, her devotion to me was no longer an issue. Alissa slobbered the tip and shaft of his powerful weapon with big wet kisses. Both of her hands now gripped him as she continued worshipping it. My wife opened her mouth as wide as she could and struggled to take him deep into her throat. I had the perfect view as Auger had his hand on top of her head encouraging her to take him further. The black man's cock was going deeper and deeper into her face, the sounds of my wife gagging filled the air.
To my knowledge this was definitely the roughest blow job she had ever given. Auger finally let go of her head, allowing my wife an opportunity to catch her breath. Auger rolled onto his back and pulled Alissa to him, he swung her around so that her perfect little tight pussy was now hovering above his mouth. I was stroking my cock steadily as I watched the big black man poke his long pink tongue into her sex.
My wife squeezed the black man's head as he gave her what had to be unbelievable pleasure. Her guttural moans were quite loud, especially considering she had about 8 inches of thick sausage crammed down her windpipe. Auger was shaking his head back and forth as he ate her. I could see my wife's puckered asshole quiver as she exploded deep into orgasm. It must have been quite intense as I watched her choke down another inch or so of black cock. My wife pushed hard against his face, pulling her mouth from his wet cock, screaming in orgasm. She was shaking so hard that he had to grip her sides to keep her in proper position.
My wife released his head and I had a great view of her dripping cunt. She was much too sensitive down there and kept jerking away from Auger as he persisted on sticking his long fat tongue deep inside of her quivering sex. My wife's juices covered Auger's face, it was dripping down his nose and chin. He managed to get her off in about 45 seconds, it would have otherwise taken me ten or fifteen minutes of constant licking to achieve similar results. I had never seen her produce as much fluid as she just did for Auger.
Alissa couldn't stand the constant teasing of Auger's thick fingers and invading tongue. She finally wiggled enough to break free of his clutches. She never broke stride as she worshipped his unit with her mouth. She was now at his side licking, slurping, and fisting his cock. I had to appreciate the perfect silhouette of my wife on all fours sucking away. Her large tits hung down low, her hard nipples were grazing the soft material of the fabric below. It was a very erotic sight that probably would have made me cum under normal circumstances. I looked down at my cock, it had once again gone completely soft. I jerked away hoping to wake it from its deep slumber. Auger and I made eye contact, he definitely noticed my predicament.
He pulled her face down to his cock and ordered her, "Lick that cock. Show this gay boy how much you love my hard dark meat." Alissa lowered her face and began to eagerly lick up and down his shiny black shaft. I sat there in complete shock as I watched my innocent young bride slide her lips along his huge black dick. I should have been humiliated, but the scene before was just too fucking intense. All I felt was raw lust as I watched my beautiful wife worship this God of Sex.
Alissa was completely focused, whimpering and moaning as she worked on her dark friends cock. Auger seemed satisfied with her work and grunted in approval. My young wife pursed her lips around his shaft once again. Then she slid them back and forth along the underside of his shaft, the whole time she was poking her tongue out bathing it in her saliva. She moved up and down going from the wide stalk at the bottom, up to the swollen tip. The black man continued to ooze a steady stream of precum to help lubricate his shaft.
After a while Alissa needed a rest, she stared for a moment at the huge black cock throbbing before her. I could see a sly smile form at the edges of her mouth. Auger grabbed her and started to make out with her heavily. Each of their tongues could be seen entering the other's mouth as she continued working his shaft with her fist. My wife worked her hands down to his very impressive balls. They were being held tight in his sack that was up very close against his tool. Her ministrations loosed them enough as she handled what appeared to be a sack the size of a medium sized orange. She would gently squeeze and release the huge balls contained within.
"You are loving that black dick, aren't you?" Auger asked pulling away from my wife's lips. He lovingly reached up to stroke her wavy brown locks. Auger and my wife continued making heavy eye contact as he spoke.
Alissa nodded eagerly and pushed forward putting her lips on his. Her hand looked tiny as she wrapped it around his thick shaft once again, she gently pumped it while sucking on the fat purple tip. Auger was already playing with her large tits, then moving on to once again finger her tight honey hole. She was squirming uncontrollably as he pumped one single thick digit in her bald little pussy. I estimated that his singular finger was about the same thickness of my own package. Alissa was once again really getting off on the attention.
I moved down to the ground so I could get a better view. I noticed that he was attempting to force another finger inside my wife. She was incredibly tight for him, even as hot and wet she was for the attention. I grabbed my wife's tit and started playing with it as she and Auger kissed, they were moaning into each other's mouths. I took my other hand placing it on her ass and started squeezing and pulling at her flesh. She was definitely getting off on the extra attention. She never really paid much mind to me, she was much too concerned at the pleasure her stud was coaxing from her. My face was now above my prone wife, I couldn't see his hand working any longer but I could hear the moist sound of his fingers sliding into her twat.
Alissa broke the kiss and started trailing down towards his cock once again. I was amazed at the stamina this guy possessed. If I had gotten half of this attention I would have came minutes ago! Alissa finally reached her goal as she took the big black man's cock into her mouth once again. She was lovingly sucking his cock, it looked like she was doing it for her own pleasure.
Alissa continued to suck on the swollen tip and first few inches of his enormous cock, her lips sliding down the dark shaft while her hand pumped on the base. Auger fingered her tight young pussy while making increasingly lewd comments to her
"Suck that big black dick, bitch. Oh man, this bitch can sure suck cock. You were born for this cock, a natural talent," he exclaimed.
Auger looked at me, "Look at that slut, she loves it! I bet you wish it was you with a mouthful of my cock!" I smiled down at my wife as she completely gave herself to him.
As I looked at Alissa, instead of my shy innocent bride I saw a hungry cocksucker worshipping a huge black cock. With the help of some potent weed, Auger had taken advantage of my desire to exhibit my shy wife, seducing her right before my eyes. I continued to rub my wife's back and titties as she pleasured Auger. I was saying sweet things to her, professing my love to her and telling her how sexy she looked. Auger must have thought I was insane, but he never really acknowledged me, he was too caught up in the pleasure.
"So good, yeah suck it bitch" Auger groaned. "Oh man, she's doing me right. Shit, she's good. Grab my dick man, I want you to help me fuck her mouth. Go on, do it, jerk my cock as I fuck her mouth, might as well give you a thrill!" Auger was looking me directly in the eye as he made his request.
I couldn't believe I was even thinking about it, he looked very intimidating. I certainly did not want to anger our young friend, I was positive he could snap me in two if he wanted to. With a slight nod I was grasping the remaining inches of his cock that were not lodged in my wife's throat. His request shocked me but it just felt so natural to help him completely debase my wife. I grabbed the thick root and began to jerk him off into Alissa's mouth. His cock felt silky smooth but it was hard as steel inside, I could actually feel it throbbing in my hand. Now I could really appreciate what Alissa was going through, it felt so powerful holding his unit.
Alissa pulled back for a moment and stared into my eyes with sex crazed excitement, watching me as I continued jerking Auger's throbbing black dick. She leaned in to give me a kiss, I could taste what I assumed was remnants of his generous precum. Her tongue was buried in my mouth kissing me sloppily. She finally relented and returned her mouth to his cock, while I held it steady for her. She clasped her lips around the fat purple tip, eagerly licking and suckling at it. She continued to stare into my eyes with a look of wanton sexual desperation. I furrowed my brow and just kept stroking that thick snake into her mouth.
Alissa started really sucking him off taking him deeper and deeper into her throat. It was making it difficult for me to continue to help jerk him. She placed her own hand on his shaft and I was struck by the image of our left hands adorned with our wedding rings jerking off a complete stranger. My mind flashed back to that beautiful fall day when I placed that ring on her finger in front of all of our friends and family. At the time I would have never imagined a scenario such as this ever occurring.
A wave of panic washed over me, did Auger notice my ring? Was it possible that he knew we had been lying to him? I begrudgingly let go of his powerful cock in fear, and I was left to my own devices. I wanted to scream for them to stop, but the sight of her obvious enjoyment stopped me. I went back to comforting my wife's body, but she was really paying no mind to me. She was just so intent on making Auger fill her mouth full of his seed. I didn't want his cock anywhere near my personal playground. I decided that I needed to fuck her while her mouth was full of superior African cock. It was my sick attempt to show my dominance over Alissa.
I made my way around my wife and lined up my hard cock to her hole. I thrust forward a few times hoping to feel the silky smooth wetness of her cunt. Instead my little pecker remained outside of her. I rubbed my hand on her soaking wet sex as lube to get my hardon back. This was a move I had made many times before. As I stroked my dick I realized that I was still could not get hard. My boner kept coming and going as it pleased. I really needed it to respond at this moment, yet there was nothing from little "Petey."
My wife was pushing against my groin wantonly, she was begging me to fuck her and I was just not up to the task.
"Put it in me Pat! Fuck me! I need you in me!" Alissa was wiggling her little ass at me, I was doing everything I could think of to get inside my very horny wife. There was nothing I could do, my dick was barely hard, so I pinched it as hard as I could to keep some blood in it and I carefully lined it up with her sex. I was able to penetrate her slightly.
"Fuck me Pat, FUCK ME! I need you in me! Please put it in me!" I could feel her over excited sex drench my hand and penis, but apparently she could not feel me at all. With this in mind I just sat back on my knees watching my wife as she continued pleasuring Auger.
"Fuck her Pat, that pussy seems good enough to make you straight!" Auger bellowed out in laughter watching my pitiful attempt to fuck my wife.
"Pat are you going to fuck me, or do I have to ride this big fat cock!"
"I'm sorry, sweetie..." I sadly replied.
My wife groaned in frustration, she was a woman in heat. She looked up at Auger lustfully.
"I know this will do the job that THIS faggot can't! Fuck me with this big black cock RIGHT NOW, I just can't handle one more second!" My wife was gasping as she began to shimmy up Auger's black body.
"Yeah baby, you can get this, you deserve it after all the work you just put in! Now it's time for me to check out that tight little pussy of yours. Lay back and spread em honey, it's time you got some proper dick!" Auger laughed while scooping up my wife laying her down on the soft blanket.
Alissa looked over at me with a wild look in her eye, not moving a muscle as Auger knelt in front of her. His cock throbbed in her face and she kept switching her gaze between his cock and me. It was obvious that she wanted it but was worried about how I felt. It looked like she was definitely having second thoughts, it looked the reality of our situation was finally sinking in.
I was extremely anxious, I was not quite ready to actually let him fuck her. My wife closed her legs as she noticed Auger staring down at her pussy. She sort of sat up off the ground, maybe in an attempt to leave. He had already eaten her out to a glorious orgasm, but she was apparently getting a little shy. Alissa shot me a look of complete terror as Auger began to push himself closer to his target.
"Hey man," I said nervously "I don't think this is such a good idea. Maybe we should go now. You aren't even wearing any protection. Alissa! What about your husband?"
Auger ignored me and pushed her knees apart, forcing her back on the blanket while her muscular thighs parted to reveal her more than ready pussy. Rubbing his cock along her moist slit he asked her, " Go on babe, tell him what you need. And who is going to give it to you."
"Patrick, if only you could have..." Alissa whined softly, she was now staring at Auger's throbbing tool. "Please, honey, maybe, just this once?" Auger watched me as I struggled to deal with the inevitable. He was still juicing his cock up and down my wife's wet hole, her cum was slicking his cock up for its maiden voyage. I was seriously having doubts that his big cock would even fit, but after seeing the amount of her cum on his rod I knew it could most definitely happen. Its not like they really needed my permission, I guess they just wanted to include me or humiliate me. My mind was still extremely foggy as I nodded yes.
"Fuck yeah, I knew you guys were alright. Look at this bitch, she needs it bad. Why don't you reach over here and guide it in for us. I saw how hard you got earlier when you were jerking me"
"Yes baby, put it in for me. I want you to. I will make sure he pulls out before he cums..." Alissa was laying back in nervous anticipation. She looked so fucking beautiful as her hips thrust up off the ground grinding her cunt against Auger's massive cock. Auger still had not moved an inch, in fact when she thrust towards him he would retreat a little, not giving her what she wanted until I put it in for them. Auger was gently playing with my wife's big tits, toying with her nipples and squeezing them roughly. My wife was going insane with lust.
It seemed so natural to help my wife, my desire to see her complete pleasure overcame my good senses. I reached out to guide his hard black dick into the womb of my loving wife. I guided it to Alissa's soaked pussy, working the streaming knob between her swollen lips. Alissa gasped at his first thrust, she then whimpered as Auger pushed in more. His hands gripped her titties harder as he slowly worked his huge cock inside her tight pussy, as I continued to hold him steady. It looked like he was struggling a bit to get that monster inside of her.
My wife looked a little uncomfortable, her pussy lips would cling to the black shaft as he slowly pumped her in and out. She was holding my free hand very tightly as I watched her receive more cock than I could ever give her. She was whimpering with every thrust, but her eyes never left Auger as he fed her his meat. He fucked her gently at first; methodically sliding the first half of his cock in and out of her now impossibly stretched hole. He then leaned down to kiss her. She responded by releasing my hand, wrapping her arms around him and eagerly returning his kiss.
My cock was finally hard now it throbbed with passion as I watched this muscular black stud slowly fucking my sweet wife. His dark skin made a powerful contrast with Alissa's creamy pale flesh. I was really pissed off that it wasn't me buried in her depths at the moment, I wanted to toss Auger off her and reclaim what was mine, but I knew that was never going to happen.
Their kiss seemed to excite her further and she began fucking him back harder, driving more and more of his cock deep into her. Auger picked up his pace to meet my wife's enthusiasm. With a roar he drove his cock in to the hilt and held perfectly still, letting her adjust to his huge member. Alissa screamed out in either pleasure or pain, it was difficult to separate the two at this point. Alissa broke the kiss and squealed out, "Oh FUCK, he is SO big! It hurts, but FUCK, it feels so good!" She wrapped her shapely legs around his waist and her hands moved around his torso, attempting to pull the huge man further inside of her.
Auger slowly withdrew his amazing cock until just the tip was left in my wife and then just as slowly drove it back inside her. Alissa looked as if she was really close to another huge orgasm, Auger was pinching her nipples furiously, as Auger he held his body weight up above her with one arm. I scooted behind him and could see her pink lips stretched around the base of his dark shaft. As he pulled back I could see his shaft coated with her sweet pussy juice, an obvious sign of her arousal.
He fucked her slowly for a while, savoring the feeling of her tight young cunt clinging to his thick shaft. As he fucked her he whispered lewd things into her ear and Alissa eagerly responded, begging him to fuck her harder.
"Please Auger, I need it." she pleaded, encouraging her new lover to fuck her hard once again.
"Need what?" he asked.
"Your cock," she moaned in frustration.
"Tell me how much you need it," he said as he slowly pushed just the first few inches of his cock into her again.
"I need your cock in me, I need to cum," she moaned as he began slowly fucking her again with half his cock.
"Why? Can't little Pat make you cum?" he teased.
"Uh N-uh-no he c-uh-can't," she managed to squeeze out between deep breaths. She felt it coming again as he pushed it in deeper, the head beating on her cervix.
"Why can't he?" he asked.
"He can't get it hard for me... and he's too sm-uh-small..." she answered. Why was he making her say these things I silently thought to myself?
"Tell me who is bigger!" he asked.
"YOU uh uh uh! PLEASE! He's less than ha-uh-half as bbbbig as you," she moaned as she started to shake uncontrollably. Auger was definitely trying to humiliate me and it was working great. I had never felt more shameful in my life! I felt like I was less than a man, fuck, I had helped place that marriage destroying cock inside my once shy wife!
Auger slowly pulled his cock out until only a few inches were buried in her. It was probably his intention to demean and humiliate me so he could have her again. I knew he was planting the seeds for future liaisons with her. He wanted to reinforce the fact that I couldn't provide her with what she needed. It was a good thing that we would be on our way home tomorrow afternoon!
"Is this about what that wimp can give you?" He was still holding what appeared to be about 5 inches of his cock inside of her.
"No, he's not as thick," she said. "You're still bigger. Just look at him! Its pathetic! Now please fuck me! Stop talking, and fuck me!!"
"Tell me the truth Alissa, is Pat your husband? If you lie to me, I'm out of here!" Auger looked enraged. I was scared for our safety at this point!
"Yes! YES, he's my husband, but he can't give me what you can!"
"I knew it! You know what happens to lying little sluts!"
"Please! I'm so sorry, PLEASE just fuck me!!!"
"Oh, I'm gonna fuck you good, you just do whatever I say now!"
"Do what you want, I'M YOURS! JUST FUCK ME!!"
During this exchange Auger was barely inside of her, even with these few inches I saw that my wife was approaching a massive orgasm. She was rubbing her clit and lunging her hips towards the big black man as she spoke. She needed just a little bit more stimulation to push her over the edge.
I was absolutely mortified that our little ruse was exposed. He must have known the whole time that we were lying to him, he just wanted to humiliate me!
Auger dropped the bullshit and got back to giving my wife what I couldn't. He reached down and began mauling my wife's big tits. He snaked his tongue into her mouth as he forcefully fucked her senseless. My wife was finally getting what she craved, she was panting, getting ever closer to her orgasm.
As his excitement grew he picked up the pace and fiercely rammed his cock into her over and over again. His body gleamed with sweat in the hot sun as he pounded into my wife like a man possessed.
"I'm gonna cum soon! Where do you want it!" Auger exclaimed, I could see the veins in his bulging as he exerted himself into my wife.
"You can't cum in her I exclaimed!" I was sitting behind them jacking off watching that huge rod batter my wife's little pussy. My own cock was desperately hard as I watched him get closer to release. I wasn't too far behind him.
"P-uhhh-ll out, I want it on my titties! Coat me in your cum!" My wife exclaimed!
"Shit, I was looking forward to letting it go inside of you! You sure want me to pull out? You said I could do what I want!"
I looked at my wife she had her arms and legs wrapped tightly around Auger's powerfully built body.
"Yes YES YES, I NEED you to PULL OUT! just don't CUM YET! I'M SO FUCKING CLOSE!!!"
"Not sure I can hold off! You sucked me too good! I was about to fill your gut full earlier! I usually can last forever!" Auger's thrusts were becoming more erratic, I could tell he was past the point of no return.
My wife never let go of him as she worked closer and closer, they were both on a mission to pleasure each other as much as possible. Alissa suddenly screeched as if in pain with each thrust. The black man had completely bottomed out in my wife's once snug pussy, he balls were pressed tight against her ass. I wanted to reach out and touch them, but I was in total shock at the moment. Then her whole body stiffened as a powerful orgasm wracked her slender frame.
"I"M CUMMING FUCK ME!!!" My wife was screaming out in obvious sexual bliss, she was cumming harder than I had ever seen, her whole body seemed to flutter in convulsions.
"I can't get out! You are sucking me in!" My wife's legs were still holding firm, keeping the black stud firmly in place.
With a loud grunt Auger slammed his cock into my wife. I could only watch as his huge balls twitched as he came deep inside her. The feeling of his cock emptying inside of her must have only enhanced her orgasm, as my wife began to explode in a simultaneous orgasm. I reached out to touch the huge nuts that pumped my wife full. He jumped a little at my touch, but I wanted to bring him more pleasure.
I could see his cum start to slowly seep around the edges of his cock. He still had not pulled out of my wife. Instead they were kissing as he gently pumped her. She was rubbing his bald head whispering sweet nothings in his ear. Auger was really taking advantage of my wife's big tits, he looked like he was positively amazed by them. She was giggling at him as he played with them.
He was still buried in my wife as I continued to squeeze his nuts. I noticed that his cock was beginning to soften, he was beginning to slip from my wife. He started to back out and I watched every inch begin to slip out of my wife's abused fuck hole. Her pussy stayed wide open for a brief second, I could see the large pool of cum that he had shot inside of her. He flopped down next to her, he was still playing with her body as she gave him playful kisses.
"You sure you're not gay Pat, You just can't keep your hands off my jock. Take a look at your wife's pussy. That's MY cum running down her ass!" Auger laughed at laid his head back down.
I couldn't get my eyes off of her freshly fucked pussy. It looked so different now, I was used to a tight little package, now it was swollen and red, her once tight lips looked a little distended. As I sat wondering if it would ever return to normal I was relieved to see it begin tighten back up. Her pusyy was slowly closing in an attempt to keep his seed inside, where it belonged. I still had my own hardon to deal with, I was so close to cumming with them, but I sort of lost focus watching this big bull possibly impregnate my wife.
I started to finger my wife as she kept kissing and loving on Auger. She never really looked at me, she seemed completely smitten by her new lover. My fingers slid in quite easily, it didn't take much for me to slide in three fingers. His cum coated my hand as I continued, my wife was trying to wiggle her hips away from my invading digits.
I looked down at my cock and it was still ready to go. I got myself between her legs prepared to give my wife more. She really couldn't have cared less as I entered her. She and Auger never stopped kissing as I thrust away at her incredibly sloppy pussy. She was so loose from his big cannon that I wasn't getting any pleasure at all.
"Look at white boy go! Can you even feel the sides!" Auger was belly laughing at my pathetic attempt to fuck my wife.
"Aw, let Pat have his fun Auger! Don't be so mean! You fuck that pussy baby! Fuck me real good! Prove to this big black man that you like pussy!" Alissa was giving me a pathetic pouty face as I tried everything I could think of to get some friction going. Auger's cum coated my cock, and my pubes were soaked in their juices, nothing was working.
Their incessant laughter at my feeble attempt wasn't helping matters much either. I really wanted to get off before my cock softened again. I could already tell that its stiffness was beginning to lessen. In an attempt to finally cum I pulled out of my wife and whacked away at my penis as she and Auger poked fun at me. She was giving him cute little kisses.
I just tried to focus on her amazing body. Using the black man's cum as lube it wasn't too much more before my little balls started pumping out my load. I groaned in orgasm as I shot 2 or 3 spurts of cum all over my wife's belly. The second shot almost made it to her belly button. It never even crossed my mind to shoot my cum directly into her, I had been so used to pulling out, it was basically second nature.
Exhausted I flopped down in the sand, I was huffing for breath. This was definitely an experience that I would never forget I thought as I laid staring up at the roof. I turned my head to see my wife getting to her feet. She grabbed a towel to wipe my cum off of her belly. She didn't even attempt to wipe Auger's cum from her pussy. I could see it steadily drip out of her in big gooey streams. There was a strand of his cum dripping directly from her engorged clit, she simply rubbed it in.
Auger was now standing next to her, he was hugging and kissing her. I couldn't really hear what they said, I was completely wiped out. All of the events of the day were really beginning to weigh on me. My eyes felt heavy as I tried to gather enough strength to join up with them.
"Hey, Pat, me and your wife are going to head back to camp to get some drinks, and smoke that last joint. You need anything?" Auger was looking down at me as my head nodded back and forth. The last thing I wanted was more weed. I'm not sure if I even responded, but the last thing I saw before I passed out was my naked wife holding hands with the giant black man as they walked down the beach. I could see his long dick and huge balls swing as they made their way. It occurred to me that Alissa never said a word to me before leaving. She appeared to be absolutely smitten with her warrior.