It was in the spring of the year, and our lives were progressing. Kids were getting older, moving out of the house and into college. We found ourselves with the oldest two out of the house, and our youngest still at home. Having her driver's license, and an active social schedule, we seldom saw her around the house. The spring of that year we had decided to possibly rent out our bunk house for the summer. The extra money would help fund one of the three college tuitions that we would soon be on the hook for.
Renting out the bunk house came with the realization whoever rented it would have to share our kitchen, and the downstairs bathroom. In essence this was not a big deal. Our two older sons were off at college, and staying in the respective towns for the summer. Our daughter was seldom around, so it seemed to make perfect sense. After our final conversation, Ken and I decided to rent it out and see how it worked into our schedule.
We placed our ad in the surrounding papers, trying to find the perfect renter or young couple. After the first week, we had close to 20 calls. Most of them didn't pan out after finding out how much the rent would be. One of the last calls was from a man who was planning on taking a break from college to enjoy the summer up north. His name was Paul, and he actually vacationed up here when he was younger with his family. The money wasn't an issue; he had financial help from his parents. We agreed to a meeting to discuss all the specifics and see if Paul would be a good fit. We set the meeting for the next day in town.
The meeting place was set at a small sports bar. Paul came in and introduced himself, and we started to get to know him a little better. It turned out Paul was finishing college, and was going to start Grad school in the fall. He was a good looking young man. Paul had darker skin, straight brown hair and brown eyes. He and Ken seemed to hit it off and got along well. I found him to be quite attractive, and he had a great smile and personality. I couldn't tell if he was Italian, or even an African American mix but he fit the role of tall, dark and handsome. I asked where his hometown was, and he said he grew up in the suburbs of Chicago. After speaking about vacationing up here with his family, he showed us a picture of his family on his laptop and where they used to stay. In the pictures his father was black, and his mother was white. I couldn't help but think what a nice mix this young man was from both parents. We concluded our meeting and told Paul we would call soon about the vacancy.
Back at home, Ken and I talked about it over dinner. With more pros versus cons, we decided we would offer the bunkhouse to Paul. At our meeting, he gave us all of his contact information. I told Ken I would call him tomorrow on his mobile phone and let him know he could have the lease if he still wanted it.
The next morning I ran into town and did the typical chores and running. After getting groceries I stopped at a restaurant to meet a friend for lunch. As I was waiting for her to arrive, I thought I would call Paul to offer our bunkhouse to him. I dialed his mobile number, the phone rang but he never answered the call. I left a message for him informing him it was all his for the taking, and to call me back on my mobile when he had a chance. During our lunch, Paul called and I answered. He was ecstatic and excited that we chose him. He thanked me several times, and told me how much he appreciated the offer and was looking forward to be in the northwoods for the summer. Paul said he would be moving up this coming weekend. My friend Connie asked what we were doing, and I told her we were renting out our bunkhouse for the summer. After some idle detail chat she asked me if he was good looking guy. I told her he was quite good looking. Connie laughed and hit my arm which was typical for her, and said I would have to invite her over for lunch soon. We enjoyed the rest of our lunch and I was happy that we could make Paul so happy.
The following three days I thought about what our summer would be like with a new person around the house. I wondered if it would hamper our lifestyle, or if indeed it was a mistake to share our house and lake with someone we didn't know quite well. The weekend came quickly, and Paul called me on my mobile to let me know he would be there shortly. He called for directions. Until now, all he had seen was a few pictures we had showed him during our interview.
Ken was gone when Paul had arrived. I greeted him, and told him the garage and bunkhouse was all his. He thanked me and called me Mrs. Johnson again. I insisted that he call me Penny from now on. Paul grabbed one of his bags and I walked him up the stairs to the bunkhouse. He looked excited about his new summer housing. I told him to make himself at home, and to let me know if he needed anything. He came over and gave me a hug, which kind of surprised me, and said Thank you Penny. I laughed and told him to get settled in and relax. After seeing him again after the interview, I was reminded how he was an attractive young man. I couldn't help but notice when he did hug me, he was solid and muscular. He was a little over six feet tall, and had a real nice smile with straight white teeth.
I smiled to myself as I started walking back into the house. I was glad he was so excited to be up north, and to share our little slice of heaven. A few minutes later he was out on the dock in his swimming suit. He wasted little time swimming in the lake. He had on a bright pair of board shorts, which accentuated how dark his skin was. He literally had no body hair, and was definitely toned. Very toned, and pretty muscular, he must work out regularly I remember telling myself.
Ken came home later that afternoon and we decided to have a cookout on the deck. It would be a nice ice breaker and a way for us to welcome Paul and get to know him better and remove any of the awkwardness. During dinner, the conversation flowed, and the meal was perfect. The sun was setting on the water and the wind died down. He and Ken didn't run out of any topics to talk about, and I found myself asserting our decision that we chose the right person. After dinner, we had another round of drinks on the deck. When I would speak to Paul he would look directly at me. He would nod as I was talking to him and look at my mouth for an extended period of time and give a small smile of approval. He was definitely cordial and polite, but the way he would smile and the length of his gaze made me wonder what he was thinking. To be honest, it made me feel pretty good that this guy was maybe checking me out. When Paul would talk to Ken it wasn't as long, and certainly not as big of a smile that he was giving me.
Later that night when we were in bed, I told Ken I thought we made the right choice. He agreed and mentioned that Paul must have been in Track or some other college sport because of his physique. He also said that Paul was pretty lucky as well. He will have a great place to stay and a beautiful woman to look at every day also. He asked me if I caught the way he was looking at me. I told him I didn't, and Ken said it was all night long out on the deck, and that he could tell that Paul thought I was a good looking, attractive woman. I told Ken it was just his imagination and that it probably excited him to think there was something there, since that is his ultimate fantasy. We said good night and I rolled over on my side. I smiled to myself thinking about the night, the way Paul did look at me, and what my husband had said about him. I did notice it and it was nice receiving the attention.
The next few days flew by. We kept to our schedule, social activities, and Paul to his. Everyone seemed to get into their routine, and we hardly noticed he was there at our house. When I would run into Paul he always flashed a big smile, and continued with the long looks. It happened consistently enough that I knew it wasn't my imagination. I was unsure if I was returning the looks and smiles or even reacting the same way to him.
It was about two weeks into his stay when I found something that caught me off guard. It was Wednesday evening, and the garbage was to be picked up the next day. I started making the rounds throughout the house and then into the office. I thought I should empty the cans from the bunk house as well. Paul was in town, so I wouldn't be invading his privacy and space. On my way up into the bunk house, I emptied the garbage cans. I looked around and he rearranged the bunk house. Paul had moved the beds together at the end of the bunkhouse and set up a bigger desk for his laptop and other books and files by the window.
Looking at his desk, I saw that his laptop and lamp were still on. I went over to the desk to turn off the light, and saw something that caught my eye. Under a couple of big books on his desk I saw three or four magazines that were partially covered by the books. I picked the books up and saw that they were magazines with naked women on them. Normal, nothing wrong with that until I noticed the name of the magazines was titled MILF. The magazines showcased older, sexier woman. My face felt flushed with a rush of blood, and my heart started to beat harder in my chest. It seemed that Paul had a thing for older women. All of the looks, glances, and smiles toward me hadn't been me over reacting, or had they. I started to get aroused thinking maybe he had a crush on me, or thought of me as an attractive woman or even in a sexual way. My nipples stiffened under my bra, and I felt the tingling start between my legs. My common sense and rationale finally kicked in, and I realized it could be magazines someone had given him, and that it didn't necessarily mean he was interested in me, or older women for that matter.
As I set the books down back over the magazines, the movement of the table bumped the mouse and the computer screen came on out of the screen saver. I looked at the screen and it all looked pretty normal. There was a task bar open at the bottom of the screen labeled summer escalation. I know I shouldn't have been that nosey, but seeing the magazines, my curiosity and my libido got the best of me. I took the mouse and clicked the bar at the bottom of the screen and up popped the contents of the file. There were two files in the folder, and they were labeled Journal, and Pictures. I clicked the pictures icon and opened up the file. There were a lot of Jpegs and I clicked one of them to see what he had been taking pictures of. During the split second it took to open the first picture, I wondered if it would be local landmarks, scenery, or pictures of things he had been doing around town.
The first picture opened, and it made my heart beat even faster than it had been already. It was a picture of me. I was outside working in the back garden. The next picture was also of me, as were all of the pictures in the folder. They were of me outside, working in the garden, down by the lake. There was one picture of me in my suit. I must have been cold, because my nipples were standing erect, straining my suit. Paul had taken that picture, and even cropped it to just show a close up of my nipples. The final pictures were at night and were shot into our bathroom. I was barely visible from all the steam and the blinds that were down but not fully closed. This really confirmed my suspicions of his attentions toward me. At first it was the long looks and smiles as well as the magazines in his room, now seeing that he had been taking pictures of me without my knowledge. It felt like my nipples were even harder than before, and there was definitely more stirring between my legs with the realization he did find me attractive.
There were quite a few pictures, and after I had scrolled through all of them, I hesitated and debated if I should open the file labeled Journal. I thought I had violated his privacy this far, I may as well since it was a click away. I opened the file and started to read some of the passages and entries. They were all documented by date. At first, it was about the lake, scenery, and some of the fun things he was doing. Then it turned from that tone, to comments about me. Paul had noted how he thought I was a sexy, attractive and stunning woman. Each day he would document, and as each day would pass the documentation went more from activities to thoughts and comments about me.
He had mentioned how he was becoming more attracted to me, and how he would try to catch glimpses of me down by the lake without being too obvious. One of the entries he mentions how he would love to see what I look like naked, and how he is becoming more brazen looking at me through windows at night to have that opportunity. He said he is trying to figure out if there is a pattern to when I shower, or get dressed, and maybe even would find a time if and when I masturbate. With all of this hitting me at once, the journal, the pictures, him finding me attractive, my head was spinning. The second to last entry he wrote how he is becoming obsessed with seeing me naked. He imagines what I would look like nude, and if I masturbate. He wrote, "She is such a beautiful, nice woman. I am finding it hard to not look her at her and tell or show her how I feel. I want so badly to see her, and watch her. I often fantasize at night that I look into her bedroom and catch her pleasuring herself. I will remain conservative and not aggressive and try not to look too obvious that I desire her. I only hope there may be some acknowledgment from her about my infatuation." The final entry Paul writes how most every night he fantasizes about me. He plays a scenario of the two of us together, kissing, touching, and holding each other. "I slowly jack myself off to the picture playing in my mind. I have a clear and vivid picture of Penny on top of me, looking at me, slowly riding up and down milking my cock. I time my release to the vision of us climaxing and cumming together in my head."
Reading the last journal entries really got me aroused. The realization this young stud wanted me. He is taking pictures of me, writing about me, and eventually hoping to actually see me naked. He is hoping for a sign, or a way for him to be assured to try and take it to the next level. I was in awe, but if I said it didn't excite me, my body betrayed my words. By now my clit was pulsing with my heart beat, and I could feel the wetness starting to build. I had the urge to touch myself and give myself a quick orgasm, but common sense told me to get out and get back into the house.
As we went to bed that night, I thought about all the pictures and the journaling Paul had done. I was truly flattered, but not quite sure how to handle this. I didn't want it to get out of control, but also knew I could let it go as far as I wanted. I tried to fall asleep, but my mind was racing. I was thinking about Paul and what to do if anything at all. I started to visualize and think about him, seeing him in his suit, with his shirt off. My mind wandered like his, and I started to fantasize about him. I wondered if he was a good kisser, what it would feel like to have him hold me in his arms. Is he a good lover, what about his cock, how big is it and what did it look like. Long, fat, thick, curved. The sexual thoughts ran through my mind, and didn't stop until I started to touch myself. I was so wet and very aroused. I pictured him kissing me in the bunk house, and slowly taking my clothes off as he kissed me. I came so hard and so quickly that I didn't have time to take my mental image further than that. The warmth transcended through my body, and it felt wonderful. As I lay there in bed, I wondered how to deal with this developing situation. Paul definitely had a sexual interest in me.
The next day I was sitting on the dock and thinking about the things Paul had wrote. He wanted to see if he could see more of a pattern with me, or any kind of sign that I maybe felt the same way toward him. I wrestled with what to do. Part of me wanted to play the game. Give into temptation and make little gestures or glances to show Paul there is some interest. Should I make myself more noticeable, if not only for his visual benefit, but for my ego and self esteem as well. Should I be more consistent in my daily routine to give him an advantage to see more of me? After a couple hours of thinking this over, I decided to let this go just a little further and see how things play out. I will do some of the subtle things Paul wants to give him an opportunity to see more of me.
During the next few days, I decided to be a little more revealing with my clothing choices. If Paul wanted to see more of me, I would subtly and slowly give him more to look at. I wanted to make sure it was subtle, all of it. I didn't want to make it obvious I knew of his desires and intentions. The idea was to give him an opportunity to see me in more revealing and provocative clothing. I would make sure he had that opportunity, and I was curious to see what his reaction and new direction might be. Would he be more forward, or would he still admire from afar. I was looking forward to seeing the reaction, and to see if he would try to slowly seduce me, or how he would find extra time to spend with me. The thought of him seeing me, and trying to figure out how to build more of a friendship had me curious. It was exciting, and keeping me in a state of heightened arousal and lost thoughts.
Some of the things I did differently were wearing different swimming suits. I started to wear my bikinis again. I also wore the suits that were tight and conformed to my breasts. There are a few of my suits that when wet, suction tightly to me, and my nipples when hard are easily visible. I worked out more at home. I would wear my shorts and Lycra tops, and the bralettes that gave little support, but showed off my breasts, if not better than the swim suits I had been wearing. When Paul was around, I would make sure to keep eye contact longer, and look at him with the smile he always gave to me. If he would look at my lips and smile when I was talking, I would do the same to him when he was talking to me.
I was tanning on the dock one afternoon, when I heard Paul come down and sat in the chair next to me. We talked for a while and decided to swim. We swam out to our raft and lay in the sun again for a while to warm back up. Paul was the first one up on the raft. As I came up the ladder I could feel my hard nipples under the wet suit. I did nothing to hide them, and sat back on the trampoline on my elbows. I wanted to make sure he got a good look. As we were talking, I laid down on my back continuing our conversation with my nipples still poking and pushing out my suit. We continued to talk and the sunglasses I was wearing hid my eyes from him. As we were talking I opened my eyes slightly to look at Paul out of the corner of my eye. While I was talking to him, he was looking intently at my body. I could see him checking out my legs and spending a lot of time examining my chest. When I would look up to talk, he would change his gaze to the lake or back to the shore.
I started taking showers at ten o clock each night. Nothing unusual, but I would shower at night instead of the morning, and almost always at the same time. The blinds would always be down, but not rolled shut. After showering, I would dry off and put my hair in a towel, and then put lotion all over my body. It was about a five minute process where I would be totally naked and exposed if he chose to look at me. After the lotion, I would put on my thin satin nightgown and finish getting ready for bed. That nightgown is thin and shows all my curves.
During these days after I read his journal, I noticed Paul hanging around at home more often than before. We started having some lunches together, and even just talking more often. As we would be talking, I could see him out of my peripheral vision looking me up and down. It seemed the subtle changes I had made were catching his attention. Then one morning while I was doing the laundry, I noticed a pair of my underwear that I didn't remember wearing recently. When I picked them out of the hamper they were crumpled together and had a white crusty remain all over them. It didn't look like anything but what I thought it was. I went up to my bedroom to check my underwear drawer. It seemed to be disheveled and not put in place as I had left it. My pajama drawer, with some of my sexier things looked the same, like it had been rummaged and looked through. I was missing one of my satin teddies.
After about a month into his stay, I came home around dinner time. Our daughter was overnight at a girlfriends house, and Ken was at a fantasy football party and wouldn't be home until late. I went inside and started to get dinner ready. I made myself a gin and tonic. It wasn't long after when Paul entered into the kitchen. I smiled and said no one else will be home for dinner, would you like to join me. Paul was delighted, and said he would love to have dinner, and maybe we could watch a movie after dinner. I made him a gin and tonic while we fixed a nice light dinner. We ate out on the deck to the sunset, and talked all the way through dinner. He had a great personality, and he looked so handsome. He was wearing some cargo shorts and a tight tank top that showed how cut he was. I was beginning to appreciate how handsome he was and found myself checking him out more often than I had previously. We had another couple drinks during dinner, and one more afterwards as we talked.
We decided to go downstairs and watch a movie. I sat down on the end of the couch recliner, and Paul sat next to me in the other recliner. Paul pulled up the choices for an on demand movie, picked one and pushed play. During the movie, there wasn't much talking. It was a good movie, more of a romance. About half way into the movie, the main character, a woman, has an affair with a younger man. The woman was married, and the movie showed how it slowly developed into the affair, how the young man was persistent and slowly seduced her over time. Watching this in front of Paul was awkward at first. Did he pick out the movie knowing the plot, or was it just a coincidence. During the sex scene, Paul moved his leg toward me. I thought he was just adjusting on the chair, and he didn't realize his leg was touching mine. I felt his leg resting against the side of me, and I did not move away. He kept his leg against mine for the rest of the movie. There were three more sex scenes during the movie. They were very sexy and they started to get me aroused. I am not sure if I was aroused because of the scene, or the fact that it was a married woman making love to a younger man, or that Paul's leg was resting against mine. I could feel myself starting to breathe heavier, and wondered if he could notice my chest moving up and down at a more hurried pace. I turned slowly to look at him and saw that he was looking directly at me. He simply smiled and looked back to the television.
After the movie was done, I told Paul it was time for me to go to bed. He thanked me for dinner and watching the movie with him. I told him anytime, and that it was actually a pretty good movie. He said he was going to stay down and catch the end of the news. I said good night and walked upstairs to my bedroom. When I got to my room, I closed the door halfway, leaving it partially open. I walked into the bathroom and started to warm up the shower. I knew if Paul was downstairs still watching the news, he would definitely hear the shower running. With no one home but the two of us, he would have a very good opportunity to catch a glimpse of me naked if he wanted to. I undressed and waited for the water to warm up. When the water was warm I went into the shower. I wondered to myself if Paul was outside looking into the bathroom through the open blinds like his earlier pictures. Would he be daring enough to look in through my bedroom door? A thought of him looking at me was making me horny and I took my time washing my hair and shaving. As I was rinsing off, I wondered if he was touching himself as he watched me. Was he watching me? He had to hear the shower start down in the basement.
I stepped out of the shower and took my time drying off. I tried to look inconspicuously outside to see a figure or movement. As hard as I tried or wanted to see him, I didn't, but hoped he was somewhere viewing me. I stood in front of my mirror and covered my body in lotion meticulously. When I was done, I put on my white robe with nothing on underneath and went to bed. I turned on the lamp on my night stand and grabbed my book. I started to read but my mind kept wandering to what Paul might be up to. I was reading the words, but they weren't registering. In my mind I was fantasizing that Paul had watched me take my shower. He watched me put lotion on and was rubbing his cock through his shorts as he was watching me. Fact or fantasy, it was having an effect on me. I could feel my pussy getting wet. My juice was starting to accumulate inside me and all around my lips and clit. Without realizing it my nipples were again hard, and I had a clear picture of our young renter masturbating to me. The warmth started to build in my pussy, and the thought of him wasn't going away.
I put my book down, and kept the light on. I wondered to myself if he was still watching me. I was so excited and turned on I wanted relief. I wanted to touch myself and have a really intense orgasm and I wanted him to see me doing it. If Paul was in fact still watching me, it made what I was about to do that much more erotic. I started to slowly and softly run my fingers across my stomach and hips. First I used one hand and then two. I would run my fingers up and down my legs, around my hips and stomach and up toward my chest. My eyes were shut, and I fantasized about watching Paul masturbate. My hands drifted down to my crotch. Once my hands were there my legs instinctively spread apart to give my hand and fingers access to my pussy. As I started to rub back and forth, I noticed that I was very wet. There was so much wetness that it was all over me, around my pussy and a trail running down between my legs. When my fingers hit the target, my legs instinctively opened wider to allow me to put my finger inside me deeper. It felt wonderful, and I could feel a strong orgasm starting to build. My right hand had two fingers pushing in and out of me. The palm on my left hand was pushing down on my g spot as my fingers started to rub my clit back and forth. I kept fantasizing about watching Paul stroke himself until he came. I tried to think about what his cock looked like. Did he have a typical black cock, was it long, thick, how much did he come.
I couldn't stop thinking about him. I had secretly hoped he might still be watching, seeing what I am doing because of him. If he was watching, I wanted him to see more of me. I stopped what I was doing and untied my robe. I slowly undid the ties and let them rest on each side of me. I opened my robe up wide so that both of my breasts would be exposed for him to see. I sat up higher in bed and rested against the headboard to sit more in an upright position. My hands went back to my aching pussy. I spread my legs farther apart and raised my knees up to more of a sitting position. Resuming my fingering and stroking, the vision of him possibly watching me do this added to my arousal. My orgasm was building and I knew it would be strong. I started to climax, and it felt great. It started and kept building with sensitivity and getting more intense and the orgasm continued. I kept rubbing my clit and fingering myself until I couldn't stand it any longer. It was an extremely long and intense climax. Both of my hands were covered with my wetness, and my nipples were so taut and extended from enjoying the orgasmic feeling.
When I was coming down and catching my breath, I realized what I had just done. I had masturbated with the light on, hoping to be seen by the good looking muscular young man. The thought of being watched had affected me. It had turned me on, and I wanted to be watched. I wanted to show my body, and I wanted someone to see me pleasure myself. When I regained my composure I got up and hung my robe back on the bedroom door. I went back to bed naked and pulled the covers back, climbed in and turned off the light. A few moments after I turned the light off, I thought I heard a creak from one of the chairs on the deck by the table.
The next morning I woke up and Ken was sleeping next to me. I got up, put my robe on, and went into the kitchen for a cup of coffee. When I got there Paul was already there drinking a cup of coffee out in the porch. I said good morning, fixed a cup of coffee and sat in the chair next to him by the couch. We talked easily and carefree as if nothing happened last night. I was glad to see him calm and not looking away. Maybe he hadn't been watching me as I had thought or hoped. During the day, my curiosity was getting to me. If Paul had seen or watched me last night, he played it pretty cool. He didn't give any sign or notion to that anything was different from the day before.
Later on that day, I was out in the office doing some emails. It dawned on me that I could go check his journal again. After all, I hadn't looked at that since the first time I saw it a couple weeks ago. Being watched was turning into such a turn on, that I had to know if he had actually seen me. Paul was in town, and Ken was down by the lake so I decided to go upstairs and see if his laptop was again on. I looked out and up the driveway before I quietly opened the door upstairs. I got to the top of the stairs and peered around the corner. His laptop had the screen saver floating around again so he had left it on. I approached the table and grabbed the mouse and the screen saver disappeared showing me the folders on hip computer.
I clicked on the summer escalation folder and opened it. There were still two files inside labeled pictures and journal. I elected to open the journal folder first to put my curiosity at rest. I started to read the entries from the last two weeks. Paul had definitely noticed my new outfits and more revealing clothing. There was an entry about our visit out on the raft and how he couldn't stop looking at my nipples making prominent bumps through my suit. There were other entries about what I had been wearing, how he had watched me working out in the basement, and noticing how I seem to be looking at him a little differently. The entry from yesterday shocked me and confirmed my suspicions. Here is the entry he wrote. "Last night I had a very nice dinner with Penny. We ate together alone, and had a few drinks together on the deck. I suggested we watch a movie and she agreed. I picked out a movie that had a MILF theme and we watched the entire movie together. During the movie, I moved my leg to rest against hers to gauge her reaction. She didn't flinch or move her leg away. I took that as a good sign. My slow seduction on her seems to be finally taking. Once the movie was done, she went upstairs to go to bed. I was happy with my progress and enjoyed being so close to her for the evening. When I heard the shower turn on upstairs I knew I had hit the jackpot. I immediately went outside and watched her in the shower. When she was done, I sat in the darkness and watched her put lotion all over her body. She turned and left the bathroom to go to bed. When the light didn't go off, I crept behind the house and onto the back deck. As quietly as I could, I moved down the length of the deck until I was at the edge of the sliding door and could see in to her bedroom. Penny was wearing her robe and reading a book. I watched her for a long time, until she put the book down. I thought she was going to turn off the light and go to bed, but instead I got to see something awesome. She started to touch herself. I couldn't believe I was actually getting to see this gorgeous woman touching and playing with herself. She was getting into it, and then after a while she opened her robe, raised her knees and spread her legs wide. I could see everything. My cock grew hard instantly, and I couldn't help but squeeze myself through my loose shorts. I unbuttoned my shorts, pulled out my hard cock and jerked off as I watched the woman I wish I could be with masturbate. It didn't take me long, and I shot load after load onto the side of the house and deck. I did manage to get some really good pictures tonight as well."
My heart was pounding and I actually felt faint. Paul had seen me shower and he had seen me masturbate. I was extremely aroused now knowing he had watched, and that he had to take care of himself as well. He had a thing for older women, and he wanted me. I opened up the other file of pictures and saw more shots of me in the shower. They were more clear, and my nudity much more visible than the first ones I had seen. He also had pictures of me on the bed with my robe totally open. It was weird to see a picture of me with my eyes closed, robe open and head thrown back fingering myself. My nipples were hard and long, and my pussy was totally exposed. It hadn't been but a month and I was surprised at how far this had progressed. The feeling of lust, eroticism, and exhibitionism had exploded in me, giving me these feelings, and making me do things I normally wouldn't have done.
Carefully I peered into the driveway to make sure no one was around, and got back downstairs. I grabbed the water jug from the front deck and went to the back to start watering the plants, and to see if he actually did cum so close to my bedroom door. I was watering the plants on the back railing and went down to the end of the deck to put a towel out to dry. About two feet away from the sliding glass door going into our bedroom I saw his remains. He really did jack off less than ten feet from where I was masturbating in bed. There were six or seven faint white streaks running down the cedar siding. In front of the streaks there was also a small semi clear dried puddle of cum about the size of a small pancake. I sprinkled it down with some of my plant water and wiped it away with the broom. It seemed like an awful lot to come out of a man at one time.
I went back into the office and wondered where this would lead. It needed to stay in control, and not get out of hand. Up until now, he does not know that I know anything about his activities. I know that I have to tell Ken about him and that he has an interest in me.
A few days went by, and it was the perfect opportunity to talk to Ken about Paul. Paul had left to go back home for the weekend to see his parents and catch up with friends back home. I thought it would be easier to talk to Ken about this at night in our bed. It would be dark, and I would be able to easily bring up the subject just before we would fall asleep. Knowing my husband as I do, there will be one of two outcomes to this conversation. He will either be very upset that this kid can stay at our place and try to take advantage of me, or he will love the thought and the idea of the connection between us. I would think it would be the later, since it is one of his fantasies to see me with someone else. I am really not sure if that is truly what he feels, or if talking about it really turns him on, or the possibility that it could actually happen.
After we brushed our teeth, and went to bed, the lights were out for about five minutes. He had stopped talking so I knew he was on his way to falling asleep. I thought no time like the present and I have to get this done and off my chest so there would be no guilt. I asked him if he was still awake, and he quietly said he was.
I told Ken, "I think we have an issue with Paul."
"Why, what did he do?"
"He didn't do anything yet, but I just think he has an interest in me."
There was a short pause, and then Ken asked, "Why do you think that."
I told Ken all the different things that I had been noticing. "The way he has been looking at me recently, smiling and paying a lot of attention to me when you aren't around. I am just getting a strong feeling that he is interested and attracted to me. Plus the other day when I was emptying the garbage from the bunk house I saw a MILF magazine up on his desk. And there is something else. Last week when I was doing the laundry I noticed a pair of my panties were bunched up and had dried white stains all over them."
I waited for a response from Ken. He was quiet, until he finally said, "Oh my god, he does like you."
I could tell that he liked this new scenario that had developed. It is what we often fantasize and read about. Having told him this and broken the ice brought on a flurry of questions from him. We were now facing each other in bed speaking quietly. His first question to me was, "Does he make you feel uncomfortable."
I said "No, not at all".
"Does he make it apparent all the time, is he consistently doing this to you."
"Yes" I said, "and even more so when you are not at home."
I could hear his breathing getting heavier and choppy while he was talking to me. I recognize that when he is starting to get horny and wants to make love to me. I knew he wanted to continue with the questions and get me to respond with yes and agreement to what he was asking. I reached over and down to grab his cock and it was already fully hard. When I grabbed him I started to squeeze him a little and slowly rub him up and down. His state of arousal and questioning was in turn making me get aroused. I was glad he chose to be excited instead of being upset.
He then asked, "If I liked the attention."
I told him it was nice to be appreciated, and it felt good seeing another man look at me like that. As I was telling him this he started to reach over and touch my arms and my chest. My nipples grew into his teasing fingers and I opened my legs for him to touch me soon.
His breathing was getting faster and heavier as he was touching me. He said, "I love that. Having a good looking man so close and he wants to be with my wife. It turns me on so much to think about him wanting you so badly. Does it excite you sexually knowing that he is attracted to you and what he is doing?"
I paused, and said "Yes it does."
"You know Penny, that if something were to happen, you know I would be all right with it. I can't describe why the thought of someone else having you is such an exciting thing for me. I know you don't want to go there unless I agree and give you full permission to do something that I actually want to see. You can tell how this affects me. I actually want this to eventually happen."
We were lying side by side touching and caressing each other. Ken was very excited about the possibility, and I found myself getting more aroused at possibly entertaining the thought of being with Paul. My husband wanted it and was encouraging it. I just didn't know if it would be something I could do when the time came. To make sure we were on the same thought process, I asked him a final time, "Are you sure you want this. Is this just pillow talk to get us aroused, or do you really want me to do this."
Ken rolled me onto my back and started kissing me. He brought his mouth to my neck and started softly talking into my ear. "This does turn me on to talk about you with another man. Talking about it turns me on. Thinking and fantasizing about you with another man is even more arousing. Having you actually be together sexually with another man would bring it to a whole new level for me. So, yes I do like it, and yes I want it to happen, and yes you can let it happen."
He started kissing me again and was very excited. He worked his way down to my chest and started kissing and sucking on my nipples. The sensations felt so good, and they were shooting to my pussy. I started to raise my hips to grind on him. He brought his hand down to my opening and started to play with my clit and softly rub his fingers on my sex. This was all feeling so very good. Ken worked his way back up to my neck and got between my legs. I instinctively grabbed his cock and started to rub it up and down my pussy. I told him, "See how wet you and all of this is making me."
"I think Paul is making you that wet." I kept rubbing him up and down and would put him in a little bit. As I put the tip of his cock in me, he again went for my ear and whispered, "Do you find Paul attractive." I said yes, and he slid himself in a little deeper.
"Do you fantasize about getting together with him?"
I responded, "Yes" and he slid into me a little further. I was starting to understand this game. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted me to be more verbal and admit things that turned us both on. If I talked and gave an answer, I would have more of him inside me.
"Do you want to be together with him?"
I again responded yes and he entered into me deeper. The talking, questions and answers were getting to me. Ken bent down to ear and said the final question.
"Will you let Paul have sex with you?" In reality I wasn't sure, but finally I said yes. As I gave my answer Ken plunged into me until he was in as far as he could go. He started to grind on my clit and tweak my nipples as we again started to kiss. I could tell his questioning was really exciting him.
Ken rolled over onto his back and pulled me on top of him. I started to grind harder on him and bent down to rub my breasts on his hairy chest. The feeling it had on my nipples was wonderful. As my head was down next to his he started talking to me again. He said he wants me to fantasize that it is Paul who is inside me. Ken told me to close my eyes and imagine that I was having sex with Paul. While I was trying to create the image in my mind Ken was whispering into my ear. "I want Paul to feel how wet and soft you get when you make love. I want him to be able to feel the pleasure that you can give and how tight you are. I want you to be able to feel what it would be like to have a different man inside you. Do you want him to do all those things to you?"
By now he was running his finger around my backside playing with my butt. He knows that is the sure way to start my orgasm. A simple yes was all it took and then he put his finger inside my anus. I started to orgasm immediately and it was building. Ken kept asking me the same few questions as I was orgasming. Do you want him, do you want to have sex with him, and do you fantasize about him? I kept answering yes with each exhale through my orgasm. It was good and it was strong. My orgasm brought on his and we climaxed together. When we were through, we spooned and started to fall asleep together. Before we fell asleep, Ken whispered in my ear a last time and said, "I meant what I said. It wasn't just pillow talk." With that I wondered what I would do. It was clear to me now that this was his intent, and his permission for me to explore if I wanted to. I smiled and drifted off to sleep knowing that time would tell.
The next few days past with a lot of the same looks and exchanges between Paul and I. I was still trying to figure this out, and determine what I would do if the situation arose. I was pretty confident that Paul would be more persistent and try to make a move and push the level of our developing relationship. Ken had his national meeting coming up in two days. Our daughter was going with him, and would be staying with her cousins. All of this was weighing on me, because that meant that it would be only Paul and I here at the house for an entire week. I was nervous and excited at what might transpire during that time. There were a couple more days to try and sort through the emotions, and the sexual drive and desire that had been building inside me.
Sunday came and they both were packed and ready to go. I helped them pack the car and went out to see them off. I kissed her goodbye, and then Ken. He gave me a hug and told me to have a great week. He said to have a good time and that I could fill him in when he gets home. Was he subtly giving me permission to act on my impulse and desires? I am pretty sure that was his intent.
The rest of the day I did various chores around the house. Paul came down from the bunkhouse later during the day and went down to the lake. I was out on the deck reading my book when he came back up from swimming. He sat down and was drying off and we started talking. He asked where everybody was. I told him that Ken had a meeting in Florida all week and our daughter was staying with her cousins until he came back home next Sunday. We talked for quite a while, and I was admiring his physique and his charm. He did look good. His brown eyes, perfect white teeth, and smooth sculpted upper body. He asked if we want to do dinner tonight together. I told him that would be great. We ended up making a light dinner, and finished up with a drink on the deck as we talked into the darkness. Our conversation seemed to flow easier the longer we talked.
He said he was tired and was going to turn in. We both stood up at the same time, and I thanked him for keeping me company over dinner. He grabbed me by my shoulders, and said I should thank you for letting me stay here. I appreciate this, and love being here. Paul then pulled me closer and gave me a hug and kissed me on the cheek. This caught me a little off guard and I told him we were glad he was here. He left off the back deck and headed for the bunk house. I put our glasses in the kitchen and headed off for bed.
I started the shower again to stay on my schedule and routine. I showered and got out and dried off again with the blinds in the same position. I put on my lotion and my long brown nightgown and headed for bed. As I lay in bed, the thoughts of Paul crept into my head, and I wondered if he had again seen me in the shower. I tried to visualize what he would look like fully nude. A scenario or fantasy popped into my head of him making love to me. My body was responding to my images and I wanted to have an orgasm. I grabbed my Hitachi and started to send the vibrations to my pussy and clit. As I was rubbing it across my clit I kept the image of him entering me. It didn't take long, and I had a fast and very intense climax. I put the Hitachi back under my bed, turned off the light and fell fast asleep.
Monday was much like the first day with everyone gone. We would do our things during the day and have a dinner together. We ended up watching a little television after dinner. A little after ten he said he was ready to turn in and I said I was as well. He got up and again gave me a hug and thanked me for dinner. Before he broke the hug he gave me a quick peck on the cheek again. I told him I would see him in the morning. Again that night keeping true to my routine I showered, put on lotion and then went to bed.
I woke up Tuesday morning and had errands to run in town. I got back home around seven and went inside. Paul was in the kitchen, and he was starting to make dinner. He said it was his turn to make dinner and treat me to his culinary skills. Eating dinner together started to become a routine for us this week. We had a drink with dinner, and sat and talked again on the deck. We had a couple more drinks after dinner, and talked until it was again dark. When we finished our last drink, I realized it was after eleven already. We brought our glasses into the kitchen with only the oven light on. Paul again grabbed me and hugged me as he had done the previous two days. He thanked me for hanging with him and gave me a kiss on the cheek. He was holding me closer when he kissed me, and in the process his kiss landed closer to my lips. He kissed me again on my lips and kept them pressed against mine. His kiss stayed on my lips and he opened his mouth and I felt his tongue touching my lips. I instinctively opened my mouth for a second and our tongues touched and twirled around each other for a couple of seconds. I realized what had happened and broke our kiss. I wasn't sure about letting this happen, so I told Paul that I was married and didn't think this was a good idea.
I told him he we should be getting to bed. Off he went to the bunkhouse and I went to my bedroom. I stripped off my clothes and put on my robe, getting ready to shower. As I was in the bedroom I heard a text come into my phone. I picked up the phone and opened the text. It read, "I am sorry". It was from Paul. He had contacted me initially through my mobile number. I texted him back and said that it was OK and that he shouldn't worry about it. Paul replied back and said that he got carried away. It was his birthday, and his parents had forgotten about it. He said he was in a pretty bad mood most of the day, until we spent our time and dinner together. I texted back and told him happy birthday. He said that is maybe why he did what he did. Sorry if it caught you off guard, but getting a birthday kiss from me would make a pretty dismal day end on a good note. May I have one real birthday kiss? There was a short pause and he texted PLEASE. Now the ball was in my court. He was waiting for my response. I told him to come on down and I would give him one birthday kiss. He texted back with only the word YES. I turned off the lights in the bathroom and bedroom.
I was naked under my robe, and waiting for Paul to come down so I could kiss him for his birthday. I heard Paul come in the front door as I was standing in the doorway to my bedroom. The hallway was dark; with the only light on in the house was the bathroom nightlight. As I was standing in the doorway, he turned the corner and saw me standing there. He walked slowly down the hallway looking me up and down as he walked closer. He walked all the way to me and stopped when he was close and in front of me without a word spoken from either of us. He put his arms around my waist and pulled me into him. He moved his head close and put his lips directly on mine and held his lips on mine. I slowly opened my mouth to let him kiss me with his tongue. As his tongue entered my mouth, my hands ran up his smooth chest and ended behind his neck. He was holding me close and French kissing me with an expertise that made me want to kiss him longer. He was a great kisser. Paul started to slowly sway back and forth, grinding himself into me. I could feel his hardening cock rubbing against my abdomen. The kiss continued, and he kissed his way down to my neck and softly bit and gummed me with pursed lips. Paul was still slightly moving back and forth and I could feel his now hard cock rubbing on me as he moved. The movement back and forth opened my robe slightly and I could feel the air on my left breast. The action had opened my robe and exposed my breast. The kissing, the feeling of his hard cock rubbing against me, and having him kiss my neck and ears caused my nipples to harden. I knew he could feel my long nipple and bare breast on his chest as he moved back and forth. We continued the kiss and I felt his hand moving up my side until it rested under my breast. Paul slowly moved his hand higher and started to gently rub and squeeze my breast. It felt wonderful, and he managed to touch and play with my extended nipple. I broke the kiss and gave him one last peck on the lips, and said Happy Birthday Paul, see you in the morning.
His kiss had excited me. He was such a good kisser, and the way he touched me and rubbed up against me had me wanting to let him go further. I was sitting on my bed in the dark thinking about him, and how I wanted him. I closed my eyes and thought about what his cock felt like, and what it would feel like entering me for the first time. I was excited and very aroused. I went into the bathroom and noticed the bunkhouse lights were still on. I looked up to the dormer and could see movement up there. I wondered what he was doing now. I imagined him masturbating and stroking himself to climax while fantasizing about me. My libido was in full gear and my curiosity. I wanted to see what he was doing. I walked through the garage door quietly and stepped out into the driveway. I looked up but couldn't see anything from this low angle. The light from the window near the woods lit up the area around the bunkhouse. Quietly I crept to the basketball net, and then up into the woods to peer into the window. I was deep into the woods where one more step I would be able to see down the entire length of the bunkhouse. Moving into position, I saw directly into the bunkhouse and down to the other end and my curiosity was answered. What I saw was mesmerizing.
Paul was lying on his side on the bed looking at his laptop. He was leaning on his right elbow and stroking himself with his left hand. His cock looked huge as he was stroking it and I knew he was looking at the pictures of me he had taken earlier, and more than likely the ones of me on my bed masturbating with the light on. He was slowly working his hand up and down the shaft as his eyes were fixated to the computer screen. I was surprised at how thick he was. In comparison he was almost as thick as a can of red bull. It was probably twice as thick as my husband and I wondered if I would even be able to take that inside of me. His cock was perfectly straight and it was quite a bit longer than what I am used to. Watching him masturbate had an intense effect on my body. My eyes were fixed to his hand and his cock. My hand drifted to open the robe. I instinctively spread my legs apart and started to rub and finger myself as I watched Paul. My pussy had become a wet mess and my body became ultra sensitive. Paul started to stroke himself faster and it seemed he was ready to come. I quickened my fingering and watched as cum started to spurt out of his cock. It was amazing. I saw six or seven squirts shoot up into the air. He kept pumping his stiff cock and it kept oozing out of the slit at the top of the lighter head. Five or six more streams of cum came out with less intensity and dribbled down the length of his shaft. Seeing this triggered my orgasm. My fingers felt my pussy clench tightly and my hand felt the warmth of more juice being forced out of me. I remember the amount of dry sperm I saw on our back deck, and thought to myself how much comes out of him when he orgasms. I watched Paul until he lay back down. I tied my robe back tight and walked slowly and quietly back into the house.
I got into bed and had a great climax in the woods voyeuring Paul. I was certain now that I wanted to have him sexually. I was curious and infatuated now with his cock, body and his kissing. The size was great, but the thickness had me wanting to feel the fullness of which he had. I don't think my hand would fit around his girth. I couldn't believe how much cum came out of him. That was another area of fascination. If he was inside me and I let him cum inside me, I would definitely feel his ejaculation. He seemed to shoot high, which meant I would definitely feel the strength inside me, not to mention how many times I would feel that pulsing shot. The sheer amount of what comes out would fill me, and I am sure the tight fit would keep it deep inside so I would feel and retain the warmth. I fell asleep with contentment of a great orgasm, and in knowing I was desired and being carefully watched. I knew that something would happen before the week was over, whether it was Paul's direction or mine.
Wednesday morning came and I woke up later in the morning. I went into the kitchen to have a cup of coffee. Paul wasn't in the house so I didn't have to worry about feeling uncomfortable from the long kiss and quick touching. I spent the day reading and sitting out on the dock and the deck. Paul hadn't been around all day. Dinner time came and went and Paul still was not at home. I started to wonder if he felt funny about being a little more forward with me last night. I went out to the garage and up to the bunkhouse to see if he had updated his journal. His laptop was gone, so I couldn't read what the new entries that had been fueling my fire. I went back to the house and took a shower. I hadn't thought about why I needed to take a shower, I just did because now I realized it had become my habit. I turned the lights out and went to bed wondering where he may have been all day.
I woke up Thursday and got dressed to start my day. After breakfast I had a great workout, followed by a nice long bike ride. When I got home I put my suit on and cooled off in the lake. It was getting close to dinner so I headed up to get something started. When I reached the top of the stairs to the deck I noticed Paul's car was parked in the driveway. I went in the kitchen and he wasn't there so I made a light meal and ate out on the deck. If he needed space or time, I would make sure to give it to him. After I was done, I cleared the table and cleaned up the kitchen. It was getting chilly outside so I went to my bedroom to grab a sweater and my book to read on the deck. In the closet I put on a warmer sweater, and went to the nightstand to get my book. As I was picking up the book, I noticed an envelope on my pillow with my name on it. I opened it up, and it was a letter from Paul. It read:
Hi Penny,
I am writing you this letter to let you know how much I appreciate your kindness of letting me be here at your home. Dinner the other evening was such a great night. Thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday. The kiss we shared was something I thought may never happen, but I Loved the way you kissed me and tasted. If I went too far, and crossed the line I am sorry, but I couldn't control myself that night. I have wanted to kiss you from the first day I was here. I think you are such a beautiful woman, and I think and dream about kissing, touching and holding you close. I am very attracted to you and I am trying to figure out if you may have some of those same feelings for me. I think you do, or should I say I hope you do. I wanted to write this out so it made sense to me, instead of talking to you in person.
His letter made me smile. Paul was putting himself out there for me to take if I wanted. He was subtle and not assuming. What he did not know yet is that I had already made up my mind that he could have me. I am not sure what the intent with the letter was. Did he want me to take the initiative, or was he going to come down and tell me in person.
I read my book in my room for a while. When I glanced at the clock I noticed it was a little after ten. I went to the bathroom and turned on the lights and shower. The shower was warm and I took a long time cleaning and shaving my legs, arms, and around my pussy. When I got out of the shower to dry off I noticed the blinds were now pulled up. I hadn't remembered doing that in the last couple of days. I grabbed a towel and took longer than usual to dry myself off. I took extra care and attention with putting lotion all over my body as I stood in front of the mirror and window. After I was ready for bed I put on my tight gown and went to the bedroom. I pulled the covers back and wondered if I had been watched again tonight while I was naked for him to see. It was almost as much of a turn on not knowing where and when he may be watching me. I turned off my light and peered out to the driveway. There seemed to be a little light from the bunkhouse casting long shadows to the front yard. As I lay there I wondered what he was doing. Should I go out and break the ice and talk to him about his letter, and our kiss.
As soon as that thought had entered my brain, my phone beeped with an incoming text. I picked up my phone and pulled up the message. It was from Paul. "Are you still up" was his first text. I replied yes and that I read his letter. He responded and asked if I was mad at him. I waited some time for my next message until I texted him back and said that I was not mad, but actually flattered that he found me that attractive. He texted me back, "I find you very attractive and sexy and meant every word in the letter. I can even prove it to you." I replied "prove it?" not quite sure as to what he meant. A text came back that read, "this is what happens to me when I think about being next to you and if I ever had sex with you." Along with the text was a picture. The picture was of him holding his hard cock in his hand. It looked bigger than I may have remembered from the other night. In his hand it looked long, smooth and straight. I couldn't get over how thick it looked in the picture. From the top of his shaft where the crown met the head it was wide and got wider as it went down to the bottom base. Seeing it in color and close had me wanting to finally see and feel it for myself.
I texted him back saying, very nice, that is because of me? I didn't get a text back. I lay in bed looking at my phone waiting for some reply when I heard the screen door in the garage quietly open. All the lights were out in the house, but there was a full moon which lit up the house. I put my phone down and could hear him walking the hallway to my room. When he entered the doorway he stopped and looked at me on the bed. He was wearing a pair of long basketball shorts and didn't have a shirt on. Paul slowly walked to the side of my bed and bent down to kiss me without saying a word. It was a slow passionate kiss that developed into French kissing and small kisses all over and around my lips. He broke the kiss and softly asked if he could join me. I pulled the covers back and slid over to give him room. He climbed into bed with me and covered us with the light sheet.
I was lying on my back as he rolled onto his side and started to again kiss me. He was softly kissing my lips and our tongues started to swirl around with each other. He put his arm across me to get more over me while he was kissing me. Paul started to kiss back to my ear and down my neck. His kissing was sending chills through my body. I turned my head to expose more of my neck while I took my left hand and started to run my fingers up his back. I ran my fingers along his back and up the shoulder and down his arm. His skin was soft, and there was no hair on his body. The sensuality of his kissing me all over my neck, cheeks and ears was starting to light the fire inside me. I kept touching his shoulders and back and ran my hand down to his ass. I could feel every muscle and noticed he wasn't wearing anything under his shorts. The material moved easily as I touched him, while my hands kept roaming and touching around his waist and butt.
Paul started to kiss me on the mouth and again I opened my mouth to kiss him with the passion that was building. He took his right hand that was supporting his body weight and started to touch and run his fingers along my neck. His hand and touch felt good. He was lightly touching and tickling all the erogenous spots on my upper body. His hand roamed across my chest and down my side until his hand was below my breast. While we were kissing he slowly moved his hand to the side of my breast. He was so close to my sensitive nipple that was already standing at attention for him. Paul's hand caressed the side of my breast and then the underside. He finally moved his hand and covered my breast and gently squeezed and touched the fleshy globe. He spread his fingers and put my erect nipple between his long fingers and then gently squeezed them together. The pressure on my nipples sent little jolts shooting out from the epicenter. When he did this I had to quickly inhale to catch my breath. I was starting to breath heavier and instinctively raised my chest to keep his hand in contact with my breast and nipple. He took his two fingers and started to roll and softly pinch my nipple which elicited a soft moan from my lips. Paul worked on my breast and then shifted his weight to work on the other with his left hand. He kept me in a state of heightening arousal, and was kissing my neck and lips throughout his manipulations.
I could feel how hard and erect my nipples were. My areolas were tightly wrinkled and my nipples felt long and hard. I told Paul how good that felt. He started to kiss down my neck at the same time I could feel him pulling down the straps to my night gown. My hands drifted down his back to the top of his soft shorts. I put my thumbs in the top waistband and pushed the shorts down his legs. He shifted his weight to clear the shorts from his legs and now he was naked next to me. He continued to work the shoulder straps down as he was planting his kisses working his way lower. I lifted one elbow and then the other to get the straps free from my arms. He took his time rolling and pulling down the top of my gown until both of my breasts were exposed to him. Paul got on his knees and started to kiss his way down to my breasts. I waited in anticipation, watching him kiss closer to my nipples. As his mouth came to my hard nipple he kissed around it and finally covered it with his mouth. He sucked it and flicked it with his tongue. This sent a surge of jolts to my entire body and especially my pussy. I felt an instant rush of juice come into and around my pussy. I pulled his head tight to my breast and arched my back to keep my nipple in his mouth. My breathing was heavy and erratic. As he was sucking and licking my nipple I could feel his cock bumping into my right leg. I reached down to touch him for the first time and grabbed his hard cock.
I put my hand around his shaft and gave it a gentle squeeze. I started to squeeze and slowly rub him up and down the top part of his shaft. Paul switched his kissing and licking to my other breast. When he licked and sucked on my right nipple the sensations again shot through my body. I felt another surge of liquid rush to my pussy. I could feel it building and felt it run out and down my lips to my anus. I actually had a wet spot forming on the bed beneath me. I continued to squeeze and stroke his cock. It was definitely the biggest cock I had ever touched. I wrapped my fingers around the shaft and there was still room between my fingers. His cock seemed to get thicker toward the bottom. It was probably an inch or maybe two longer than my husbands. I remember holding it and thinking how different it felt and very different from what I had been so used to.
His kissing and licking had me reeling. I was starting to squirm on the bed. I was arching my back and raising my hips to rub and get any kind of friction to the areas that needed more attention. Paul sat up and pulled me to him. He hoisted the night gown up and over my head. We were now kissing each other, holding each other naked and together. His skin was soft and the warmth was radiating to my body. I lay back down and pulled Paul on top of me. It was good to feel his weight on me. I spread my legs apart and he moved so his body was between my legs and was resting most of his weight on top of me. I grabbed for his cock to hold his meaty tool. I again started to squeeze and stroke him between us. The underside of his shaft was resting on my clit. I started to raise my hips to run my wet clit along his underside as I was stroking him. I looked down between us to look at his impressive manhood. I wondered to myself if I would be able to handle him inside me. Paul went back to his knees to get a better angle with the head of his cock to the entrance of my pussy. I took his cock and started to rub the head up and down my opening. My wetness lubricated his tip and I used it to rub all over my slit. He was holding my hips and gently pumping up and down. Everything sensory ending on my body was tingling. I took the head of his cock and ran it up and down until it rested at my opening. Paul gave a little push and the head started to enter inside me. I pulled it out and rubbed it again on my clit. I put the tip back into me. I would work his cock up and down and put the tip in and out, slowly masturbating myself with his dick. When I put it at the opening of my pussy he again pushed it in a little further than before. I stopped him and pulled him out of me. I told him I don't think we should do that tonight.
Paul put his left leg over my leg and straddled it. He was now lying on his side and his cock was resting on my stomach with his leg bent and resting above me knee. I grabbed his cock and started to stroke him again. He put his mouth onto my nipples and ran his right hand up to my pussy. He inserted one finger and then another. His thumb was rubbing my clit while the other two tickled my G spot from the inside. I was feeling an orgasm ready to start. I kept stroking and jacking him off. There was so much wetness on him from my pussy that it made it easy to stroke him. I put my hand down and ran my fingers up inside to collect more of my wetness and rubbed it all over the head and top of his dick. It felt as if there was KY Jelly all over the top of his crown and shaft. I grabbed it and squeezed and slid it up and down. My hand slid easily up and down the length of his shaft as I kept a fairly tight grip. When I had the head I would squeeze and roll it like I was kneading bread. I gripped it again and started to slide my hand up and down its length. I was trying to make it feel as if my hand was a tight pussy milking his cock. I kept stroking him and increased the speed because I felt myself getting closer. Paul said he was close to cumming and I continued with the speed and pressure. I heard a loud moan and felt his cock explode and pulse in my hand. My breasts felt the warm wetness of his sperm. Paul shot six or seven streams that landed onto my chest. I kept stroking him and felt his sperm run up the channel on the underside of his shaft and saw the sperm continuing to come out of his opening. Five or six more streams dribbled out of him and flowed onto my hands and over his cock. I don't even remember seeing anything like this. The amount of cum was amazing. My chest was covered and there was just as much on my hand and down his shaft.
Paul continued to finger me and used his other hand to roll my clit. The warm cum on my chest, and him using both hands triggered my orgasm. It started and the intensity increased with each pulsing contraction. The orgasm lasted for about thirty seconds and I could feel the inside of my pussy getting tighter as the orgasm continued. I felt another strong surge of juices push out of me and down the inside of my legs. When I couldn't handle the sensitivity I reached down to stop his hands from fingering and playing with me anymore.
When my orgasm subsided Paul lay down next to me. I was breathing hard trying to catch my breath. I told him how good he had made me feel. He said it was amazing and he couldn't believe this had actually happened. I rolled onto my side and grabbed his arm to pull across me. He snuggled up tight against my back side and we rested. I told him he didn't have to go out to the bunkhouse, but he could sleep here with me tonight. I laid there trying to fall asleep and started to think about my actions. My orgasm was one of the longest and most intense that I have probably ever had. It was a month of built up sexual tension, my husband planting and fantasizing about the idea, and the fact that I was with a great looking younger man, increased and heightened the sexual intensity for me. I knew when Ken came home I would convey and account all the details for him. This would drive him crazy and lead to a night of love making that would be very special. I fell asleep in our bed with the only man other than my husband to pleasure me since our wedding twenty two years ago.
I woke up Friday morning with Paul still asleep behind me. I got out of bed and put on my robe. I looked back at the bed where Paul lay there motionless and still. His dark hair and skin was such a contrast to what I was used to seeing there. I ran my eyes up and down his body to appreciate how good looking he was. I was in the kitchen when Paul came in and joined me for coffee. He said good morning and gave me a kiss on the lips and hugged me. He made a cup of coffee and we went out to the porch and talked. There were still no uncomfortable or awkward silences. We were able to share some intimacy and still cohabitate as if it never took place. Tonight was a girl's night out in town. We were going out for dinner and downtown later that night. The festivities ended very late and I got back home close to one in the morning. I went inside and retired to bed. Paul's car was in the driveway and the lights were out in the bunkhouse. I wondered if he would come down, or text me again. He never did, which I am sure my body needed the rest, and I fell asleep quickly.
I woke up Saturday morning realizing that today was the last day of being alone with Paul and not having anyone else around. During our coffee clutch I asked Paul if he wanted to go into town and have lunch. He was excited for that and said we should make a day of it. Paul drove his car to lunch. We sat out on the deck overlooking the water and started with a summer drink. We ordered lunch and had a beer with our meals. We wanted to enjoy the sun and view of the lake so we ended up having a couple more drinks out on the deck. After four drinks, I wasn't feeling drunk, but I definitely was in a carefree and relaxed mood. Once we got home we put on our suits and the plan was to spend the afternoon down on the lake. The sun was hot, and swimming in the water kept us cool. Paul went up to the house and came down with a small cooler of beer and bottled water. The amount of sun and a few more beers was starting to take hold. I felt a slight buzz coming on, and it was putting me into talkative and laughing mood. We eventually went up and started dinner. We grilled out steaks and had a great dinner out on the deck. After dinner we had our last drink and sat on the deck and talked again until the sun went down and the moon started to rise over the lake. We were talking about vacations we had taken and the great places in the Caribbean. He started telling me about his trip last summer where he had rented a boat with his other college buddies and they sailed all around the Caribbean exploring the islands. I told him that must have been beautiful and what a great experience. He asked me if I would like to see the pictures he had from the trip last summer. I said I would love to see them, and he invited me up to the bunkhouse to look at them on his laptop.
I told him I would meet him up in the bunkhouse, but I first wanted to get out of my swimsuit and take a quick shower. He said he would pull up the pictures and be waiting. I took off my now dry suit and jumped in the shower. I was feeling the alcohol now take its effect on my body. I wasn't dizzy or nauseous, but I was feeling confident and more brazen. I washed and shaved again to make sure I was smooth everywhere. My mind drifted off to the other night thinking about how good Paul had made me feel and how he had manipulated and worked my body to a strong orgasm. I got out and dried my body off. I was looking at the different pajamas and night gowns and couldn't decide which one to wear. I eventually chose none and put only my bathrobe on with nothing underneath.
I turned off the lights and made my way out to the bunkhouse. When I got to the top of the stairs Paul was on the bed with his laptop in front of him. He had taken his shirt off and was wearing a pair of nylon shorts. When he saw me, he said he had the pictures all ready to go. I walked over to the bed and he made room for me between him and the laptop. I lay down on my side and he came behind me to narrate as I looked at the pictures. I started clicking through the pictures and asking questions as to what island and how long did they stay there, and who the different people were. Paul was filling me in with all the details as we looked. He had his head tucked between my shoulder and cheek so he could see the laptop with me. During the slide show he started to tickle my back and shoulders as he was talking. He ran his fingers lightly over the robe and eventually started to touch my lower back, waist and legs. The light touching felt so good, and I told him how nice his touch was. I came to a few pictures where I hadn't asked him any questions but just continued to slowly click through the slides. I felt his hand move toward my waist and then to my stomach. Paul started to tickle my front and worked his hand up towards my breasts. He gently squeezed and played with them while I gazed at the screen. After a while he moved his hand down to the belt holding my robe closed and slowly untied it. I was having a hard time focusing on the pictures, but was not clicking forward as fast. I was intentionally taking my time with each picture to give him ample opportunity to touch me. After he untied the belt Paul slowly opened my robe. His hand slid slowly up my side until he was fondling my naked breast. His hands felt warm and he was touching my breast softly. I started to breath heavier when he started on my nipples. He was alternating back and forth lightly tweaking, and rolling each nipple. All the same sensations from the other night started to happen again with my body. I finally got to the last slide and he said that was all of them. He reached over me and closed the laptop and pushed it to the side of the bed and onto the floor.
The laptop was the only thing illuminating the room, but now the moon had risen and was shining in all four windows of the bunkhouse. I laid down on my back and Paul was on his side with his arm across my waist. He leaned into to kiss me and my mouth eagerly opened to accept his kiss. His kissing was fantastic and he again started to kiss me on my cheek and spent much more of his time on my neck. The kisses and his warmth breath on my neck sent chills down my body. I could feel my nipples growing harder and my pussy starting that familiar tingling. As he was kissing my neck he started to slowly pull the robe off my shoulders. He put his arm behind me and pulled me up so he could get the robe completely off my body. I was now lying naked and in full view of him in the moonlight. I ran my hands down his shoulders to his waist and grabbed at his shorts to work them down his legs. He helped me by getting back up on his knees and pulled them down and off. When his shorts were off and he was on his knees I could see that he was already fully hard. He came back to my side and turned into me and started kissing me again.
If felt so good to be lying with each other totally naked. Most of our skin was in contact. His skin was smooth and warm from the sun earlier that day. As he was kissing me he started to softly grind himself into me. I reached up to hold his head to mine as we kissed and I could feel his manhood rubbing against my leg. His right hand was touching me all over my body running his fingers up and down my leg, stomach, and chest. Eventually his kissing trailed down my neck and to my chest. He was expertly teasing each breast until he started to suck on my sensitive nipple. Working my nipple in and out of his mouth while he was tugging and rolling the other started my body on fire. I felt the familiar rush of the fluid filling my pussy. I was starting to get very wet, and my nipples felt as if they were becoming more sensitive the longer he licked and sucked on them. I started to tell him to suck harder, giving him little instructions on what I wanted. My chest was rising up with my rapid breathing. I reached out with my right hand to grab his cock. I still couldn't believe how thick around he was. I took hold of his right hand and placed my hand over his. I slowly pulled our hands down to my pussy. I held his hand in place and started to rub our hands up and down my slit. I worked them up and down and spent some time rubbing our fingers across my clit. I pulled his hand back down to my pussy and pushed his finger inside me. Once he started to finger me on his own I pulled my hand away.
He kept fingering me while he was sucking alternately between my breasts. I asked him if he could feel how wet he was making me get. I started to move my hips up to rub my clit harder against his hand. Having my breasts, pussy and clit being manipulated was making my whole body prepared for a strong orgasm. Paul kept fingering me as he started to kiss on the sides and underneath my breasts. He kissed around my mid section and started to plant kisses down to my navel. He moved his body between my legs and started to kiss me down toward my pussy. Paul kissed the inner part of my thighs and all around my pussy making me wait with anticipation. Gently he started to kiss and lick my pussy lips and run his tongue up my slit until it hit my clit. He stuck his tongue deep inside me and would pull it out and suck on my lips. His fingers were pulling my lips apart to gain better access for his tongue. I reached down to grab his hand and directed a finger inside me as he licked and kissed. His finger reached in and massaged my G spot. He started to lick up as he fingered me. His licking went higher until it was licking the extended sensitive clit. He slipped another finger inside me and covered my clit with his mouth while running his tongue up and down and around my clit. I groaned and told him right where it felt good. He continued to lick the sensitive spot until I finally told him to suck harder on it. Paul would suck my clit into his mouth and use his tongue to roll around my clit in his mouth. As soon as he started to do that my orgasm started. My hips were held in a raised position off the bed and my legs, abdomen and pussy started to shake and quiver. I felt the orgasm getting strong and building up intensity with the sucking and flicking of my clit. It reached to a new plateau and my orgasm blasted warmth throughout my entire body. I felt it deep inside me at the epicenter and the sensation radiated out to the end of my toes and the tips of my fingers. I could feel my pussy tightening and spasming around his two fingers. The intense orgasm continued and kept the pulsing sensations running through me. My pussy was contracting and excreting fluid which I could feel being pushed passed his fingers. My orgasm felt like twenty separate contractions or pulses of sexual energy until I couldn't stand it anymore. I dropped my hips and pulled his mouth off my clit. After he released the suction and his lips came off my clit, I could still feel my pussy and ass constricting, having smaller little orgasms as I came down from the heightened climactic arousal.
It was the strongest and longest orgasm I ever remembering having. I had just had two orgasms this week of this magnitude. My entire body had become ultra sensitive and my nipples actually ached with the rush of blood flowing through them. Paul crawled up between my legs and put both arms outside of mine and put his weight on top of me. I was breathing so hard still that I couldn't speak, and he knew to let me rest and come down from my excited state. I could feel his meaty cock pressed between our bodies and the remains of my wetness still slowly oozing out of me.
Once my breathing had slowed down I looked down at him and put my hands behind his head to bring him close to me. I gave him the sexiest kiss I could and told him that he had given me one of the most intense and longest orgasm's I have ever had. He told me he had wanted to do that to me since the first time we had met.
We started kissing again and I knew there was more I wanted to do. He had not yet had any release and I wanted to see if I could maneuver his cock inside me. I was a little worried that I may not be able to accommodate him inside me with the length and the thickness of his cock. I spread my legs further apart and raised my knees to get him in position and more on top of me. Paul was kissing me with all the expertise I had become accustomed to. He was slowly dry humping me with his cock between us and I could feel the underside of his shaft running along the channel my pussy made and how it rubbed against my clit. He was taking his time running his cock up and down the entire length of my pussy and I would turn my hips upward to get more contact as he worked his way up. On one of his downward strokes the tip of his dick started to enter my opening. He stopped and didn't try to push it in, maybe because I said no the other night. I reached down and grabbed his cock, rubbing it up and down and across my clit. The tip of his cock was very warm and if felt good to rub it everywhere. I pulled him toward me until I felt the head of his cock at my entrance. I could feel the head spread my lips apart and felt him go inside me about an inch. I kept my hand encased around his shaft and would pull him out, rub his head all around, and then put him back into me again about only an inch. I held on to him to make sure I controlled the speed and deep he would go in. He started to push to try and get in deeper, and I didn't want that yet. I pulled him out of me and positioned him to rub and slide on me as before. He began to hump and grind his penis between us again. His cock was sliding perfectly along my pussy up and down. Turning my hips up was giving me the friction and stimulation on my clit.
On one of his downward strokes I grabbed his waist and held him still. I raised and turned my hips up and pushed him back a little further until the head of his cock was now resting between my pussy lips and at my opening. I swiveled my hips to make sure he was aligned and grabbed his ass and pulled him to me. His cock entered me slowly and only the head was in. I kept raising and lowering my hips to get more of him inside of me and pulled him further in. I had only two inches of him inside me and I felt full. Paul started to help and pulled his cock slowly out and then pushed it back into me. He was going in a little further with each thrust, giving me time to adjust to his size and to get him fully inside me. As he was working his way inside me deeper and deeper I felt a warmth building inside me.
After slowly going back and forth I felt the base of his cock hit my clit. It felt very tight and took a long time to work him all the way into me. It was a very tight fit and it was warm but still a little uncomfortable. Paul kept his cock buried inside me and we began to grind on each other. My clit was rubbing on his pubic hair and bone, and finally it started to feel good. I felt my pussy gripping and clinging to his cock from the tight fit. He had me filled, and everywhere his cock and my pussy were in contact felt like it was pushed together tightly. Paul was starting to get into a rhythm. He would stay deep inside me and we would grind on each other. Then he would slowly pull himself back and to the point where only his head was in and slowly push back into me with his entire length. He was kissing me and I told him to roll over on his back. He pulled out and lay down on his back beside me.
I straddled him and grabbed his cock with both my hands. I was sitting on his waist and held his cock and looked at it. My fingers couldn't reach around it, and I knew it had to be longer than anything I had ever had inside me. I rose up off of his waist and held the head at my entrance. I pushed him into me and slowly sank down and took all of him inside me an inch at a time. I leaned forward onto his chest to be able to push back and down on his dick with my grinding. I felt full and stretched to the point where his cock would be as big as I could probably handle. The fullness of his shaft moving in and out of me started hitting me in places that hadn't been touched inside me. It was a very tight fit and his penis was in contact with every surface inside me stimulating my entire vagina. The head on the top of his shaft kept rubbing along my G spot sending me closer to the start of another orgasm.
I had my hands planted on his chest helping me to keep him buried deep inside me and help me rock up and down on him. Paul reached up to squeeze my breasts and toy with my nipples and told me he was getting close. I stopped moving to think about my cycle and when I was due for my period. It was a few days away so I knew for tonight I was safe from not becoming pregnant. I took his hand and brought it back to my ass and guided his finger to my hole. There was plenty of wetness all around my butt and his fingers slid easily around and inside my behind. I bent down and whispered to him that he could come inside me when he was ready. I was lying on his chest and Paul had one hand rocking my hips on his pelvic bone. The other hand was lightly fingering my ass hole. He kept his finger inside me.
Paul increased his tempo and pressure pushing me down onto him harder. I wanted to feel him cum, and told him, "cum inside me..... You can cum in me..... I want to feel your cum inside me." After I told him to cum, he tightened up and threw his head back into the pillow and let out a long groan. I felt the first, second, and third shot of his cum hit me deep inside almost simultaneously. It came out with such force that I actually felt it hit me on the inside. I distinctly felt four or five more shots shooting out and warming my insides instantly. He kept groaning and I felt that three or four more spurts come out inside me with more time between each shot. There must have been ten to twelve times I felt him cum in me. He was working his finger on my prostrate and the warmth and sheer amount of how much he ejaculated in me started my orgasm. It had been building and hit after he had shot his last load. I could feel my pussy and ass spasming together in unison with the tight contractions on his finger and cock. I must have had ten or twelve consecutive contractions in a row of my pussy around his cock. It was squeezing his cock and his finger. I started to glide up and down him a little and my spasms continued as I pumped and rode down harder on his cock. My contractions continued but slowed and became longer apart. As I started to pull more of him out of me I could feel the cum starting to leak out around the sides of his shaft and start to make a puddle on his stomach. I worked him in and out of me until my orgasm and the alternating spasms between my ass and pussy stopped. The orgasm was longer than the first one he had given me with his mouth a half hour earlier. I finally stopped cumming and lay down on his chest exhausted. We were both breathing heavily and holding each other with his cock still buried inside me and my breasts pressed into his chest. I climbed off of him and lay next to him on my side. I felt the cum inside me slowly start to leak out and onto my legs. Paul had a large puddle just above and all over his pubic hair. I was surprised at how much was still leaking out of me.
I reached over and started to touch and hold his softening cock. It still looked very large and long and felt velvety smooth with our mixed juices coating it everywhere. I never thought that I would be able to have that inside me. The feeling was very different and gave me a stronger and more intense orgasm than I am used to. Being totally filled and stretched to a point I hadn't known before brought my orgasms to a higher intensity. I told Paul that was wonderful, and thanked him for making me feel so good. My thoughts turned to my husband and how I was excited to tell him of my experiences this week. I knew he would be excited and turned on as I told him all the details of how I was seduced over the days, how I let Paul pleasure me two times and the kiss that started it all. I wondered if Ken would want to watch Paul and I have sex from where I watched him masturbate in the woods. I think he would be up for that, and I wanted to do that for him and for me. I tucked myself into Paul's side and put my arm over his chest and drifted off to sleep.
I woke up the next morning refreshed, sexually satisfied, and the slippery wetness between my legs from the cum that had been shot deep inside me. Paul was spooning me from behind and I could feel his chest slowly pressing into me as breathed deeply. I smiled and thought how good the sex had been, and how this young stud found me attractive. I thought back to the first day he was here, and how the summer had progressed to this wonderful union together. I knew Ken would be excited to hear about the happenings and knew he would want details. He was going to get so horny having me tell him in explicit detail how Paul had kissed, touched, sucked, and fucked me so perfectly and thoroughly. I knew this morning that this experience was something I didn't want to stop now that we had finally reached a point of having sex. I had decided I was going to continue to have Paul in my bed, and to fill me with his beautiful cock. I had orgasms that were stronger and lasted longer than I have had in a long time. The number of orgasms were amazing to me. It seemed as if I was truly becoming multi orgasmic. I am not sure if it was because of the variation of not being with my husband, or just being so attracted and turned on by him. Either way, I was going to make sure I would continue to be active and sexual with Paul.
It was time for me to get moving and start my day. All of these wonderful thoughts, images, and wonderful sexy experiences I have had the last month were running through my mind. I couldn't believe how this escalated to this point, but I seemed to be in a constant state of arousal. I loved being seduced, and romanced slowly over time. Paul was very smooth, and he could make my body respond simply with a look, and more with his touch and way he filled me with his cock. He was passionate, gentle, and kept me in bliss, giving me more orgasms than I can recall. I rolled and turned to face him. I started to kiss his cheeks and he awoke when I kissed his lips. He said good morning and smiled at me and began to run his fingers through my hair.
I told him I enjoyed last night, and the whole week so very much. He said it was something he thought would never happen, but was so glad I decided to let them share it together. I brought my lips back to his and gave him a passionate kiss and said I have to get going. He just looked at me with a saddened look with the realization our intimacy was coming to an end. I kissed my way to his ear, and softly told him that I want to do this again, and real soon. But with my husband coming back today, he was going to have to let me take the lead and patiently wait for me to let him know when I would be joining him in his bed.
Paul smiled and said that would work, which elicited a smile from me as well. I kissed him one last time and got up and dressed in front of him. As I was putting on my clothes, I admired this muscular, tan, young man in front of me. I searched for any kind of imperfection, but everything about him proved otherwise. I smiled to myself walking down the stairs with the satisfaction that he found me so desirable. Being seduced and lusted after for a month in the making made me feel sexy, confident, and I wanted the attention and the physical pleasure he could give me. This was going to be a wonderful summer.