My wife has told me about a few different clubbing and Halloween costumes she'd worn back in the days before we met.
Early on, her costume consisted of nothing at all. She went once as a nude sunbather, wearing only a sunhat, shaded glasses, and sandals, with a beach towel over one arm. Another time as a statue, with just a thin scarf, loose around her shoulders. Then an angel, nude but for gossamer wings and a halo. Once as Lady Godiva after a haircut. A nude scuba enthusiast, with goggles and snorkel. A naked skydiver, with a 'parachute' strapped to her back. Eve was an obvious one, with apple but no fig leaves. Then a bride, wearing only a veil and a garter. Another time as an aeroport runway, for which she provided the landing strip. Once she confused everyone by showing up simply as a nudist. And so on; each instance of total nudity had a theme.
But she eventually realised that total nudity was like a final statement, leaving not much more to say. With even minimal covering she could say so much more. So she started experimenting with creative "partial coverings" that left just a little to the imagination, or that allowed her to briefly be in public without getting stopped by authorities.
An early such costume was when she and some mates went party-hopping in military officer's caps and tunics, the tunics being barely long enough to cover her if she used both hands to tug it down. Nothing else. Really. Below the waist she was nude except for what the hem of the tunic loosely covered. The others had similar costumes and wore sheer pantyhose, but below the tunic she was the only one who went bare-bare legs, bare bum, bare puss. I asked how short the tunic really was, and she answered something about her navel showing whenever she tugged down in back to cover her bum.
The four women and three guys used public transport to get from each party to the next, and because she didn't want to put her bare bottom directly on the seats the guys took turns offering her a lap to sit on. As the evening wore on and there were fewer other people on the Metro and buses, she considered letting them get their cocks out for her to slide down onto, but realised it would not be good form to be caught fucking by the security cameras. So as she perched on their laps she settled for tipping her pelvis upward, to better expose the intimate area beneath and "wink" at the cameras with her rosebud (that's why she had waxed back there as well). She said that in this position she tried to act preoccupied in conversation with her mates while giving strangers a view straight up inside her vagina.
She remembered that the other girls' bums and twats were also visible, although through pantyhose.
(All these events took place long before cameras on mobiles, so she knew that any voyeuristic strangers would enjoy only the moment.)
She'd been a cheerleader in school, and at the end of the final match of the season the cheering squad did cartwheels and jumping splits from one end of the pitch to the other. That she was without knickers remained a secret until they went into their routine. Each time she went inverted her smooth bare crotch was on display. She said that with her legs thus spread, she could feel the inner and outer petals of her cunt wide open, but anybody had to be quick or they'd miss it. She called this maneuver her "splits with a slit". She said she had never felt so wet before, and that it must have been very apparent. She wished later that she'd arranged someone with a camera to be ready to capture the moment. Only one other girl exposed her twat in the same way, but that twat was hidden by thick blonde pubic hair. Both girls had just completed all their school requirements, so the authorities were compelled to give them their graduation certificates the next day. And they were naked under their gowns, of course.
Another time she and her date attended a private party as an artist and his model. He wore a paint-spattered smock and beret and carried a palette and some brushes in his hand. She was naked except for a thin robe like a model would pull on between poses, but left it untied. In front she carried an empty picture frame, the top edge of the frame "somewhat" hiding the tips of her breasts. She pasted a tiny merkin over her otherwise bare vulva, to give a look in keeping with a bohemian art model.
Later she reprised her "too-short tunic" look-this time as Little Red Riding Hood (her date was in a wolf suit, of course). Besides red high heels she wore a hooded red cape, tied at the neck and coming down to mid-thigh. As long as she was standing still the front panels of the cape stayed mostly in place, but as soon as she made any motion, like turning or walking, the panels parted, fleetingly exposing her from her breasts all the way to her feet. And when she danced, the cape flew up and to the sides, exposing her completely.
Since her cunt was a central part of the costume (this was where the Big Bad Wolf was supposed to start eating her up), she employed two additional features: she applied red lipstick to outline and emphasise her slit, and she inserted a clear plastic shower curtain ring inside to keep the slit wide open and prominent. The lipstick was OK until she found out later that it mixed with her wetness and made an embarrassing smear down the insides of her thighs, which she then dutifully had to clean up. But she kept the ring in.
The following year, she was Little Red Riding Hood again, but this time the hooded cape covered only her back, leaving her naked in front. Since her breasts would be exposed she rouged her nipples to make them part of the costume. But because the host had requested no bare genitals, she fashioned a small red triangle over her vaginal slit, held in place by a small tab trapped inside between her inner labia. But into the evening, it slipped down a bit, the top settling just below her clitoris, pushing it out and tickling it at the same time. She said that with the top edge of the triangle teasing her clitoris, she quietly orgasmed several times while dancing.
And she admitted that now that she had discovered a way to casually keep her clitoris out and stimulated, she considered leaving it that way for the ride home.
Those must have been the days! Wish I'd been there for all of it. Even if she might be exaggerating I always enjoy her retelling these adventures, and now I'm sharing them with you.
In reviewing this text, she made me change certain, but not all, instances of the word 'cunt' to 'vulva' or to 'vagina', whichever one applied. Likewise, she corrected the references to parts of herself, distinguishing between her inner and outer labia. 'Cunt' was acceptable only if used properly, especially if it was her own cunt. 'Twat' was OK if it was someone else's. She made me remove most occurrences of 'slit', except for when it meant her own slit as central to a particular costume or situation.
She also made me leave out her description of an orgasm she had on the bus.
I've written elsewhere of some more recent adventures, the ones I was there for. Fortunately, the flame still flickers!