Tracy's girlfriends, Chris this time.

1

As Tracy pointed out one time, her relationship with Nicky is special, and complicated. Special, it is: Nicky is in love with Tracy, you can just tell. The two of them together is so warming to see, especially when this love is expressed to each other in sensual ways, but however is nice, too. And it helps that Nicky is such a cute girl, frisky, and loves getting involved in our fantasies.
And then, there's Chris. I don't know if it's love...but she, too, is drawn to Tracy, maybe more fueled by a craving for contact that only Tracy can provide. She's cute, alright, with this very fair skin and dark hair, a longer body type, and physically active in most things, not that you'd expect that just by looking. I think it's Tracy's power that draws her, the strength that Tracy has.
That played out in the afternoon that I caught them, after a landscaping session, where they'd gone inside, gotten playful, and continued with Tracy claiming Chris with a feeldoe, satisfying her craving by holding Tracy close and being able to writhe and gyrate with that smooth shaft inside her, their loins pressed together so tightly. It was hot to watch, that goes without saying. But it also cemented Chris between us, I think, since Chris actually enjoyed being "caught", and loved me watching her, putting her arms overhead, becoming so vocal in her pleasuring, and wanting me to see how fully she was being satisfied. It was quite a sight, all right, my first full view of naked Chris, and with my gorgeous curvy girl pleasuring her that way.
A great thing was that it was obvious that Chris wanted me there, to show me how she felt, and wanting my acceptance of sharing this part of Tracy with her. I gave her a light kiss on the forehead to reassure her, then held her hands, pinning her arms, while Tracy coaxed a powerful orgasm from her, and summoned one of her own. I left them at that point, still naked sexy girls, entwined and actually laughing at the great time they'd just had. And the outcome, too, felt great: Chris craved playtime with Tracy, and wanted me included, and we'd find a way to keep satisfying this longing now and then.
But this then went kind of quiet. We stopped seeing Chris as often, outside of Tracy's work, and everyone got busy with other things. The occasional "sudsy Chris" story, as they showered together after a workout during the weekday, but even those stopped when they started using different gyms.
Tracy didn't forget, though, and recently, again showed how she's so perfect for me. It was just a random Saturday morning; I'd awakened sort of frisky, which had led to me wanting to perform for her. I'd stripped naked, and setup my pillow "saddle" in front of her so Tracy could watch. She had her man in front of her, with my erect cock in my lotioned hand, and focusing on showing her my orgasm. When I do this, Tracy likes to encourage me, and I love what she dreams up to say.
This time, she talked about Chris, in that so-soft voice she uses for these moments. She said, "I'll bet Chris would love to watch you do this, like I do. I don't think she's seen a boy cum in front of her, like you'd show her. I could invite her over sometime to watch you. I bet I could get her to get naked for us, she's not shy at the gym and I've seen she's not shy with you, from that time you caught us. You'd like to see her that way again, I know. Her skin is so soft, and so fair; I don't know how she never seems to have tan lines, always just supple white skin. She has really nice breasts, not that large, just a nice shape and...with pink nipples. She likes to tease me in the shower, getting her breasts all soapy and slick, and caressing them, asking if this is the shot Ryan would like to see? She's shaved, too, just nice white skin there. Her skin looks so soft, and it really is...it feels so good when I help her shower." That was just perfect, both in painting that mental image for me, and that situation, but also my baby letting me have that fantasy of naked Chris, and to let me cum for her. And yes, I came fast and fully!
A few mentions since, and it's clear we need to spend some more time with Chris. That led to another great evening, and I have to tell you about it.

2

Chris had a solo weekend night, so Tracy invited her out for drinks and dinner, and to "hang out". Chris readily accepted, of course and came over to see us. We had nice hugs at the door, a good dinner from the grill, then some nice frozen drinks from the blender. It was nice to see Chris and Tracy visiting when I'd come and go from the grill, sometimes sitting closely on the couch, or hugging in the kitchen. Then once, with Tracy seated, and Chris leaning over the back of the chair, arms folded around Tracy and whispering something to her. Hmmm...it looked like a plan was being made. It was, as I soon found out. And yes, that was an eyeful of Chris, leaned over the back of the chair, with her little shorts becoming very short indeed, and nice calves as she stood on tiptoes to whisper to Tracy.
We were all a little buzzed after dinner, maybe more than a little, sorta watching TV while we sat on the great room couch. Chris had actually sat down between Tracy and I, all cozy like, and started...well, provoking us, in a fun sort of way. Asking Tracy if she liked her shorts...was her tank top the right color for her. Chris asked me about her pedicure, what did I think, was that a good polish color for her? (Hmmm...Tracy must have filled Chris in on my foot fixation). For me it was yes to all three: very cute (and tiny) shorts, that top looked great on her, that is a nice nail color, and by the way, I'd love to get my hands on her feet, thanks for asking!
Tracy said, "Oh, Chris, you should let him give you a foot massage, it's wonderful!" and with that, Chris swung around to get her feet into my lap, and of course was sort of also laying across Tracy's lap. Not that she minded. Curiously, there was a bottle of lotion right there on the end table (imagine that...these girls had done some planning!) so it was easy for me to apply some to my hands and take the first of Chris' feet into my hands.
I'm guessing this was a new experience for her, given her ooh'ing and aah'ing, and clearly I was pleasing her with this touch. And, okay, it was a rush for me as well; Chris has very nice feet, long enough, nicely shaped, fun to play with, and it didn't take long for me to start getting erect. As I changed to the other foot, leaving that one in my lap, it wasn't an accident that I placed it firmly against my hard member, and Chris had to notice that. I massaged the other one, thoroughly, and Chris really seemed to like that part where I get my lotioned fingers between the toes and give them a nice stretch. Finished, now just sort of stroking her feet in my lap, Chris swung them down, then leaned in to give Tracy a kiss, saying, "Thanks for asking him to do that...it felt great!" Chris then kissed Tracy again, longer. And then, leaned over to me, wrapping her arms around my neck, saying, "You don't mind, do you? It's such a rush to get to spend time with Tracy...and you". Um, no, I don't mind at all, and after a fairly tender kiss from Chris on my cheek, I managed to get out some words to that effect.
Tracy then stood up, and took Chris by the hand, and she rose to go with Tracy. But not before Chris extended a hand to me, saying, "you're coming, too". Yum, apparently playtime was commencing!
We went to the bedroom, of course, and with a bit more whispering, I was asked to step outside for a moment so they could "set the scene". Some rustling and movement, and I was invited back in.
Apparently, it's a day at the beach. Or near a pool for sure, because these naughty girls had switched to swimwear while I was out. Tracy had on this tiny, killer yellow bikini that I'd gotten for her when we were dating and she really rocks it. She used to wear it to the apartment pool with me; there was that day when that whole crew of Air Force reserve guys was hanging out there, and they got an eyeful from my curvy girl!
Then Chris: my oh my, Tracy had outfitted her with that tiny, blue WW suit I'd gotten for her. She was something to see in it, all right, very "out there", since that whole suit could fit in a standard business envelope. The tiniest thong for a bottom too, it's a good thing that Chris does shave. I knew what Tracy was thinking: how best to provoke Ryan, while having a lot of fun with Chris, and she knows me so well. Putting Chris into this tiny suit was a great start!
Tracy led Chris to the bed, gave her a deep kiss, and sort of pulled her down on top of her, and began to kiss and caress her. It was so hot to see Tracy stroke Chris, down that small curve of her back and over her thong'd ass. Chris then moved to one side, so that she'd be able to stroke Tracy, her slender hands tracing the outline of Tracy's nice rack, then touching Tracy's tender parts through her suit. Tracy then went for the ties of Chris' suit, first the top, and slipping that off, then each side of the bottom, and peeling it from between her cheeks. Now-naked Chris gave Tracy another great kiss, then went to peel her yellow suit also, then placing Tracy on her back, and began kissing her tummy...and below.
Of course that was a great view as I watched Chris start to tongue Tracy, two naked girls being filled with passion and with that great sound track of the breathing and sounds of sex underway. Tracy loves being tongued, I love pleasuring her like that, yet it was a whole different experience watching Chris arouse and stimulate her. I was treated to that wonderful sight, and great sounds, of my curvy girl being coaxed to an orgasm, but then also...well, there's another naked girl in the room who enjoys you watching. Wow did they look good together!
But from last time, I know what Chris was wanting, and it didn't take much longer to get to that point. Chris coaxed two or three orgasms from Tracy, and my lioness was then ready to help give Chris what she wanted. She reached under the pillow for the feeldoe (of course it was right there, why wouldn't it be?) and made a great show of inserting it. It does look great when she's wearing it, and I know she did that both for me, who loves that look when Tracy wears a cock; and for Chris, who could now anticipate what was coming for her.
Tracy applied some slippery to her hand, and, cuddling Chris to her, began stroking Chris between her legs, softly at first, then more purposefully to arouse her softest parts. I loved how Chris wrapped her arms around Tracy while she was being cuddled, making it look almost tender how they were holding one another while Tracy gave Chris her first climax of the session. It must be that Tracy likes to hear Chris ask to be fucked, because Chris did so, very distinctly. Tracy and Chris unwrapped, with Chris lying on her back, knees slightly bent. Tracy then moved between her legs, parting them even more, and slowly inserted her shaft while giving Chris a deep kiss. With the first few thrusts, both girls reacted to having that firm tool pleasuring them, Chris now pulling her knees high to her chest, being able to take the full length inside her. Oh yes, it was great to see this again; this was about the point that I'd walked in on them last time, but without seeing all the buildup. They look beautiful fucking, just as you'd think.
Tracy came first, and I think that inspired Chris, who suddenly pulled Tracy's bare chest to hers and came with a beautiful shudder. Fully spent now, with some tender kissing...and again, some laughter and acknowledging how awesome it is to be able to do this.
They hadn't forgotten that I was there...during all this, I'd had some great eye contact with both of them from time to time, and again you could see that both Chris and Tracy enjoyed me watching them. Tracy untangled from Chris a bit, and said, "I'll bet you'd have something you could show us, after all this...I know Chris would want to see it". Hell yes, I do. "And, you've got naughty, sudsy Chris right there, already naked and warm...with feet you massaged so nicely a little while ago. I'll bet she hasn't seen *that*."
No, she hasn't. And probably no one has, but Tracy. Dayum, what a great idea that was. Tracy placed a pillow under Chris' head so she could see, and lay down beside her again, just playfully stroking her hair and breasts. As I undressed, I asked Chris to place her feet together, and that I wanted to have her feet cradle my boy parts while I performed. She broke into a big smile, so cute, and seemed amazed about it...like how would this work?...and of course she'd soon see. I lotioned my hands, and then knelt naked at her feet, massaging her toes mostly and getting them ready. Asking her to be mostly still, and to keep her ankles pretty stiff, I straddled her feet and slowly lowered myself onto them.
I love doing this with Tracy; it puts my boy parts onto a girl part that's a favorite. It also puts great pressure right on *that spot* that's there from the balls of her feet, and gets "the boys" cradled, basically each one cradled by the toes of each foot. And makes my cock really stand out as the focus of the act. Oh, it's delicious, all right, a very favorite, and it was a rush to share this with Chris. She caught on right away, perfectly, no concerns now that she'd accidentally kick me into next week, so I could just relax, enjoy, and focus on the pleasure. All the images played in a loop: the couch playfulness, the swimsuits, the foreplay, the thorough pleasuring, and now I was mounted as I was, touching Chris, with naked Chris in front of me being stroked by my naked curvy girl. I could have stayed there a while, for sure.
But, no, that was all too overpowering. And, while I didn't explicitly warn Chris that her legs would be getting a dose at the close of this performance, it shouldn't have been a surprise. And wasn't, really, as I pumped several cumshots onto her soft legs. She giggled that it was so warm, and that it was amazing to help me express myself like that, again thanking Tracy for sharing that part of me with her. I went for some warm, damp towels to help us all clean up, and made a point of removing my own sexy mess from Chris.
So...it was good to remember Chris, and how much fun it can be with her. My Tracy is the perfect girl.