****Introduction****
This story is based on a couple in a long distance relationship. He is a dominate male and over the road trucker. She is a submissive sub with traits of a little. The two characters in this story have been dating for a few months. They have met before and have agreed to meet this time using the dom/sub roles.
Thank you for reading my story and I hope you enjoy it.
*
I wake up with a smile on my face. Today is the day. Its been a month and half since we held each other last. Our schedules haven't lined up. But today you are picking me up and whisking me away. I am going to South Carolina to help my friends move to Tennessee with me. You are giving me a lift there. The drive itself is less then 8 hrs but you are going to keep me overnight. I am so excited!
I've got an hour to get ready before you pick me up. I get out of bed and take a shower. I make sure everything is shaved and smelling good for you. I have been instructed to bring both of my vibrators and my blind fold. For good measure I pack my massage oil too. After all we will have most of the day and all of the night together.
I hope to act on a day dream I told you about. I pack clothes to help my friend move, but for you I wear one of my dresses for the office. It is brown with blue flowers all over it. It is knee length and has a deep v neck. I wear it with nothing underneath. I french braid my hair in hopes of keeping it out of my mouth this time. It also makes me look a little younger. I give myself a once over in the mirror and the door bell rings. I open it and find you standing there with my favorite flower combination .... sunflowers and red roses, and a teddy bear. I smile, look you up and down and greet you with a hug and kiss. I quickly put the flowers in water and we are on our way out.
Like a real daddy, you help me into the cab of your semi truck. You even help me with my seat belt buckle. We have been on the road about 20 mins. Talking and holding hands. Thoroughly enjoying each others company. You ask me if I have missed daddy while hes been away and I smile really big and nod. I unbuckle my seat belt and move to the edge of my seat. I run my finger down your cheek and through your beard and down your neck and tell you all the ways I have missed you. This makes you very happy.
You tell me to let you see my pussy and you will know if I am telling the truth about missing you, because my pussy should be wet for you. I rise up for a moment and lift the back of my dress up over my ass ( so I am not sitting on it) and lean back against the window. My legs are spread open, bent and propped up on the seat and the dash. I smile at you knowing my pussy is wet. I can smell my arousal. I lift the front of my skirt up and reveal my fat freshly shaved pussy to you. You suck in a sharp breath and reach over and stroke the landing strip of hair I left for you. You ask me to spread it open so you can get a better look. and you smile and tell me I'm such a good girl when you see my pussy glisten in the light. I tell you thank you daddy. I really did miss you. My pussy has been missing you since the last time you pulled out of it.
We have about 20 mins to go before we arrive at your drop off location for the load you are carrying. You ask me if I brought my toys as I was instructed. I say yes daddy. You tell me to get them out and lay them on your lap. I do as I am told and steal a quick kiss from you when I lay the toys on your lap. You tell me to sit back in my seat like I was before. I say yes daddy and do what you asked. You tell me to stroke my pussy and listen. I lazily stroke my pussy lips up and down and twirl my little patch of hair with my fingers. You tell me that from here till the time we pull up to your drop off point I am to keep playing with my pussy and that every time I stop, it will be 1 spanking across your lap with as many swats as you want.
You tell me you will hand me my toys and tell me when and where to use them. I reply yes daddy and continue to slowly stroke my pussy. Your instructions made me wetter then I was. You see me blush and ask me to tell you what I am thinking. Daddy I was thinking about how the drivers of cars and regular trucks wont be able to see me play with my pussy for you but some of the other truckers might and that causes you to smile, one of those smiles that lights up your whole face. You then tell me, I know little one, that's part of what makes this so exciting.
You look down and notice that my hand is resting on my thigh and not on my pussy. You rub your hands together and get excited as you tell me it looks like I just earned today's first spanking. My jaw hangs open as I realize you are right. I apologize to you and start rubbing it again. You tell me that's a good girl. A few miles down the road you tell me to spread my pussy open with one hand and finger it with the other. That I am only allowed to use one finger , I do as I am told. After a few mins another driver pulls up next to us and stays right there for several mins. I can tell he is watching me, You wave at him and hand me my pink toy.You have me pull my tits out of the top of my dress so he can see them. You tell me to lick and suck on my pink vibrator and then use it on my clit. I turn bright pink and do as I am told. You tell me you love it when I blush, and that makes me smile.
By the time we pull up to your drop off location, I've got the pink toy in my pussy and the blue one on my clit. I have managed to earn only one spanking and I am panting hard trying not to cum. You announce that we are here and that I am to put my blue toy up and sit with the pink toy vibrating on my asshole. I am to pretend like nothing is happening or has happened while you drop off this load. I fix my dress and do as I am told. A few mins later you are needed outside. You instruct me to be on my knees ass up, face down, legs spread with the back of my dress pulled up, on your bed in the cab of the truck when you return.
When you return, my feet are hanging off the edge of the bed as I try to get my ass close to the edge as possible. You get into your seat and drive the truck off the lot and pull over down the road. After you shut the truck down you come join me in the back. I am still in the position i was instructed. You rub each of my ass cheeks and you talk to me . You tell me that even though I have been a good girl for you, I still earned a spanking and that I am going to get my spankings a little while later because right now you are going to eat my pussy and plug my ass for it to be used later. I squirm with delight! Yes daddy please eat my pussy.
You go to your drawer and pull out a small plug that you ordered for me. It says Daddy's Girl on it. You also pull out some lube. You sit on your knees and bury your face in my pussy as you eat it. you use your tongue and your fingers on me. you tell me not to cum. You put the plug in my pussy and tell me to stay still.
you gently lay your finger on my asshole and start to play with it. You alternate playing between my pussy and my ass. As I start to relax you put a little lube on my ass hole ans start working your finger in it.
It stings a little as you work your finger into my ass. You talk to me calmly and rub my back or clit. You tell me I'm being such a good girl for daddy. You tell me I'm going to look so good with my plug in my ass. You pull the plug slowly out of my pussy and then give my pussy a few more licks. You tell me how good it taste and then I feel your finger slide out of my ass and you replace it with my pink vibrator. You tell me it wont be long now and you stand up and lean across my back and give me a long kiss.You tell me how tight my little ass is and that you have to work your way up to the plug and then to your cock later. You squeeze my tits and tell me you have missed me and how you cant wait to use my ass for the first time. You tell me that, if it doesn't fell good after a few moments that I need to let you know. Yes daddy is all I say. I am a little nervous about it.
My ass is vibrating and you are squeezing my tits, you kiss me again and ask me if I am felling good. I moan yes daddy. You work the toy deeper into my ass and play with my clit for a few mins. I start panting and moaning more. You slowly slide the toy out and make sure the plug is all lubed up. You start working the plug into my ass and I tell you it stings a little daddy. You tell me not to worry that you will make me feel so good. That you cant wait to be inside me. After what seems like forever you finally get the toy in my ass. You tell me not to move and you step up front. Next thing I know I hear the flash of your phone as you take a picture of my ass with the plug in it. You tell me it is for you to use later. You show me the picture and smile.
You tell me to lay on my back and scoot over. So I do and you join me in the bed. We curl up in each others arms and kiss. Your hands roam my body and my hands roam yours. I rub your cock and you uncover my nipples. You play with them for a few minutes and I ask to suck your cock. You allow it but tell me you are going to make me cum in a few mins an then we hit the road.
I slide down to your waist and pull your cock out of your pants and start sucking it. After a few minutes you tell me that's enough and you start fingering my pussy. You tell me to cum on your hands or I will earn another spanking. Yes daddy I'll cum for you I'll cum all over your hand daddy. You finger me harder and faster. and I start squirming and ride your hand. You tell me I look so beautiful and to cum now. I cum all over your hand. You sweetly clean me up and tell me that the plug is staying in for now.
You tell me to lay across your lap. It's time to get my first spanking over with. I drop my gaze to the floor and silently pout as I lay across your lap. You lift my dress up over my ass and rub it gently. You tap on the pug a few times and then dip your fingers into my pussy. You remind me that I am getting spanked because I was bad. That I am to do what I am told when I am told to do it. And then your hand comes down sharply on my left cheek. I start to cry. You rub my cheek for a brief moment and then you rapidly start slapping my ass in a circular motion. I am crying, tears are covering my face. I start to wiggle around trying to pull away. You hold me tighter and tell me to be still or this will continue. I quickly go as still as I can. My ass is glowing red and stings. You let my ass cheeks rest for a minuet and start working the plug in and out of my ass. I start gasping for air. You suddenly stop and administer a quick round of swats on my cheeks, you start to cares it. You spread my legs open and stroke the slit of my pussy. You find it's slick. You tell me the spanking must not have been that bad since I am all wet again. I blush. You give my pussy one slap and then set me up right on your lap. You kiss my forehead and hold me close.
A little while later we get into our seats and hit the road. Hours go by. We laugh and joke and play. You have me flash a few helpless truck drivers. You let me play and flirt with other truckers on your CB radio. It's a pretty good afternoon.
We reach South Carolina and check into a hotel. You playfully smack my ass which causes me to wince and jump while we are checking into the hotel. As we walk towards are room you apologize to me and tell me you forgot about the plug. You wrap your arm around my shoulders and kiss the top of my head.
Once we get into the room you pull me in for a hug and kiss me from that moment on we cant keep our hands off of each other.