Lucy stood on the southbound platform as Seven Sisters, the evening had not exactly got to plan, she was supposed to flash, then expose herself more fully to a few men on the tube, dressed like a slut, it had worked brilliantly for the first guy, but the second had taken it a lot further, and when the train got stuck in the tunnel fucked her raw, it took her 15 minutes of walking around the station to get herself feeling ok afterwards. He had wrote in a sharpie on the top of her butt cheeks 'Anal Slut' and his phone number. Lucy had already text that number a thank you, but she did wish he had not kept her knickers, she felt very exposed, after talking to Stuart they had agreed the best thing now was to go home.
Warm wind hit her as the train burst into the station, she was relieved, and even more so when her and Stuart were the only people that got on their carriage. The journey to Finsbury Park was incredibly quick compared to their journey up. When the doors opened the noise on the platform was a lot more than expected, and before she knew it about 20 men and a few girls got on to their section of the train, they were all dress in a similar way, with a blue bandana head scarf that they all seemed to wear in a different way, nobody else got on, Lucy felt very threatened, although none of them sat close to them.
As the doors closed, one guy that the other seemed to be deferring to, walked up, he leaned over and said, 'you a working girl? This your John?'
'No,' Lucy said, 'I am a housewife and this is my husband!'
'You don't look like any housewife I ever seen,' he replied, as the train moved off.
'We were out to an event,' Lucy lied, the best thing she could come up with in the moment.
His hand came down lifted her skirt as he said, 'what, with no knickers?' taking a good look at her exposed pussy.
'Somebody stole them,' she said, which was true.
'Nah, nah, you are compensating for the fact you can't get off on the once a month that your less than average husband here, sticks his small cock in you,' he said laughing, and the group around that could hear all laughed too. Then there was some secondary laughing as those further away were told what he said.
'I bet I could take all of you,' Lucy blurted out before she realised what she was saying.
'You think you can take these 20 dicks?' he said, dismissively, and pointed at a big lad, 'Jonesy there has a ten inch cock, think you could take that down your throat or up your arse, girl?'
There was more laughter, then one of the girls shouted, 'yeah he does, shame he knows nothing about what to do with it!'
The carriage roared with laughter, and the guy that had been pointed at said, 'fuck you Brandy!'
'I'd take him balls deep and love every inch,' Lucy said, sounding far cockier than she felt.
'On the seat, turn around,' he instructed. Lucy didn't actually want to, but she got back in the same position that the guy fucked her earlier. A roar went up in the carriage.
'My name is Shane, so you know what to scream in a minute,' he said as he lifted her skirt, he stopped when he read the words there, then said 'Anal Slut! Not this time, but we will destroy that little arsehole by the time we let you go.' Whoops went up around the carriage at that.
He unzipped his fly and released a pretty average cock, he slapped her pussy a couple of times and then unceremoniously shoved it into Lucy's pussy, and balls deep on the first thrust, Lucy gasped, clear discomfort in the noise.
He pounded at her hard, she again used the window to stop herself moving forward, and then the train emerged into Highbury station. Shane made no attempt to stop and carried on thrusting her, she whizzed past people to quickly for them to really see what was happening, but as the train came to a stop, she came face to face with a man who seemed to look through her to want was happening behind her, or more accurately was happening to her behind. She didn't make any eye contact and he didn't move even when the doors opened, the gang members prevented anybody else from getting on, telling them to fuck off to the next carriage. As the doors closed the guy was still standing there, watching her getting fucked. His head moved when the train moved off, but he was gone in moments.
Lucy could not believe that just happened, or how amazingly horny it made her, she was dripping, and Shanes thrusting had little to do with it. She moved her hand and rubbed, she needed to cum, and it could not hurt massaging the ego of the leader.
'You got some nice tight pussy here,' Shane said, 'you really think it will take twenty of us, and that arse of yours is going to be mine too.'
'Bring it on,' she moaned, as she felt her orgasm rising, 'take you all twice,' which she knew she couldn't, bravado kicking it.
Lucy had no idea where that bravado came from, she was really worried that after earlier she would struggle with a few of them. But she was well on her way to cumming and that was making her optimistic. She pressed harder, his cock was doing the right things, just a little slowly, but her compensation worked, she tensed, and moaned loudly as she climaxed, she felt she pussy squeeze his cock, as roars broke out, and a chant of, 'Go Shane!' broke out, they obviously thought he was responsible for her orgasm. Didn't really matter, and moments later she felt him splatter all over her pussy.
'Get yourself sorted love, we are going on a little walk at Kings Cross. Is he coming to watch,' he said pointing at Stuart.
'Yes he is,' she replied.
Lucy did not feel that comfortable, she had cum splattered across her pussy, and tops of her legs, but she stood and straighten her skirt, Stuart stood next to her. The train slowed into Kings cross, and the group left the tube, Lucy and Stuart walked in amongst the gang, and followed them through the station, they appeared to be heading for the new part of the station, then in the middle of a tunnel between lines, the front of the group seemed to disappear to the left. As she got there it was a maintenance door, there were hundreds of them all across the tube network, they were usually locked, but this one was open and they all ducked inside.
The area inside was large, it was mostly tunnel, but had a big space that clearly used to be an intersection, closed off at all the exits except the one they had entered.
'Where are we,' Lucy asked.
'Old part of the tunnels between platforms, it was closed when they build the new part of the station. Lewis's old man has a key as a maintenance manager, we took a copy, and here we are,' Shane said, 'nobody knows we are here, and as far as anybody else is concerned this is still closed off from all exits.'
Lucy marvelled at how much they had got in here, there were chairs and tables, a load of lights of different types, even a sofa. Somewhere a kettle boiled, it was quite amazing, and she was lead to a seat a little way in.
'So you really going to let whoever wants to, fuck you?' Shane voice made clear there genuinely was a choice here.
'Said I would,' she replied.
'Come on then you dirty bitch,' said one of the guys that had walked in with from the tube, he slapped a table that was a few feet away from where she was currently sitting. She got up and walked to the table, it looked pretty sturdy, and she jumped up to sit on it.
The guy that had spoken grabbed her top and pulled it up and off, throwing it to Stuart who was sitting in the seat she had just vacated.
'My god, those tits are fucking amazing,' he said and promptly buried his head between them, then with more care, moved to her left boob and licked the nipple, playing with it with his tongue.
His hand moved down and found her pussy, then her clit, he was only mid-twenties, but knew what he was doing, she moaned as he pressed just the right spot, she was torn between the feeling that this would be fun, and the feeling that she would be completely damaged at the end, but either way this was not what she had planned. She looked around and a significant number of the people around were watching, that made her shudder with pleasure, she wanted to be watched.
Lucy loved the attention her tits were getting from this guy, she was confident they were her best feature, and she was glad he was enjoying them.
'You like my tits then?' Lucy said.
He looked up from what he was doing, and said, 'errr, yes they are just awesome.'
'Want to fuck them?' Lucy continued, and laid back on the table.
The guy did not respond, but he climbed onto the table with her, and took his rock hard cock out of his trousers. In moments he had straddled Lucy and pushed his cock down between her tits, she squeezed her tits together around his cock, and he started to tit fuck her. She played with her nipples as he moved, really loving the attention her tits were getting, she looked around and there were at least 15 people, male and female watching.
However, this guy climbing on her seemed to signal that she was open for business, she could not see but her skirt was undone and removed, she was now laying on the table in stockings and suspenders. A cock pressed against her lips then in a heartbeat she was being fucked. The rhythm was fast and she didn't think she would be getting much out of it, almost like the person fucking her needed to get done before she changed her mind.
The guy with his dick between her tits was taking more care, and she was enjoying his slower more sensual movements, he was making the most of this, slowly moving to get sensations flowing.
A voice from around the room somewhere shouted out, 'Hey Jonny, get a move on, you know there is a queue right?'
The guy on her shouted back, 'Fuck you Harry, I ain't no two second wonder like you! She will be here until morning if needed.'
Lucy had no intention of being here until morning, but the banter around the room continued and the mood and atmosphere seemed to relax.
Jonny had picked up the pace a little and she could see pre-cum so knew he would not be much longer. Her legs were suddenly picked up and she found them on the shoulders of the guy fucking her, it tipped Jonny forward a little and the slight change of angle seemed work for him. After three or four more thrusts between her tits he took his cock in his hand and wanked for a couple of moments before cum blasted out over her face.
As Jonny climbed off she could see the guy fucking her, he was a little older, but still not 30, he had his eyes closed and was pounding, she moved her hand and rubbed her clit, looking around and feeling excited by the people watching. A guy approached the side and shuffled her to the edge of the table, much to the annoyance of the guy fucking, but a cock was in her mouth before she knew it.
A firm grip was taken of her head and she was face fucked, from the second thrust she gaged, and coughed and choked for a few moments before she was able to cope with the rough fucking her face was getting, she was gagging constantly, but managing it, the roughness of this completely took her attention away from her clit, her rubbing became half-hearted. She realised that the image of Caroline being face fucked in the spa was exactly what she looked like now, and at the time she never dreamed she would let that happen, let alone like it.
She heard a female voice from the people around, 'Christ if it is left to you boys, the bitch is never going to cum.'
Moments later a much softer hand with delicate skin slipped across her pubic area, and complemented her hand, at rubbing her clit, it was skilled and delicate, Lucy flinched in response to the touch, but then pushed into it. It rubbed for a few moments, then as the cock in her pussy withdrew, the hand moved away and pulled her hand with it, just in time for cum to spray across her, up as far as her navel.
'For Fucks Sake, Elliot,' the female voice said, sounding really pissed off.
A tissue or some sort of cloth wiped her pussy and clit, but not the wider spray away, Lucy really could not see what was happening, and her attention was focused on the cock in her mouth, then long hair and soft skin was between her legs, and a tongue was on her clit, it licked for a moment then was removed.
'Eat some pineapple Elliot, you salty fuck,' the female voice shouted, and then the tongue was back, skilled, delicate and teasing.
Lucy responded straight away to the tongue, it was so in tune with her, the feeling it creating almost making her forget she was gagging on a cock that was about to burst, although he seemed to keep going for so long before he withdrew and his load was splashing against her, some on her face, but most was in her hair. She tried to ignore it, and focus on the tongue, she moaned as the pressure from it increased, she looked and the head of a girl, maybe about 21 was between her legs, dark hair that flowed with her movements.
Lucy moaned again, but was moved back on the table and another guy that she had not seen before climbed on cock between her tits.
'Hey Jonny, you started a trend,' somebody shouted to laughter.
The guy pushed her tits together around his cock and she held him as he started rocking back and forth, but her mind was taken away from that by the sudden increase in the tongues flicking on her clit.
'Jesus Christ,' Lucy moaned, and shook as her climax started, but she could not move from the guy sitting on her, and the girl did not let up, she pressure increased, and much as Lucy tried to move to release the pressure she could not, her hands moved and gripped the table, she knew her knuckles would be white her nails digging in as the intensity of the orgasm just kept rising and she screamed out.
Her breathing was shallow and fast and she could barely focus on anything, she closed her eyes the swirling that was happening was not helping and she still could not break the pressure on her clit, which was on fire now, it felt like a lit match was being held to it as her climax just stretched out, she felt tears roll down her face, the world now closing in on her.
There was just darkness, her clit was exploding, and she was not in her body, then the pressure realised, her muscles relaxed, and she sucked in air, almost chocking on the oxygen.
It took a few moments for her breathing to calm and she said, 'what the fuck was that?'
The female voice said, 'that was how you do it!' There was whoops from around the room.
Lucy was still struggling with the aftermath of that orgasm when another cock was in her pussy, and started pounding away. The guy doing it that Lucy could not see pressed her clit a couple of times, it was not delicate, or finessed and she shook, her clit still being super sensitive from whatever it was that the girl had done.
The guy fucking her tits was also clearly enjoying himself, 'why can't I get a girl with tits like these?' he asked, nobody in particular, Lucy smiled at him, but from somewhere in the crowd the answer came back, 'because you are a fat fuck!'
Lucy didn't think he was fat at all, he was not overly squashing her or anything, and didn't look tubby, and she smiled at him again.
'Can you smile like that when I cum?' he asked. She nodded, confident it would not be too much longer for him.
She looked at Stuart, who was sitting watching, somebody had got him a beer, and he looked very pleased at what was happening. Lucy was not actually that bothered with the fucking, she wasn't getting a huge amount out of it, but the being watched by so many people that was having a seriously nice effect on her.
When she looked back, to the other side of her there was a lad wanking, but he didn't try to force his cock in her mouth, he probably couldn't have without moving her anyway.
The guy on top of her that was now really close to cumming, said, 'what the fuck you doing?'
The wanking lad replied, 'I don't really want to fuck her, but I do want to cover that beautiful face in cum.'
The lad on top, shrugged and released she cock from her tits, she smiled as he directed his spray at her mouth, lots of his cum hit her mouth and teeth, and she swallowed, but it also sprayed her chin and some when up her nose. As she coughed at that she felt her pussy tighten significantly in three sharp jerks around the cock that was in it.
'Oh Jesus,' the guy fucking moaned and she felt cum spray into her, he withdrew as he was still pumping cum out, and she felt some dribble down into her arse.
Both the men on her, got off, and for a few moments she was left looking at the guy wanking over her face. But before he could cum she was moved, and found herself turned over and basically bent over the table, she looked and the one they had called Jonesy earlier was the one that moved her.
The guy wanking moved and was once again aiming at the face, he was clearly close to cumming, he said, 'open up, I want to see that pretty face.'
Lucy opened her mouth, and waited for about 20 seconds with her eyes closed before cum hit her face, but his aim was not that bad and most of it went in her mouth, she swallowed it. She was distracted from that by a shout from the other side of the room.
'Don't be going anywhere need that arse Jonesy, that is mine,' she could not see but was sure it was Shane.
A cock pushed against her pussy, it was Jonesy, as it pushed in she could tell it was not an ordinary cock, it was big. He pushed up and the pressure was huge, she started to try and move a bit she felt so full. He stopped and withdrew to the head then thrust in again, she was sure her feet were lifted off the floor, and she screamed out. There was some laughter, then a girl shouted, 'See, told you he didn't know how to use it.' There was more laughter.
Jonesy leant in and said, 'I don't want to hurt you, it is mostly in, I do know what I am doing, it's just a little too big for most girls.'
She tried to relax into him but it was hard his cock was massive and she had never taken anything like this. He thrust gently and did a couple of withdraw completely out and then back in again, she had no way to describe how it felt. She was focused on his movements and his hand coming under to rub her clit, when another guy appeared in front of her with his hard cock in his hand. He moved towards her mouth, but made no attempt to face fuck her, he simply let her start licking it and taking it into her mouth, her hand on it, wanking him into her mouth. She took more of him in and gave him the best blowjob she knew how too.
Jonesy was more capable, and his rubbing was good she moaned around the dick in her mouth, Jonesy wasn't comfortable in her pussy, but he was being careful. She leaned into his hand, as he twisted her clit, the feelings from that shooting through her body. She looked around and there were still a good few watching, there seemed to be some interest in her ability to take Jonesy.
She moaned again, Jonesy was obviously determined to make her cum, prove, Brandy she thought it was, wrong. The moan motivated him and he really picked up the pressure on her clit. The guy in her mouth was now gently thrusting into her mouth, it was easy to take, and she was still licking and flicking at his cock as it moved in and out, she was wanking it with her hand too, and he was definitely not far from finishing.
Jonesy was really working her and she knew she was going to cum, she took the cock out of her mouth to moan as she tensed and shook, she climaxed the intensity more than she expected, the one earlier was still having an effect on her body.
Jonesy roared, as he pulled out and sprayed cum all over her arse and pussy, he clearly had a huge load, she felt it running down her legs to her stockings. A cheer went up around the room. Lucy lay on the table, taking the guy in front of her back into her mouth. She wanked him hard, the feeling of cum running down her arse and legs playing on her mind as she did, but there was no time another cock was already pushing into her pussy.
The guy in front pulled out of her mouth and said, 'lift yourself up.'
Lucy did as instructed, and he wanked his cock onto her tits, yet more cum spraying across her upper body and running down her tits and across her nipples. As the guy walked away and she laid back down she felt cum squishing on her tits, as it was squashed between table and her.
She guy behind felt so small after Jonesy, but he was hammering hard, she didn't think he would last long, and to cap it all she had completely lost track of how many she had taken.
The guy behind was ripped away from her, and she was roughly flipped over, a big guy, was standing there, he dropped his trousers and rudely shoved his cock into her, ramming up forcefully and making her grunt.
He turned to the much smaller man that had obviously been the one pulled away, and said, 'go fuck her tits.'
The smaller man walked around and got on the table, and then the first guy said, 'nah, turn the other way, I wanna see her rocking tits, not your hairy arse.'
Almost before she knew what was happening a hairy arse was in her face, and a cock squashed between her tits, the view was not great, and it certainly put her off cumming, but the commotion had drawn more attention back to her, which she loved. As the guy rocked back and forth on her tits she could feel cum being massaged into her skin, it was both nasty, and a thought that turned her on. The big guy was ramming hard, but she could not see him now, her pussy was starting to feel a little sore and over used, but she knew she had a good few more to service yet.
The girl returned and she felt her hand back on her clit, 'don't worry I will make sure you get something out of these two lugs,' she said, although Lucy could not see her.
There was some very delicate play going on with her pussy, and then her clit, then the girl said, 'you cum on me Clint and I will cut your balls off, understand?'
'Yeah, no worried I will give you warning,' said the big guy.
'Goes for you too, Paul,' she continued.
'Yeah, yeah, I know, you are the boss, Jenny,' said the guy on her tits.
The presence of Jenny seemed to put both the lads off a bit, they were both being more careful, but after a moment the rhythms returned and they were accompanied by a really delicate clit rub, with little twists and flicks. Jenny clearly liked girls, because she knew a clit far better than any girl Lucy knew, it was not the wanking skill, all girls that tried had that, it was the capability to tease with it, which marked her out. No girl teased herself, it just would not work, and you can't unexpectedly stop wanking, or play somewhere different your brain knew what you were doing.
Lucy relaxed and closed her eyes, she did not want the view in front of her, and she was imagining crowds of people watching her. Jenny was putting pressure either side of her clit and pushing a finger down either side of Clint's dick, pressing quite hard actually, but it was changing the feeling, and was causing some interesting effects to the thrusting, the pressure on her mons was causing tiny spasms with every thrust, and she was sure Clint would be able to feel them as he pumped into her cunt. Then she felt the other one, Paul, move, she felt his balls drag across her face, then cum hit her closed eyes, and mouth, yet another load ran down the sides of her face, and into her hair. She didn't care though she was about to cum again, Jenny had focused some serious attention on her clit, and she was now on a one way trip. She wondered how many people were watching her cum this time. Jenny pressed hard, very hard on Lucy's mons as she tweaked that clit to blow, Lucy started to shake very slightly from the muscles tightening and the energy that she felt running through her, all starting at her clit, the pressure and attention didn't stop, she was being pushed beyond a normal orgasm by Jenny again, as she felt she breathing speed up and become shallower, because she was struggling to cope with the feelings.
Lucy heard herself start to moan, 'oh Jesus, oh Jesus, oh Jesus,' it was as if she needed to say something to relieve the pressure her mind and body were under, the pressure just seemed to increase, and as her shaking got worse the pressure got worse, she felt like something needed to give. Every thrust from Clint seemed to make the pressure grow quickly, before a slight subside as he withdrew, only for it to increase more with the next thrust.
She managed to breath a few words, 'what........are........you....doing......to....me?'
'You will see, just enjoy it,' said a female voice, a voice that sounded far too relaxed for how Lucy felt, her mind was sure she knew who said it, but could not focus on the voice enough to give herself an answer.
Lucy's mind was consumed by how she felt, she was building to the point her entire lower half was going to explode in a fireball of orgasm. She had basically been cumming for about 90 seconds now, she was completely lost in the feeling. Then with two thrusts there was a massive release of the pressure.
The pressure on her clit disappeared too, and she shook, lost in what was happening. A voice said 'What the FUCK,' it was loud and pissed off.
There was laughing, then another voice, she knew the voice, but lost it again, 'Dude, I made her squirt on you,' more laughing.
Lucy tried to pull her mind out of the fog of her orgasm, but it was slow to response, she was aware there was no thrusting it had stopped, and after a moment she realised there was no dick in her. It took her more seconds to force her eyes open, there was a big crowd around her now. The laughing it was Jenny, that was the name she was searching her, Jenny, there was much more laughing from the crowd, what had she done?
Lucy shook her head trying to regain focus, then she started to piece it together, orgasm brains were not quick machines, Jenny had made her squirt, WOW, she had never squirted, but she had now, Jenny had made her squirt on Clint. That was what happened, they were laughing at Clint.
There was a scuffle, and she saw two people holding Clint, then Jenny said, 'Dude, you know you can't touch me, and if you try, you know I will kick your arse again, stop throwing your weight around.'
Lucy had no idea what that meant, but the mood had changed, she did not feel as comfortable as before. She was not sure how many of the gang she had taken, but it was eight or ten she was sure, she was really sore now, as the high of the orgasm ebbed away, she was becoming more aware of how much her body ached. Shane appeared in front of her.
'I think we are about done here, you lived up to your word, and took what we threw at you,' Shane paused then said, 'there is one last thing though, turn over, I need to see if your badge is true.'
'Badge?' Lucy said, confused.
'The sign across your arse,' he replied to explain.
'Oh,' she said as she turned herself over, it was a real effort all of her ached, and she was not completely sure she could stand her legs hurt so much. However they did seem to support their own weight ok as she put them on the floor and bent over the table. The table was supporting most of her weight though.
Lucy was pretty sure she knew what was going to happen now, and was mentally preparing herself, she loved anal, and this one was going to be with a large audience, there was a crowd to watch Shane take her for a second time tonight.
The fact so many people were watching seemed to give her a boost, she loved the idea of being watched, and as his cock pressed into her pussy, she saw Stuart, carrying her top and skirt, moving to get a good view.
Shane thrust into her pussy a couple of times, then pushed a couple of fingers in, he withdrew them and started to lube up her arse, it already felt quite wet from all the juice and cum that had run down there over the last couple of hours. His fingers slipped in easily, and he massaged in some of the juice quickly, before she felt the pressure of his cock, rock hard and throbbing, pressing against her hole.
Her star gave way easily, she thought the combination of being had earlier and how tired all her muscles were, was the likely cause, but in moments his head was in, she loved how that felt. He pushed up hard from there, and she grunted which turned into an 'owwwww' as he didn't stop.
She could not believe how much of his dick had gone in, on that first thrust, it hurt, but felt amazing too. She felt relieve though as he withdrew to the head, but it was short lived as he thrust in again, his balls bouncing off her as he came to a stop. A cheer went up, as she grunted. From there he started to thrust in and out, hard and fast.
He grabbed a big handful of her hair and lifted her off the table, 'Got to let the lads see those beautiful big tits bounce,' he said, loud enough for the crowd to hear and another cheer went up, she loved it. Her tits were moving a lot with each thrust. Jenny appeared again and immediately her clit was subjected to pressure, she moaned.
Shane leant in so only she could hear, 'your arse is amazing, you really are a slut, I never would have believed it, but I could definitely go a few more rounds on this sweet slut hole.'
'Thank you,' she breathed, almost a whisper back, it was all she could manage. She was starting to whimper moan, from the pressure on her clit, she wanted to stop, but she couldn't. Shane was pounding like a jackhammer, and her tits were bouncing everywhere, they ached.
She started to cum again, and her legs gave way, she slipped down an inch or so to be almost fully supported on her belly on the table, Jenny's hand moved out quickly before it was crushed, but she did not give up, her hand came in from the bottom and more pressure was applied, making Lucy moan a deep carnal moan as her orgasm, went from subsiding to full intensity. Shane let go of her hair, which felt much better, and grabbed her hips, ramming into her as hard as he could she grunted with the orgasmic sounds she was making too, her throat felt sore.
She screamed as another orgasm rocked her, her whole body feeling like it was on fire, another roar from the crowd accompanied it. Shane stopped dead, his cock buried deep in her arse, and she felt the spasms of his dick as he ejected his load deep into her arse. There was another roar of approval, as she collapsed back onto the table.
She lay there for a good few moments, then Shane appeared, 'Jenny will let you out when you are ready. I have put my number in your husband's phone, call me when you want that hot arse filled again,' he walked off into the room.
Stuart appeared, 'come on, we need to get you dressed and then home for a shower,' he said, she did not recall seeing his face so happy before.
He helped her pull the tight white top back on, it was immediately wet in about 40 places, as cum that was all over her body soaked through, it did not look good at all. She pulled her skirt back on and noticed the white streaks down her stockings where cum had run too. She really looked like a used slut.
Jenny showed them back out, as they walked to the door, she said, 'I really hope you had fun tonight, I did, and you should come back.'
Lucy barely had the energy to talk, but managed, 'thank you, I did, and if you can manage to keep the audience I just might.'
They exited into King Cross and started to make their way toward the train home, it was late, and the station was really quiet, which she was very pleased about. But she was sure they would get some attention at some point, she was leaning heavily on Stuart, her legs only just able to walk, and her outfit was a mess.
'Best evening ever,' she said to Stuart as they exited the tube station.