This is an original work by Zeb_Carter and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.Com and any submission to any other site has not been authorized by the Author.
*
Hi, I'm Susan Reynolds. Reynolds is my married name. But all this happened long before I was married. A long time before I was married. It all started after I had finished medical school. I was to start my residency, but an offer I couldn't refuse presented itself. A paid fellowship at the Paris Descartes University, part of the Université Sorbonne Paris Cité, for advanced medical studies. I just couldn't pass that up. With that fellowship I could write my own ticket as to where I did my residency. After that, the sky was the limit.
I had worked my little ass off to get to where I was today. First in my class and this fellowship in France. I was proud of myself. My family was proud of me. Dad had staked me for the airfare and pocket money. The fellowship included tuition, books, an apartment on campus and a per diem allowance for food. Not that I would have much time for eating, from what I read of the course work involved.
Once I was settled in my apartment and had all the requisite conferences I was ready to start. What I had was three days off. Classes didn't start until Monday. I spent those three days sightseeing. I saw everything. The Louvre, the Eiffel Tower, the Left Bank. I was exhausted at the end of each day. I also found myself a little lonely. By the second night I lay in bed aching and horny. I masturbated to a mind shattering orgasm and fell asleep.
* * * *
Two weeks into classes and I was glad I had taken French in high school and college. I could understand, speak, read and write French. Well, I was fluent in classical French, which is what all the professors spoke as did their teaching assistants. It was the odd dialects some of my classmates spoke that gave me trouble. As an extra perk, the fellowship allowed me to take a course of my choosing. I took an art class. The class was well attended and was held every other day at four in the afternoon. It was my last class on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
It wasn't until the second day, that I found out the models for the class would be students in the class. The class was about nude art form. A student would pose, nude, while the rest of us sketched them. We could use any art form we wished, but each of us would take a turn on the podium. About three weeks into the semester it was my turn to pose. I was nervous. I had forgone lunch so I wouldn't embarrass myself by vomiting all over the platform I was to pose on.
As I walked to the platform, my stomach was doing flip-flops, my palms were sweaty and I was seeing double. I wore a wrap that looked like a toga. I had pinned it at the shoulder, letting it drape down under my left arm. The slit was on the right and my complete leg flashed at each step. I was so nervous I just stood there, leaning against a faux column. I pushed my right leg out of the toga, but did not disrobe. As I stood there, everyone waited. Then, realizing that I was not going to disrobe, they started to draw.
By the end of the class, I thought I had dodged the bullet, but the professor took me aside and told me I would be the model for next class. He told me in no uncertain terms I was to completely disrobe or I would flunk the class. I was beside myself. The next class was on Friday. Between now and then I had to find the courage to get naked in front of my classmates.
I wasn't worried about my body. I had worked hard to be fit. I knew everyone would admire me, I just didn't , because of my upbringing I suppose, want to get naked in front a classroom of people I kind of knew. I had to steel myself to undress for them in two days. The next two days, medical classes kept me from thinking about Friday afternoon.
I had once more skipped lunch. I was even more nervous than the first time. This time I know I had to disrobe completely. Wearing the same toga, I stepped up on the podium. I must have stepped on the hem, for the toga slipped out of my grasp and floated to the floor. There was a gasp as I completed my step up to the platform. I was naked for everyone to see. As I looked out over the crowd, I notice a few of my classmates staring holes in me. I shook my head and took a pose by the column.
I stood there for two hours. There was a ten minute break after an hour, but I just relaxed and sat in a chair the professor placed on the platform.
"Well done my Chérie ," he said in heavily accented English. "You are very beautiful."
I had heard him tell the other models similar things so I knew he wasn't coming on to me.
"Thank you, sir," I replied.
He turned and walked to the back of the studio. By the time the second hour was up, I was enjoying myself. All those eyes on me, kind of turned me on. My nipples were harder than they had ever been and I had a wetness running down my left leg I couldn't fathom. Why was I so turned on? A question I kept asked myself as I climbed down off the platform and headed to the locker room. I had picked up the toga, but didn't put it on.
I got some quick glances at the drawings some of the students had done. I looked beautiful in each and every one of them. I smiled to myself as I walked into the locker room. I quickly dressed and headed for home. Later that night I met several classmates at a local bar. A quiet little place, out of the way and mostly filled with collage students. It was a nice place and the drinks were reasonably prices.
Each of them had now seen me naked. Each of them complemented me on my body, male and female. I could feel my blush of embarrassment rise up my body to the top of my head. By the time I got home I was so horny that I masturbated three times before I fell asleep.
* * * *
After that first time being naked in front of everyone, I talked to the professor and told him if he had openings for a model, I would gladly fill in. He smiled at me.
"I was hoping you would," he told me, in French, smiling broadly. "You have a very beautiful body. The other students have asked me when you will model again, often."
"Well count me in," I replied in French.
"Next Friday," he said.
I nodded, unable to speak. Just four days away. I was excited. I was nervous. My nipples hurt they were so hard.
"I will see you then my Chérie ," he told me in English.
"Of course. I look forward to..."
"I figured you would once you did it for the first time," his accent was just bearable. See you on Friday," he said turning and walking away.
I stood there shivering. The next four days flew by. My medical classes were becoming increasingly harder. Yet I excelled at the challenge. The art class had become easier as I became more proficient at drawing people and things. Drawing the human body had always been easy for me, except for faces. Most people have a hard time with hands. My faces were a sticking point. Two classmates had helped me and I them. I showed them simple ways to draw hands, using the skeleton as a basis. They then did essentially the same with me and faces. Alex and Victoria had been a big help.
They had also been the only students to show me, me. They showed me their drawings of me. Both had drawn me beautifully, except for my hands. They soon corrected that and I was so beautiful. Alex had drawn my nipples hard, but Victoria hadn't. A matter of perspective and taste. Victoria, never Vicky, said she liked the look of my breasts with the nipples relaxed. She said they looked so soft and inviting that way. But she wasn't opposed to drawing them hard if that's the way they were.
At first I thought Alex and Victoria were a thing. I was wrong. After Alex asked me out to dinner one day after class, I saw him wave Victoria off. She nodded and walked the other way. I said yes. He took me to a little bistro down the street from the bar. It was very nice to be able to eat out. We had some wine and talked. He asked me question after question about America. I told him everything I knew about my homeland. I then told him I hadn't been everywhere in America.
For some reason Europeans think of the United States as being as small as Europe. I had to show him later at the library with two maps of the same scale. He then nodded with understanding.
After the date he walked me home. He wanted to come in, but I was hesitant. I wasn't a virgin and it had been a long time since I had sex with a man. I just didn't want to get a reputation of the American that puts out on the first date. I kissed him goodnight, keeping him out in the hall. His hands did do a little roaming.
"Alex, no," I told him.
He groaned as I pulled his hands off my ass.
"I enjoyed our time together..."
"But you are a proper girl who doesn't put out on the first date?"
"Something like that," I said chuckling.
He leaned in and kissed my lips gently. I kissed him back.
"Until next time," he said.
"You never can tell," I shot back. "Goodnight Alex."
"Goodnight Susan," he said backing away.
I closed the door and turned the lock. I heard a sigh and then him walking away down the hall. I sighed, grabbing a breast and squeezing.
I ran down the hall to the bedroom, stripped and fell into bed my fingers knuckles deep in my pussy as I hit the mattress. I masturbated to four orgasms that night before I fell asleep.
Over the next couple of days I spent all my time in my apartment naked. I wanted to get used to moving without clothes getting in the way. I practiced in the mirror. I sat at the window seat, bare breasts visible to any who looked. Some did and waved. Others walked by oblivious to what they had missed.
By the time I was to pose, I felt comfortable enough that the butterflies were gone. I walked to the podium and dropped the toga wrap, took a seat on the bench there and struck my pose. As the toga dropped I once again heard a wave of sighs pass through the room. I smiled, knowing that many of my classmates found my body desirable. I suddenly liked this feeling. Of revealing myself in public. Well, not really in public, but in a room full of people, not all of who I knew.
For the next two hours I heard the scratches of pencil, chalk, charcoal, against the paper on the easels in front of each student. There were some whispers among them, but I had everyone's attention. A shiver and a hot flash almost overwhelmed me as I sat there, looking out over the heads of my classmates. I even forwent the ten minute break, just to bask in my nudity.
When class ended, I hurried back to my apartment. I was asked to join many of my classmates for a drink and dinner. I begged off and hurried home. Turning, I closed the door softly and turned the lock. Then I was rushing down the hall to my bed, stripping off my clothes as I went. Flopping down on the bed, I plunged two fingers into my soaking wet pussy and came instantly. My body shook with a powerful orgasm. For the next hour and a half, I plunged my fingers in and out of my pussy. With my free hand I pinched and plucked at my hard nipples. Finally, I took my clit between thumb and forefinger and squeezed, hard.
I swam up from the darkness to find my two finger still inside my pussy, wiggling feebly. The sheet under me was soaking wet, yet my libido was still in overdrive. I slowly brought myself to orgasm once more. This one was less powerful, yet lasted a lot longer. I was drained. I rose, took a shower, changed the linen and went to sleep. I woke around midnight, a gnawing emptiness in my abdomen. I was hungry. I fixed myself something to eat and went back to bed.
* * * *
Time flashed by. Before I knew it the year was half over. It was about this time that a flyer showed up in my message box at school. I read it with interest as I hurried to my art class. I was posing again today and the excitement I felt was almost overwhelming. The flyer helped that feeling along. The film school was looking for volunteers, both female and male, to participate in a...they called it a film outing. Not to many details were in the flyer. There was a contact and I knew him. He was in my art class. I didn't know him all that well, but it would appear he was in a creative film class as well.
For two hours I lay supine on a bench. This time I was on the floor and the students were on the platform. They were looking down at me from above. I scanned the faces until I found the film student on the flyer. He wasn't bad looking and his eye devoured me as he sketched. He was using pencil and his movement were quick and decisive. I looked forward to seeing how he saw me at the end of class.
The current pose called for me to lie on my back, one leg cocked, leaving my vaginal area open and exposed. I could do as I pleased with my hands and arms. Where I lie, I knew everyone could see my vaginal lips poking out of the thatch of pubic hair I kept neatly trimmed. I saw several classmates, both male and female, lick their lips as they looked at me.
I basked in the gaze of my classmates. The two hours flashed by.
When I got home there was an envelope taped to my door. Snatching it off, I hurried inside and ran to my bedroom. I flopped down on the bed and shoved my hand into my pants. The minute my finger touched my clit I came, hard. After that first orgasm, I slipped two fingers into my pussy and brought myself to two more orgasms.
After cleaning up, I went to make myself some supper. When I sat at the kitchen table to eat, I noticed the envelope. I opened it and pulled what was inside out. It was a brochure about the University Film Studio. It expanded on what the note in my mailbox had told me. It seemed they were looking for volunteers to be part of a film-noir event that was planned to take place in a week. There was a note attached with a paperclip.
'Susan, I think you might want to check this out. It could be very exciting and fun. Alex.'
I re-read the brochure and it did sound like fun. The event was called - A Walk in Paris. As I read more I found out that the volunteers would be walking through some streets on the West Bank, nude. They would of course be filmed on their little stroll. I felt my pussy lubricate when I read the word nude. I shivered at the thought.
The brochure went on to explain that the event would take place early on a Sunday morning, when the streets would be relatively empty. Still, walking naked down the streets of Paris was probably the most exciting thing I had ever heard. I finished eating, cleaned the dishes and rushed back to my bedroom. Three orgasms later, I finally fell asleep.
* * * *
I went and spoke with Professor Libler and Jean, the professors teaching assistant, to find out more. They explained everything to me. When I said I would do it, I was given a bunch of forms to fill out and sign and get them back here before next Sunday. I took them to my apartment and poured over them. Most of it I didn't understand, French legalize, even English legalize is way beyond me. So I filled them out and sighed them. What the hell, what was the worst thing that could happen. This was France.
* * * *
Damn! I was so excited, yet here I stood as I disrobed in the alcove set up for us in a small side street. Quickly, before I lost my nerve, I stripped down to my skin. Another student handed me two items of clothing, the only things I could wear. Black nylon thigh highs and four inch black heels. It had been decided by the professor in charge that I looked a lot sexier in nylons and heels, than just a pair of running shoes. I put them on and stepped out of the alcove. There was a slight chill in the air and my nipples responded, not only to my excitement, but to the weather.
The film crew that was to follow me were already shooting. I had met them the day before in the studio on campus. There were five of them. The cameraman, the sound man, the director and two of the biggest guys I had ever seen, who were there to protect me. Both were actually American's like me, over here to study at the Sorbonne. Then a classmate handed me a small map. On it was the route I was to follow.
"Got it?" she asked.
"Um..." I stared at the map, burning the route, street names and left and right turns into my mind. "Got it," I replied handing her the map.
"Go," she told me giving me a little slap on the ass.
Taking a deep breath, I stepped off down the street. The camera crew was in front of me to start. I had been told to look into the camera every once in awhile. I stared at the lens, licked my lips, swayed my hips and walked with determination as I then looked past the camera. Smiling I made my first turn. The camera crew swung around and filmed me from behind as I strutted down the street.
The air was clear, not a cloud in the sky. The sun felt good on my skin as I caught the camera crew from the corner of my eye as they rushed to get back in front of me. I slowed just a little to let them. I suddenly realized I liked being the focus of attention, to be seen, by the crew and the camera. I was becoming more and more aroused as I walked...no, strutted down the street.
There weren't very many people about this early in the morning, which is why we were doing this now. I had been told that I might encounter other students, with film crews, on my short journey. I was free to interact with them in any way I wanted. Or not. It was up to me. I was de facto director of my segment of the film the director with the film crew was there to direct the cameraman. As I rounded the first real turn in my route, I saw another film crew as they followed a man, a naked man.
As both crews and stars came closer, I saw he was someone I knew. He was the one who had given me the brochure. I smiled as I watched him watch me. He smiled as we approached each other. He stopped in front of me. I stopped and looked into his eyes. I turned, looked at my camera and raised my eyebrows, then turned back to look at him. He was looking me up and down, first my eyes, then my breasts and last, my vulva.
Looking down his body in the same manner I ended up staring at his substantial manhood. As I watched, it pulsed, rising with each beat of his heart. I looked him in the eyes and smiled.
"Well, Alex that is a nice cock you have there," I said in French, "I'm almost sorry I didn't invite you in that night."
"And you Susan, have a very pretty pussy," he responded in English.
I blushed at his use of the word pussy. Smiling, I reached out and gently took a hold of his now hard cock. He groaned at my touch.
"You may touch me if you wish," I told him.
He looked surprised and excited. His hand slowly moved toward my breasts. He gently strummed his fingers across my nipples. I gasped at the feeling. It had been a long, long time since anyone but me had touched them. I squeezed his cock as lightning shot through my body, from my nipples to my pussy.
"Touch my pussy," I croaked.
Alex quickly moved his hand down my body, touching me here and there. When his hand cupped my vulva, I shook with a small orgasm.
"So quick," he said.
"It's been a long time," I replied.
"I will be gentle then." He slipped a finger between my labia and I shivered again.
He pulled his finger from me and brought it to his nose.
"Mmmm, such a delicate perfume," he said.
I pulled his cock toward me. It was now hard as steel and longer than any cock I had seen in my short life. I pulled it up between my legs until it was pressed firmly against my clit and labia.
"Kiss me," I almost shouted.
His lips were pressed against mine so quick I was breathless. I immediately kissed him back, opening my mouth to accept his probing tongue. My free arm went up and around behind his head pulling him in close. The heat of his organ, pressed against my clit, sent me over the edge again.
Alex moved his hips forward and the head of his cock slipped along my labia, then he pulled back and his cockhead was pressing against my clit. Pulling his lips from mine Alex looked down at me and sighed.
"Time is tight, we really should keep going." He turned, smiling at me over his shoulder, and walked away down the street the way I had come.
I looked at him longingly. I swore. The student director coughed. I looked at the camera and stuck my tongue out. I was then walking, fast, away from the crew. They all had to run to catch up. I was pissed. After a minute of walking fast, I slowed drastically. Then I stopped. I stood there breathing heavily. The crew caught up all out of breath.
"Take five everyone," the student director said. "Stop the camera."
"Thank you, Jean," I said to him.
I stood there, my hands on my hips, trying to catch my breath. I was slowly cussing at Alex under my breath for leaving me in such a state.
"Susan," Jean said.
"Yes."
"He was told to do that to you."
"What?"
"I'm not supposed to tell you this, but one other has been told the same thing. It seems the directing professor, wants you in heat..."
"What?" I croaked.
"There is a man, at the end of the route that Professor Libler wants to you have sex with. He is handsome, well endowed, and a very nice young man..."
"What?"
"You can quit at any time..."
"I know. Okay. Thank you for telling me. How many will I encounter in total? Not counting Alex."
"Two more, including Paul, the man Professor Libler wants you..."
"Okay, okay. Then let's get going shall we?"
"Would you like a drink of water?"
"Yes thank you." Jean handed me a flask. I drank deeply.
"Thank you. Are you ready?"
"Camera on, places."
I winked at Jean, then at the camera. Continuing on my route the next corner I rounded I saw a small park just beyond the first building. On a bench sat one of my classmates, Lilly. Smiling, I walked over to where Lilly was sitting, watching me walk.
"You are very beautiful," Lilly told me as I stopped in front of the young woman.
"Thank you. You too are very beautiful." And she was too. Long black hair, pale complexion, magnificent breasts and a body that was well proportioned.
"Thank you Susan, that is very kind of you."
I sat next to Lilly. Turning toward her I pull her lips to mine. Lilly jumped slightly, then leaned into the kiss. I reached up and squeezed Lilly's right breast. She moaned, her hand going to my breast. The two of us kissed and explored each other's bodies. When my fingers slipped into Lilly's pussy, she suddenly became alert and pushed me hands away.
"No, no, I have..."
"I know what you have to do, but I decide what happens to me. Come to my apartment tonight at eight. Come prepared to finish what we started here."
Lilly gasped at the invitation, nodding vigorously. I stood, turned and walked away, my camera crew following. At the end of the block Jean called another break.
"Susan...camera's off," Jean said waiting for the camera to be turned off. "Susan, if you are serious about Lilly and you..."
"I am."
"Will you allow us...me, to film..."
"No."
"No harm in asking." Jean shrugged his shoulder.
"No harm in asking." I smiled.
"Places, camera running, go," Jean said.
I winked at the camera again, turned and headed toward my last turn where I assumed Paul would be waiting. Smiling, I suddenly felt my lubricants starting to flow down my leg. No matter what he looked like, I, was going to fuck his brains out.
I was just strolling down the lane, looking at the sky and the wonderful buildings. My next turn wasn't until the end of the block. It was such a nice day and I was having such a good time I forgot about being naked. Yet it was there, niggling at the back of my consciousness. At the end of the block I could see someone peek around the corner of the building, then pull their head back. Smiling I slowed my pace just a little.
Jean was gesturing for me to increase my speed, but I just smiled at him and the camera. Then I spied a bed of flowers just to my left. I stopped, squatted and gazed at the beautiful blooms. Reaching out, I picked a small red flower. Then I placed it in my hair, just above my right ear. Standing I resumed my walk toward a potential lover. Rounding the corner, I saw him. I also saw a lounge, the kind they have around pools. Bulky with cushions, extra-wide to fit two people. My gaze slid off the "bed" to the man standing beside it.
I had seen him around campus. He was indeed handsome and his skin was black as coal. His eye, dark brown, twinkled as he took in my naked body. I gasped a little at the appendage hanging between his muscular thighs. It was flaccid, but still long enough to come half way down his thigh. His chiseled abs and chest were a sight to behold. He was almost perfect. As I walked toward him, his cock started to grow and pulse with his heartbeat.
"My, my, my, what has Professor Libler in store for me?" I asked. It was rhetorical.
"You are truly a goddess," his deep baritone voice sent shivers up my spine.
"And you are Apollo himself," I told him. He smiled. I laughed. We both knew why we were here.
I stepped up to him, my head just coming to the bottom of his chin. He wrapped his arms around me, his hands soft and gentle. Tilting my head back, I looked up into his dark eyes. Smiling he leaned down and placed his lip against mine. I sighed as his tongue flicked out to touch my teeth. Then is tongue was in my mouth, exploring my cheeks and dancing with my tongue.
When his big black hand closed around my breast, I moaned and felt my nipple crinkle to hardness. I was ready, I was really ready. I could feel my juices flow down my inner thigh as he continued to kiss me. Reaching between us, I wrapped my delicate hand around his massive cock. It was now hard as a rock and almost reached up between my breasts. It was big enough that I could wrap both hands around it and still have the head poking out of my grip.
Suddenly, I was falling, only to be caught and gently placed onto the lounge. Sighing, I relaxed into the soft cushion beneath me. Then he was next to me, his hands playing over my body. Strumming here and stroking there. He was using like a musical instrument. I looked up into his eyes, sighed.
"Take me, now or let me up," I said boldly.
"Of course milady," he answered rolling between my spread legs.
I raised my arms in surrender to this magnificent man. His hard cock pressed against my opening. Then he was inside me, just the head to begin with. Then a little more and more and more...god it felt so good to finally be filled with a hard cock. For ten minutes he slowly fucked me. I rocked my hips up to meet his every thrust.
Then he was slamming into my body hard and fast. I couldn't keep up with him, so I just lay back and let him have his way with me. There was a small amount of pain as each time his cock hit bottom. A hand on his thigh and he stopped going so deep. Then I was floating along on the rush. I was having sex. Not only was I have sex, but I was having sex outdoors, with a black man. My first. Then my orgasm hit. I screamed as my stomach contracted in pleasure.
He just kept fucking me. As I settled down a little, I could hear the camera crews moving around us as he slammed his cock into me over and over. I was now on autopilot. My hips jerked up to meet his thrusts without me having to think about it. My pussy pulsed, gripping him so he couldn't slip out. I could feel my juice as it rushed past his cock to coat the lounge.
Then he was roaring. His cock jerked and spasmed, as his seed filled my pussy. He was slick with sweat, huffing and puffing with his exertions. He rolled off me, laying beside me trying to catch his breath. I raised up on an elbow looking down at him.
"That was wonderful," I told him.
"You were wonderful my dear Susan," he croaked still trying to catch his breath.
Leaning in I kissed his cheek. "My place, day after tomorrow. I would like to explore this further," I whispered into his ear.
"Of course dear Susan," he replied smiling up at me.
I sat up, winked at the camera and yelled. "Cut!"
"Camera's off," Jean shouted.
Three young ladies came running out of an alcove. One had my clothes. Another carried a pan of warm water and towels. She was prepared to clean me, but I stopped her and did it myself. Calvin, that was his name, let the other girl clean him.
"Nice Calvin, promote the stereotype," I told him.
"You're right. Thank you miss, but I can finish it from here," he said taking the cloth from her hands.
I dressed and as quickly as I could left for my apartment.
* * * *
Calvin and I continued seeing each other until we both had to return to the States. He returned to Alabama, I to Chicago. Lilly and I continued to see each other also. Sometimes she would even join Calvin and I.
I returned to the States, took up my residency where I had planned to and became a doctor of medicine. I got married just before completing my residency. Now, I'm forty-four years old. I have been a doctor for fifteen years. I have been a wife for ten of those years and now I am a mother of two wonderful children.
My problem and why I'm telling you this story, is...although I knew I was being filmed and I did sign a bunch of releases, I had no idea that Professor Libler would release the film to the world, even if was on an obscure website in France. That's right someone who knows me found it. Someone I am close to, a patient in fact. He says he now owns the only copy and that he will keep it safe from prying eyes, if I...have an affair with him. He is blackmailing me for sex. I don't know what to do. I want to remain faithful to my husband, but I really don't want to the world to see that film or do I?
My quandary is, I like the man who is blackmailing me. If I wasn't married, I would have sex with him. I also think about everyone in the world watching me naked and having sex and it excites me. Still, I am a married mother of two. Still, I am a woman...I wonder if Mark would like to see it? I wonder if he does, would he like to watch me doing it again? I wonder...
# # #