Peter was out for his normal amble through the local woods. They were always quiet and he would spend the time thinking and relaxing in the fresh air. The only path was short and barely entered the woodland so Peter would always find a route through the trees.
On this day, Peter headed through a well trodden path of his. It was thick with tall oaks and had a mossy floor that was great to walk or relax on.
He did not expect to see anyone in the forest this far away from the path and so was surprised when he spotted a lady laying on a blanket under the trees reading a book.
She had long dark hair and soft pale skin. She wore a blue summer dress with small white flowers on it, that rested on her thighs. Her head was propped on a pillow and she held the book in her two hands.
Peter edged quietly forwards so as not to scare her and to try and get a closer look. He wanted to see her before she became aware of his presence.
He moved himself behind a tree that split into two trunks and positioned himself so he could see her clearly. He was no more than a few metres away and looked between its two massive trunks as she read.
He could now see her more clearly. She had a very pretty face and a large breasts that caused her dress to be pulled tightly across the front. Her skin was pale and looked soft to the touch.
As he watched her she adjusted her position to be more comfortable and raised her knees up so her feet were flat on the floor.
Peter flinched when she moved and hid himself behind the tree, worried that she would have spotted him.
He slowly edged his head back between the branches and looked once again at the woman. After a moment, she spread her legs slightly revealing a pair of white cotton panties. The crotch sat neatly over her pussy. Her short dress had fallen back and now sat at the bottom of her hips.
A surge of adrenalin had rushed through Peter and he could feel the blood starting to flow to his penis. He could not pull his eyes away from her. As he stared, she spread her legs wider so that he could see the tendons of her thighs and the white panties barely covered her.
She began to move her legs so they slightly opened and closed in a gentle and carefree way. As she did so, the fabric of her underwear would slip between her lips revealing the line of her pussy.
Peter could not believe he was so lucky to find this person lying in the woods. He could barely take his eyes off of her crotch as she moved her legs. All concern that she might see him was evaporating.
The more she moved her legs the more her underwear caught between her lips. After a few minutes, she slowly put a hand down and, using a finger ran it along the seam to realign them. She then moved her hand back to her book and continued to read.
She again, absentmindedly, started to rock her legs back and forth showing the
white underwear clearly. As she did this, again it slowly started to creep back in between. Once again giving Peter a view of her camel toe.
Suddenly, causing Peter to dart his head back, the book went down beside her. Peter was sure she he just spotted him, but to his relief she did not say anything. Instead, she put her hands either side of her panties and bending her knees slipped them off over her feet and put them down besides her.
Peter's slowly inched his head further out as she picked her book back up and continued to read.
Her knees still bent and slightly open gave a glimpse between her legs and he could see the shaved line of her pussy.
As she relaxed into her new state of undress, she kept her legs more firmly together, only giving him just momentary glimpses of her pussy. After a few minutes, her legs again started to open more fully until she had them so far spread it almost looked uncomfortable.
From his close position, he could see her pussy clearly. It was neatly shaven with just a small amount of hair in the middle. Her pink lips were slightly parted and he could see the opening to her vagina. His penis was now rock solid and one of his hands was held firmly over his bulge.
He continued to watch her for the next few minutes in awe of her beauty. She again started to fidget with her legs and was almost jiggling them back and forth as he watched. This continually parted and closed her pussy and gave little glimpses to the start of her ass.
As he watched he noticed her eyes flicker towards him. He pulled his head back behind the tree and remained quiet. As he stood there, he saw her body moving. Edging closer down the rug. He was about to run for it as he was sure he had been caught, when he listened again.
He was sure she had come closer and he was sure their eyes had met a moment ago. He waited and heard nothing.
Slowly, he edged his eyes around the trunk of the tree again, then pulled back again in slight shock. He then slowly moved his head forward again. She had indeed moved closer down her rug and her lower half now was off of the rug on the mossy floor. She was twisted slightly to her right and was looking for something in her bag.
From where she now lay, she was only a couple metres away from where Peter stood behind the tree. He could see her knees where firmly together and any view of her was now gone as her knees were bent to the side. Her foot was jiggling as she continued to search her bag.
Eventually, out of her bag she pulled a small pack of baby wipes and opened the plastic sticker on top. Then rolling again onto her back she lifted her knees up and placed her two hands onto her shins. This gave Peter the most intimate view he had yet had of her.
With her top half on the rug and her bottom half tantalisingly close to him, he could see her widely spread pussy. Her legs being so far back and spread to
such an extent made her lips spread so he could see her clearly. His eyes followed down her lips to her tight and spread asshole.
In those few moments, Peter did not understand what was happening. His mind scrambled as to why she was now halfway off the blanket so close to him and why she was spreading her legs so wide.
Just as he thought maybe this was for him he saw the real reason. A little trickle of pee started to flow out of her and then stop. This ran down her and over her spread butt. She readjusted slightly, pulled her legs back further and once again started to pee. This time is came with more force and shot away from her in a little spurt.
At this moment, uncontrolled by his desire and confused by everything that was happening, Peter stepped out from behind the tree.
The girl's eyes met him and instantly she stopped peeing, but only slowly brought her legs down and back together.
She did not scream or run but looked at him.
After a moment of them both standing there she asked, "have you been watching me?"
"Yes. Sorry," Peter responded shyly. "I was just walking in the woods and I came across you. I did not say anything as I did not want to frighten you."
"Are you a pervert?" The girl asked staring at him intently.
Peter blushed slightly and his eyes flicked down to her legs again that were still closed shielding her groin from sight. "No, I'm not," Peter finally responded. "I did not realise what you were doing to start with. I didn't mean to see anything."
For a moment they both looked at each other and said nothing.
The girl broke the silence, "Well, as you have seen me it's only fair that I see you".
"What do you mean?" Peter asked with shock in his voice.
"You saw my pussy so show me your dick," the girl responded.
Peter could feel his hard dick hidden beneath his clothes. As he stood there momentarily considering what he should do, the girls legs parted again giving another glimpse of her pussy, still wet and shining from her pee. She closed them again but could see the sudden interest back on Peter's face.
"Come on don't be shy." As she spoke her legs opened again, this time wider giving a full view of her parting pussy, wet from pee.
At this point Peter put his thumbs in the sides of his shorts and pulled them down, kicking off his shoes as he did so. He now stood there in just his small grey briefs with his erection creating a tent for her. As she looked upon him, and slightly smiled, she again spread her legs wider. This time running a finger down her inner thigh and then up her stomach before closing them again.
"And the rest," she demanded as she opened and closed her legs in a gentle smooth way, giving glimpses of her perfect tight pussy.
Peter slipped off his briefs and stood back up with his erection pointing out above her. From her low angle she could see its full length extended in front of him. He was uncut and about average size with neatly trimmed hair.
"What else did you see of me?" She questioned opening her legs wider and moving her feet further apart. This time she did not close them again giving Peter another full view of her.
Peter said nothing.
"Did you see my ass?" She questioned in a teasing voice. As she spoke she raised her feet off the floor so her pussy spread further and her asshole was revealed.
Peter's eyes did not dare to move away from the area and he was in awe of her tight puckered little hole. She watched him closely and enjoyed the control she now had over him.
"What else did you see?" she said as her feet came back to the floor.
Bashfully Peter responded "I saw you peeing." As he said this, his hand moved to his own groin. "I thought maybe I had disturbed you before you had finished."
Each time she spoke to him her legs would part slightly to give him another look. "I did not finish. Are you going to watch?"
Peter did not respond but just stood there as the girl once again pulled her knees up towards her body. With a hand on each of her shins she spread her legs as far as they would go. This opened up her pussy and butt. Now that he was closer, this gave Peter an amazing view. He could see her tight pink starfish and the soft delicate lips of her pussy.
A few seconds passed and Peter stood there staring waiting for it to start. A little dribble came out from her pussy, sending a line of pee down her leg and over her butt cheeks and ass hole. She stopped the flow and as she did so her ass hole tightened. The whole time she watched Peter's astonished and entranced face. She then released again this time clearly pushing down. Her asshole loosened slightly before a shot of pee erupted from her landing just in front of the feet of Peter. He continued to watch the yellow tinged liquid spraying out of her and over the floor.
As she peed, Peter ran his thumb over the end of his penis cock feeling the sticky precum dripping out of it. He used this to coat the end of his dick in a circular motion. He watched as the stream started to ebb and once again became a trickle running down her but and onto the lower part of her back.
Still holding her legs spread she said "I can see you enjoyed that, now here is what I want you to do in return...
To be continued