Melanie was driving home from church. She had skipped out on lunch with her sister and their parents because she was so tired of hearing how messed up her life was, as opposed to her perfect sister, Maggie's life.
It was true that the sisters were opposites. Maggie was 21, exactly two years older than Melanie, and a very rules oriented girl. Prudish, thought Melanie, but that was a good thing as far as her parents were concerned. Maggie was pretty enough, she supposed, but Melanie knew that Maggie was nothing compared to herself. While both were thin and roughly the same height, that's about where the similarities ended.
Both girls were thin, but Maggie had A cups while Melanie had C cups. Additionally Maggie always had a sensible short haircut, opposed to Melanie's long blonde hair. Lastly, while Maggie wasn't necessarily out of shape, she didn't do anything to try to maintain or improve her conditioning. Melanie wasn't a full time student like Maggie, and Melanie worked as a personal trainer practically every day. The result was that she was toned, her abs were tight, and she was considered pretty much perfect by most of the guys in her circle.
But, physical attributes weren't the qualities that her parents wished she had. All she seemed to hear from them these days was that she should go to school like her sister, settle down and not go out so much like her sister, and the latest, find a nice boy, again, like her sister.
Melanie could handle this; she loved her life, loved going out all the time and loved her job. What she didn't like was that Maggie had now joined with her parents to tell her often what she should do. Melanie never criticized Maggie's life choices, lame as they had been, and she hated her sister for ganging up on her with her parents lately.
Even at church today they had started in on her. Her sundress was too sexy; it was distracting for the men, and her favorite, added by her sister, that boys don't want girls like that. Maggie was in a serious relationship for the first time ever, and now she considered herself to be the total expert on boys, Melanie thought. Not that Jason, Maggie's boyfriend wasn't cute; he was, but in kind of a nerd way. He was a student in law school, and they had met in the library. Melanie imagined that if he had met the two sisters together he would never have pursued Maggie; in fact, she had caught him checking her out a couple of times as they all ate dinner or hung out by the pool in the backyard. She had even thought it was cute because he would turn red when she caught him.
She imagined that she would like to teach Maggie a lesson if the opportunity was ever to arise.
She pulled her car into her driveway and almost hit someone on a bicycle.
"What the hell?" she thought as she parked her car and got out to see who it was.
Of course it had to be Jason, who had turned around to greet her.
"Sorry to have startled you. I just biked over and was going to ask Maggie if she wanted to come down to the park for the Earth Day concert." He told her.
Melanie eyed Jason, in his bike shorts and shirt and thought she could have some fun.
"She's not here, Jason; was she expecting you?" she answered.
"No, I mentioned it yesterday, but we don't have plans; I just thought I'd ride over this morning; I should have called," he said.
"Nonsense," Melanie said, "Put your bike in the garage and come inside, and we'll wait for her. I'm sure she won't be too long."
He did as he was told and pretty soon was sitting inside in the living room drinking a cold beer with Melanie. Melanie knew that she looked good in her sundress and stockings so she didn't change. She sat in a chair across from the sofa where Jason was and playfully crossed her legs and dangled a sandal as they talked.
Melanie wasn't certain what her plan was, but she was angry at Maggie and knew that the best way to get her back was through Jason; she just didn't know exactly how she was going to do it yet.
She was very careful that her flirting was subtle so that she could be perceived as innocent. She knew that overt flirting would be recognized, and though she thought that she might very well be successful that way, she knew with certainty that she could lead Jason wherever she decided if she was simply patient. She talked about how good he was for her sister, how athletic he looked, how great it was that he liked to bike, like she did. Every once in a while she would drop in slight comments about Maggie. Nothing too bitchy, or at least nothing that he (or any man) would recognize as such.
She made comments like, "You're so great for her. I think you're her first real boyfriend," which was sure to make him wonder why that was. She also added that she hoped that Jason could convince Maggie to do some exercise, any exercise, because Maggie doesn't like that.
As Jason's first beer neared empty, Melanie, without asking, stood and walked to the kitchen, then returned with an already opened replacement bottle. She had guessed that he would probably decline a second beer so she removed this option for him. She walked toward the sofa and began to hand it to him and noticed that he was about to speak.
Sensing that he was about to try to decline the beverage, she smiled and spoke first, "Jason, can you keep a secret?"
Caught off guard, he answered "Yes," and took the bottle.
She took a seat next to him on the sofa and almost whispered, "Promise me you'll never say anything to Maggie."
His eyes widened slightly and Melanie thought she may have moved too fast; he was thinking of something sexual with her.
Though Melanie liked that his mind appeared to be going there; she knew that she had to dial it back, so she quickly added, "She would just die of embarrassment if she knew I told you this."
Jason's body seemed to relax as he now assumed that they were just talking, "Oh sure," he replied, "I promise."
"Ok, Jason, here goes. She thinks you're the one." Melanie said. "She's already talking about marriage and kids."
Smiling to herself, she figured that should be enough to mess up the relationship, at least for a while, and she had even created a trust between herself and Jason, but a few seconds later she heard her parents yelling as they walked up the driveway.
Realizing that her dad was angry because her car was blocking the driveway and knowing that he couldn't see why because the bike was put away in the garage, she stood to go open the door and explain when a thought hit her. No one knows Jason is here.
As she thought this, Jason spoke, "Your dad sure sounds mad."
Acting like she was terrified, she replied, "Oh my God, Jason he'll kill me if he knows there is a guy in here; you have to hide."
"What?" he said; this didn't quite make sense.
She knew she couldn't give him time to think, "Please, please, I'll explain later; his one rule is no guys in the house with us alone; I didn't think of it earlier because I don't think of you that way."
"Well, I'll just explain..." he started.
"No, PLEASE," she interrupted, "Just hide and I'll sneak you out soon. Quick! Down the hall to my room."
She took his hand into hers and scooped up the beer bottles in her other hand, then she pulled him up, and within seconds she had him in her closet. She instructed him to lie down in the closet and slid the door most of the way closed. She left it open an inch or two at the end where his face was, and she knew that he would be able to see out.
She asked, in a whisper, if he could see and hear her and moved to the closet door.
He whispered back, "Yes."
"Great, now just stay there silently and I'll fix everything." She told him.
She then left the room and headed back to the kitchen where her family was entering the house.
It only took a couple of seconds for her to apologize about the parking and kiss her daddy on the cheek to calm that situation down. This was done despite Maggie's trying to keep it going by telling her parents that "she's always like this" and "never thinks of anyone else."
As the impromptu family meeting ended, her parents headed up the stairs to the master suite and the sisters headed down the hall towards their two, side by side, rooms.
As Melanie entered her room, she was deciding what to do with Jason. She needed more time she concluded.
She went to the closet opening and whispered, "Got rid of the parents; I'll get rid of Maggie and then get you out."
He sat up and pushed the door a bit open.
"I'll just tell her what happened, then sneak out," he replied.
Melanie thought fast, "No," she replied, as she gently put her hand on his head to stop his ascent, "She'll never believe that's why you're in my closet. I'll handle it."
Jason again took his position on the floor.
Melanie was going through the day's events in her mind and was quite pleased. In each step along the way, Jason could have taken an easy route out. She had manipulated him into quickly drinking two large beers after his bike ride over, then hiding instead of just meeting everyone and telling them why he was there, and now into hiding in her closet rather than simply moving to his girlfriend's room. Each step had also moved him into a harder to explain place.
She had also flirted beautifully and knew that he was, at least somewhat, turned on by her.
While she was planning her next move, there was a knock at her door.
"Yes?" she answered.
Without replying, Maggie opened the door and walked in.
Before Melanie could speak, Maggie turned her back to her and said, "Unzip me please."
A wicked grin crossed Melanie's mouth as she answered, "Sure, sis."
Melanie glanced to the closet to make sure that the door was still ajar and, noticing that it was, began unzipping the dress, starting at the neck and going straight down her back to her waist. As she reached the end, she pushed the sides of the dress off of her sister's shoulders and the dress slid to the floor before Maggie could catch it.
"What are you doing?" she asked, somewhat perturbed.
"Hanging it, silly, you only wore it for an hour or two," Melanie said.
"Oh, ok," Maggie answered.
Melanie went to her closet and reached through the opening, retrieving a hanger from the closet. As she removed it, she pushed the closet open a tad more, enhancing Jason's view while keeping him hidden. She returned to the center of the room as Maggie stepped out of her dress. Maggie bent over and picked it up, and then Melanie took it, put it on the hanger and laid it on the bed.
Maggie reached for the dress, but Melanie said, "Wait a sec, do me." Then she spun around, her back to Melanie, her face to the closet.
Maggie unzipped the dress and Melanie shook herself out of it.
The two sisters stood facing the closet, Maggie in a fairly plain white bra and underwear with pantyhose while Melanie was in a white, lace bra, matching panties and white thigh highs.
With a better body and sexier lingerie, Melanie loved giving Jason this side by side comparison and made no immediate effort to move.
Maggie noticed her outfit and said, "Oh God, why do wear stuff like that?"
"Like what?" Melanie innocently answered.
"You know what," she said, "You were at church not a club."
Melanie sat on her bed, still facing the closet, and pulled one leg up into her chest.
"Sis," she replied, "No one saw anything; it's more comfortable, that's all."
"What do you mean?" Maggie asked, genuinely curious.
"These thigh high stockings," Melanie replied as she began slowly rolling the one down the leg that she had pulled up, "Allow for a lot more comfort. I can't stand the way pantyhose hold my panties in place. Plus the pantyhose make me so hot and wet there,"
As she finished her comment, she gently patted her panties between her legs.
"That's ridiculous," Maggie replied, "You just do it for attention. You know real men, the kind you want to marry, don't even like that stuff."
"This was too good," thought Melanie.
Melanie commented, "Really? You don't think your Jason would like this? I could let you borrow some if you think he would."
"He most certainly would not be interested," Maggie quickly replied. "In fact, we were at the mall the other day, and I commented on how inappropriate some of the Victoria's Secret posters were and he nodded. I told him that I would never dress like a slut like that."
Melanie gave a sympathetic frown, more towards the closet than to her sister as she began rolling the other stocking off of her leg, "That's too bad," she said, "You and he may never know what you're missing. So, you two just have standard, basic sex, I guess?"
Maggie practically exclaimed, "Of course not, I won't let him do that until we are married. I've told you that."
"I forgot," Melanie lied, "Jason doesn't try for that now?"
"He has, of course, but I only let him kiss and touch a little; that's what good girls do, Melanie." She told her condescendingly.
"Sounds kind of mean to me," Melanie answered, "Don't you want to see him experience pleasure?"
"Not like that," Maggie said.
Maggie was taking a step toward the door, and Melanie didn't want that so she quickly stood and grabbed her arm. "Before you leave, let me show you something; look at my closet."
She guided Maggie to a spot directly in front of the closet and stopped her.
She paused just for a second, knowing that Jason would be panicking, and then continued. "Look at the mirror on the closet door."
She listened, and though she didn't hear anything, she was quite sure that Jason had given a sigh of relief when he realized that she was showing Maggie the mirror.
Melanie knew that there was no comparison between the sisters, but why not flaunt it for a while, she thought.
As the sisters both stood in bras and panties looking into the mirror, Melanie pointed out the difference in Melanie's tight abs and toned legs and arms compared to her sister's.
"I can help you if you'd like," she sweetly said, "It won't take but about thirty minutes per day."
"Not interested, you know I hate exercise, and I'm not fat." Maggie said.
"Of course you're not, sis," Melanie said, "But it will make you healthier and more fit. Plus as you age, you'll need to exercise to maintain your size."
"I'm not worried about that; I'll be fine," Maggie tersely said; she then decided to go on the attack. "You're the one who needs to worry, with those huge boobs."
Melanie seized this opportunity. "Something's wrong with my boobs?" she teased.
This exchange allowed her an excuse to turn and pose to the mirror and the closet with her chest on prominent display. She bent over a touch and turned side to side, allowing Jason a complete view.
She then held her sister by the shoulders and turned her through the same motions, giving Jason a direct comparison of her nice, full C cups and Maggie's A's.
"I don't think they are so bad," Melanie stated after her performance.
"They'll sag," Maggie said smugly, "Mine won't."
Melanie walked across the room to her makeup vanity and picked up a bottle, then returned to her sister's side. "Oh, I don't think so; I have this cream. It's supposed to prevent that."
Melanie reached behind her back and unlatched her bra, finally removing it. She turned her front to the mirror and said, "They seem firm enough, sis."
She was posing with them, even holding and squeezing them.
"You're nineteen, Melanie, of course they are firm, just wait," Maggie replied.
"That's what this cream is for." As Melanie answered, she squirted some of the cream on her chest and began to sensually rub it in.
She knew that Jason had to be going crazy, but she had no desire to let up.
"Try it, sis," she said to Maggie.
"What? Why? I don't have any problem." She answered.
"It's great for the skin; trust me." Melanie said, and without waiting for a reply squirted some on her chest above her bra. This left Maggie no choice but to remove her bra and begin rubbing it in.
Jason was now stuck watching the sisters stand practically directly in front of him, in nothing but panties, rubbing lotion on their tits. Well, technically Maggie still had nude pantyhose on also, but truthfully, he was not paying much attention to Maggie.
"It does feel nice," Maggie admitted.
"Yes, kind of like a massage," Melanie agreed.
"Here, let me show you," Melanie added as she squirted more into her hand. She then began rubbing it into Maggie's chest with massaging motions on the bottom of her boobs.
"This is weird, Melanie," Maggie said, but she didn't pull away.
"Only a little sis, close your eyes and just think of it as a massage," she told her, and Maggie did what she was told.
After a few more seconds, Melanie reached for one of Maggie's hands, rubbed some lotion on it and placed it on her own chest.
Now the sisters were rubbing each other's tits with the lotion no more than five feet from Jason, who was undoubtedly going crazy.
After the lotion had been rubbed in, the girls pulled their hands away from each other.
Maggie felt awkward and spoke first, "That is nice lotion," was all she could come up with to say.
"Come here," Melanie replied, and she led her older sister to her vanity. "Have a seat."
As Maggie sat, Melanie placed some of her makeups and perfumes in front of her. "Try some of this; it's a lot different than the drugstore stuff you use, and it feels a lot better."
"Really? You never let me use your stuff." Maggie asked.
"Just try it; don't use it all," Melanie laughed like it was a joke. "I'll just be over here; I'm going to straighten out my closet today."
Maggie began playing with the makeup, and Melanie kneeled in front of the closet, pushing it open just enough for her to crawl in, at least the front half of her body.
Jason couldn't move without making noise and looked almost scared as Melanie was practically on top of him with those gorgeous boobs hanging inches from him.
Melanie smiled at him and placed a finger on her lips to remind him to stay quiet. She then reached all around him and picked up shoes and clothes and set those items in front of the closet on the floor of her room. This way, if Maggie happened to turn around from the vanity mirror, it would look like the closet was being worked on.
Melanie now grinned at Jason like the cat who had just swallowed the canary and began stroking his thigh. He put a hand up to try to stop her, but she easily deflected it with her other hand.
She had too many advantages; she could move about, she could make noise and she was determined. Jason had a very limited range of motion and had to try to stay silent. Plus, a good part of him wanted Melanie to be doing exactly what she was doing.
Within a minute or two, Melanie had Jason's shirt pulled up and was massaging his chest and stomach, allowing her hands to stray from time to time just a little into his shorts.
While continuing this, she called out to her sister, "Maggie, will you give me some advice?"
"Sure, if I can." Maggie quickly replied.
"I think I want a guy like Jason," Melanie said, "What does he like?"
"Well, he's just a normal guy, Melanie; he goes to school and studies and rides his bike some." She answered.
"No, I mean, when you two are making out. The guys I seem to go out with are aggressive somewhat," Melanie clarified.
"Oh, he's nothing like that; he mainly just likes to kiss," Maggie answered.
As Maggie answered, Melanie traced here lips, first with her tongue, then with her finger which she then placed in her mouth and slowly removed.
"Just kiss? Really?" she said as she now traced Jason's lips with her finger and pushed it is his mouth, allowing him to suck on it.
"Sometimes he tries to grab my tits," Maggie admitted.
"Do you let him?" Melanie asked as she guided one of Jason's hands to one of her own generous boobs. She guided his hand all over it and let him stroke and squeeze it. All the while she continued her oral tease of slowly licking her lips. This time though, she leaned down and brushed her lips against his, not allowing a kiss, which could make a sound, but allowing him to become that much more aroused.
"Sometimes," Maggie continued, "Usually more over the shirt, only occasionally under. That's all he needs."
"Really? That's surprising; usually guys need more." Melanie said. "Do you rub him too?
"What?" Maggie asked for clarification.
"Like, do you, you know, ever rub his cock?" Melanie said.
"Oh no!" Maggie practically exclaimed, Are you crazy?"
"I meant, like, through his clothes, like you said he does to you," Melanie backed off the statement somewhat to allow Maggie to calm down a bit. She also glanced over and saw that Maggie seemed to have moved from makeup to mascara but was still occupied.
Melanie was now giving long full strokes along Jason's cock, through his bicycle shorts, which conveniently held everything in place.
"Oh no, he wouldn't like that," Maggie said, "He's not a perv."
Melanie gave a mock frown to Jason as she answered her sister, "So I guess you've never given him a hand job either?"
"Oh no, that would be disgusting, Melanie, think about what would happen when he exploded. How nasty and messy would that be?" Maggie answered. "Have you ever done that Melanie?"
"A few times, I admit," Melanie said.
"Oh God, why?" Maggie asked.
"It just happened," she began to answer while now easing Jason's shorts down allowing his cock to pop free.
"I think the first time, his cock just kind of popped out of his shorts and so I grabbed it and began pumping," she answered as she began emulating exactly what she was describing.
She slowed down her pumping and continued talking, "Then I learned to slow it down a bit and allow the anticipation to build. It can be quite empowering to be in total control of a guy like that."
"That's just weird, Melanie; normal guys aren't like that," Maggie answered.
"Was her sister really this sheltered and naïve?" Melanie thought. "How can a 21 year old girl be this stupid?"
"The ones I find are," Melanie responded. "Sometimes they even ask for a blow job?"
While expertly manipulating Jason's cock, Melanie raised an eyebrow at him in a questioning manner while saying the line about asking for a blowjob. Jason nodded vigorously and mouthed "Please."
"Oh gross sis, I'll never, ever do that. I can't even imagine a cock in my mouth." Maggie said.
"Really?" Melanie asked as she moved her mouth to Jason's cock and began to give light, gentle licks to it, like she would a popsicle. "You mean Jason will never get a blow job, ever, if you two get married?"
"No way, Melanie," came the reply, "I'll never put a cock inside my mouth."
Between licks, she answered, "I guess maybe you could just lick it, not put it all the way in."
"Melanie that's still gross; I'll never." She answered without a pause. "It won't be an issue though."
"Oh?" Melanie managed to say between licks.
"I'll never marry a guy who has ever done that, so he'll never think he's missing anything. You know, nice guys." Maggie went on to say.
Melanie said, "All the guys I know really seem to like them and want them."
She then began taking his cock into her mouth. First, just the tip, then a little further, while allowing her tongue to swirl around the cock.
"You should meet someone like Jason; he's not like that." Maggie said.
If her mouth had not been fully around Jason's cock at that point, Melanie was sure she would have laughed out loud. But luckily, Melanie had sped up and was quickly bringing Jason to completion. As he shot into her mouth, she swallowed and continued making sure that he was completely spent and that he had received a practically perfect blowjob.
"Maybe he can introduce you to one of his friends; they're nice guys also," Maggie said while Melanie was finishing up on Jason.
Melanie wiped her face on something hanging in the closet and pulled back into the bedroom.
"That might be nice," Melanie responded, "We've never been on a double date together."
Maggie turned around and saw Melanie still in the same position in front of the closet and laughed, "You haven't gotten much done."
"You look nice," Melanie said hoping to change the subject. "The makeup I mean."
"I know what you meant," Maggie said, "I do like some of it. I need to run though. Thanks."
"Ok, bye," Melanie responded.
Melanie was thinking about what to do now; it had occurred to her that her sister might just be a naïve prude, not a selfish bitch. Were those two things mutually exclusive, who knew?
She now had to deal with getting Jason out unseen, but she thought that her relationship with Maggie might have actually improved. Maggie had seemed to have enjoyed their talk and had not been terribly judgmental. Melanie may have to go on a blind date or two with a friend of Jason's, but that would now be quite humorous. That is, assuming that Jason would even want to go out with Maggie again after all he had just seen and heard.
Melanie realized that she had gone too far, but she rationalized, what's done is done. She will make it better going forward, she thought.
About then, Maggie came back into Melanie's room. She was now wearing jeans and a t-shirt.
"Hey Melanie, I'm calling Jason; he mentioned going to the Earth Day concert today; I'll ask him to bring a friend and then you can come with us," she said.
"Well, sure, I guess," Melanie answered, "If it's alright with you two."
"Of course, I'll call now," Maggie said as she started dialing on her cell phone.
Melanie thought everything might actually work out.
But then, about ten seconds later, all hell broke loose.
When a cell phone started to ring in Melanie's closet.