I have a disability that requires I use a wheelchair in order to get around. I broke my neck in a skiing accident that resulted in me becoming paralyzed. I am now classified as a quadriplegic or tetra-plegic depending on what medical jargon you subscribe to. Either way, I am a person first, with all of the blessings and shortfalls that go along with that.
Just to clarify a common misnomer regarding quadriplegia. There are varying levels of paralysis as well as complete and incomplete injuries that are included under the umbrella of quadriplegia. Those who think that ALL quadriplegics can only move their head are mistaken.
Fortunately for me, I can move my arms. I am paralyzed from roughly the middle of my chest down the rest of my body. I can flex both wrists but cannot move my fingers voluntarily. I have biceps but no triceps. Lastly, I have a supra-pubic took that allows me to empty my bladder (leaving my penis free to enjoy even though my sensation is diminished). The mind and body are amazing!
I have a live-in girlfriend. She is absolutely amazing in many ways and we both share a love for being naked at home, outdoors, or any place that sparks our interest. Don't get me wrong, we aren't exposing ourselves to random people but rather we enjoy taking our clothes off and being naked out in the open - typically away from other people but other times in areas where people are around but unaware of us.
The thrill and excitement is from being naked outside, not scaring strangers. As such, we are often at home in the nude or wearing as little clothing as possible when we run errands on the weekend. The occasional accidental naked exposure is something we tease one another with at times when out in public.
My girlfriend rarely wears panties. She looks great in a pair of shorts and a linen top. She also wears simple cotton dresses that are quite easy to pull off or put back on as situations arise. Being that I use a wheelchair (an electric wheelchair to be precise), wearing loose-fitting clothing (or none at all) is the most comfortable way to live. I often wear a t-shirt and sweatpants with no underwear on the weekends when we are off work together.
We also play sexual games as well as role play. Our creativity is not boring and we seem to have limitless ideas to try out. This story is about one such event that took place on a Sunday.
It was my birthday weekend and my girlfriend, Jean, made it very clear we could do whatever I wanted over the weekend. We went out with Friends on Friday and stayed home on Saturday and Sunday. The spring weather was gorgeous this particular weekend with the daytime temperatures in the high 80s.
I wasn't sure if we were going to run some errands on Sunday morning so when we got up, Jean and I got dressed. It turned out that we actually didn't need to go anywhere so after we ate a quick breakfast, I asked Jean to help me get undressed.
She pulled my sweatpants down past my knees exposing my neatly trimmed genitalia (another birthday perk). I pulled off my t-shirt and put it away in the closet. I then wheeled out onto the covered back patio to enjoy the nice weather.
I already had my laptop set up on the glass table. I planned on enjoying the nice weather mostly naked and write a bit. Jean wanted to catch up on some shows she had recorder so I enjoyed the patio by myself.
I listened to the sounds of the neighborhood while I sat naked and enjoyed myself. The backyard was large and backed up to a side street. A block wall surrounded the entire yard with neighbors on either side of my house. There were two-story townhomes on the opposite side of the street. I wasn't entirely sure if one could see into my backyard from a second-story window but the thought that they could excited me.
The block wall I shared with both of my neighbors was around six feet tall. This allowed for some privacy but one could easily look over the wall if they so desired. The neighbors' house to my left was two-stories. The one to my right was a single-story home.
I spent the afternoon outside on the back patio writing a story that I planned on uploading to Literotica while nearly naked. It was definitely arousing. I would take short breaks whenever I felt the need to wheel around the patio or roll into the backyard to enjoy the sunshine on my naked body.
Sitting in my wheelchair out in the yard was exciting because I was out in the open, exposing myself much more than when I was on the patio at the table. I sat momentarily under the sun and pushed my legs apart, revealing even more of my balls and cock to the sunlight and whoever else might be watching me. It felt amazing.
Around 5:30 pm, Jean asked me what I wanted for dinner. My reply of "your pussy" didn't seem to gratify her question. We decided to snack on a few leftovers since neither one of us was very hungry.
Leaving my sweatpants wrapped around my lower legs, I grabbed a t-shirt and pulled it over my head. For some reason, I feel strange eating food naked. I guess wearing a shirt makes me feel more comfortable, even if my cock and balls are fully exposed.
Jean and I sat and ate in front of the TV. She sat on the couch while I sat in my wheelchair next to her. Jean teased my semi-erect cock in my lap with her bare foot. I looked over at Jean and smiled. She just shook her head and laughed. I loved how Jean just got me and went along with my weird sexual kinks.
"So, when are you going to head out front and wheel around the cul-de-sac like that?" Jean joked, knowing I would welcome the challenge.
"It's still light outside." I replied. "I'll do it after dark though!"
"I'm sure you would enjoy that." Jean said and thought nothing more about it.
I watched the rest of the show she had on TV and then wheeled out of the room. I grabbed my laptop from the patio and plugged it back into the charger in the den. I returned to writing my story.
"I'm going out front to feed the birds." Jean said from the living room. "Are you going to join me?"
"Yep!" I answered as I headed towards the front door.
Jean had already opened the garage and headed outside. I made sure to turn off the front porch light before opening the door and wheeling outside. I still had my t-shirt on with my sweatpants pushed down around my ankles. I closed the screen door behind me as I made my way outside.
There were four houses on the cul-de-sac. Across the street was another cul-de-sac, but it was comprised of ten houses. As such, the street was much longer and not in the shape of a half-circle like our cul-de-sac.
I was almost dark outside. The lone streetlight, located on the opposite end of the circular drive was already on. Not sure who was out front, I pulled my sweatpants up past my knees and repositioned my t-shirt so that I appeared as if I was fully dressed.
I wheeled down the front sidewalk towards the driveway where Jean was standing. She was petting the neighbor cat before filling up the empty bird feeders that were hanging in the Palo Verde tree in the front yard. The garage light was turned on which illuminated the garage and nearly half of the driveway.
Jean looked at me and began to give me a hard time.
"You chickened out I see." she joked as she pointed at my half-assed attempt to cover myself.
"I didn't know who was out here and I didn't want to just wheel out front at full speed with a raging hard on!" I tried to justify.
Jean again laughed at me and proceeded to fill the bird feeders. I wheeled down to the end of the driveway and checked the mailbox. I grabbed the mail and headed back towards the house. Jean met me by the driveway and pulled up my t-shirt, revealing my hard cock.
She started to stroke my erection right there on the driveway. The light from the garage illuminated our every move. I looked at Jean while she jerked me off. My back was to the street so anyone driving by couldn't really see what Jean was doing. Still, it was awesome.
I glanced to my left and right at each of the neighbor's houses. There were no lights on in their windows. Jean gave me a kiss and headed into the garage to put the bird seed away. I wheeled towards the front of the house and sat in the dark on the little patio area.
I took off my t-shirt and let my sweatpants fall down around my ankles. I sat quietly in the dark and masturbated. My neighbor's window was maybe ten feet away from where I was. I couldn't believe what I was doing out in the front of my house but it was very arousing.
I heard the garage door begin to close as I jerked off. I saw a few cars drive by the cul-de-sac while I sat in the dark and pleasured myself. After a few minutes I wheeled inside and closed the front door.
Jean gave me an interesting look as I wheeled into the house, seeing that I was nearly naked out front.
"Did you wheel around the cul-de-sac like that?" Jean asked from her seat on the couch.
"No, I was playing with myself out on the front patio under the cover of darkness." I replied. "But it was pretty fucking arousing sitting out there like this!"
Jean laughed out loud at my response. I wheeled back to the laundry room and tossed my t-shirt in the dirty clothes pile. I hadn't realized that Jean was right behind me until she spoke.
"Let me get your sweatpants too so I can wash them tonight." Jean said as she walked in front of me and knelt down.
Jean removed my shoes and set them aside. She then lifted each leg and pulled off my sweatpants. She also removed my socks, being careful not to open my leg bag! I was surprised that she removed all of my clothing but I figured she just wanted a full load for the washer.
I sat in my wheelchair completely naked, without one stitch of clothing on. Jean grabbed my shoes and headed towards our bedroom. I wheeled into the den to look at myself in the mirror. I stared at my naked image and touched my body.
Jean started a load of laundry and closed the laundry room door. She then headed towards the living room. I followed behind her. Jean started to watch another episode of something on Netflix while I looked out the screen door that led to the front patio.
"Maybe I should wheel out onto the driveway like this!" I joked as I gently teased my hard cock in one hand.
"If that's what you want to do, go ahead." Jean replied.
I seriously thought about it but didn't follow through with the idea. Instead, I headed back to the den to continue writing a story. Somehow, being naked and aroused seemed to spark my creative juices.
I spent about a half hour writing before getting the urge to go back outside. The weather was beautiful even though it was close to 7:00 pm. As I wheeled towards the back door, I yelled at Jean telling her I was headed out back one last time before we called it a night.
I could hear the TV but no response from Jean. I was certain she heard me and besides, I wasn't going far - just out onto the back patio.
I wheeled out the door and closed it behind me. There was a streetlight almost directly across the street from the back wall. It illuminated over half of the backyard. We had four large trees that blocked some of the light, more so near the side of the house that was next to our neighbor who lived in the two-story house. That was also the side of the house that had a walkway to where we stored the garbage cans. There was a large RV gate and a side door to the garage as well.
I sat on the patio enjoying being completely naked in my wheelchair outdoors. I stroked my hard cock with my left hand while I maneuvered the joystick for my powerchair with my right hand. I slowly wheeled around in the darkness on the patio as I masturbated.
It was quiet outside. I didn't want to make too much noise as I wheeled around in the darkness playing with myself. I saw the kitchen light turn on and watched as Jean closed the blinds to the back door. Then I heard the sound of the door being locked.
I could have rushed to the door and knocked on it to get Jean's attention or call out her name so that she knew I was still outside without any clothes on. But I didn't. I didn't do anything except watch Jean turn out the lights and disappear. I thought about what was happening while I continued stroking my hard cock.
I quietly wheeled over to the French doors that opened out to the patio from our bedroom. The curtains were partially open allowing me to peer through the glass inside. The room was dark but the hallway light was on. I could see Jean. She had changed clothes and had her purse in her hand. She was walking down the hallway towards the garage. I could faintly hear her as she opened the door to the garage.
"Hey sweetie, I'm going to get gas and stop by the grocery store. I'll be back in about an hour or so." Jean yelled down the hallway as she opened the door and left!
My heart jumped inside my chest. Jean was about to leave while I was locked out of the house completely naked! She must have thought that I was still in the den writing.
Again, I didn't make a sound or try and get her attention. I simply stroked my cock and watched Jean disappear into the garage. I heard her car start up and pull away. I was locked out of my house without any clothes or way of getting back in until Jean returned.
The reality of what just happened made me climax. I was so aroused from being locked in the backyard completely naked that I started to cum. I watched as strings of cum shot from the tip of my cock and splattered on the glass of the French doors. I moaned loudly as I eagerly stroked my cock. My orgasm was intense and very satisfying.
My confidence and arousal quickly faded once I finished cumming. I suddenly felt like all of my neighbors could see me and what I had just done. I was outside in the nude playing with myself and everyone knew it.
I found a dark corner of the patio and hid in the dark. I was naked and alone with nothing to cover my exposed body. My skin seemed to glow in the dark making it impossible to hide. Suddenly, I heard what sounded like people nearby. Had someone heard me climax? Maybe my neighbors were concerned and coming over to check on me?
I sat perfectly still in the dark corner of the patio and kept an eye out for any movement. I could hear cars driving along the street behind my house. The sounds of music drifted on the breeze from somewhere nearby. Looking at the townhouses across the street, I could see lights turning on and off in the windows.
What was I thinking letting Jean leave while I did nothing to stop her? How long had she been gone? She would be back soon...right?
The later it got, the cooler it felt outside. The temperature was dropping and I was naked. I made myself move. I had to. I wheeled over to the back door and tried to open it. It was definitely locked. I then wheeled to the bedroom doors. They were locked as well.
Did I lock the front door from earlier? I couldn't remember. Maybe it was still unlocked? The only way that I could get there was out the side RV gate. That would also mean I'd have to wheel across the well-lit driveway in order to reach the front door.
It was worth a try. As quietly as possible, I made my way along the path that led to the side of the house. It meandered along the block wall leaving me out in the open under the streetlight. I had no choice so I did it.
Wheeling next to the brick wall meant I was right by the street and sidewalk. Cars passing by seemed very close. A passing motorcycle nearly made jump out of my skin. I was able to make it to the side yard with relative ease.
I stopped for a moment under the last tree in the yard. Once I past this spot, I wouldn't have anywhere to hide. My neighbors two-story house was also along this side of the wall. I peeked up at the second story from where I sat. I didn't see any lights on.
I wheeled out from under the mesquite tree and headed towards the RV gate. I forgot about the motion sensor on that side of the house. I was a good 100 feet from the gate when two flood lights turned on and immediately lit up the darkness.
There was no way to hide my nakedness. I was blinded for a moment but was able to keep heading to the RV gate. If my neighbors were upstairs when the flood lights turned on, they would have seen me for sure.
I wheeled up to the RV gate and hid behind the trash cans while I figured out my next move. The flood lights were still on making it nearly impossible to hide my naked body. I glanced up at my neighbor's house and didn't see anyone. Hopefully, I got lucky.
I undid the latch on the RV gate and slowly pushed it open just enough for me to wheel past. Luckily, there wasn't any direct light in this area. The driveway was another ten feet ahead. I wheeled out from the side of the house and closed the RV gate behind me.
I tried to stop it before it closed entirely but I was too slow. I heard the self-locking latch secure the gate. Once again, my heart pounded in my chest as I realized I was now locked outside in the front yard. I prayed that the front door was open!
I spun around in my wheelchair and inched forward towards the driveway. I was trying to be as quiet as possible. My neighbor's front door was just a few feet to my right. They had a large window next to it that looked out across the cul-de-sac and precisely where I was - with no clothes on.
A car drove past along the street as I made it to the edge of the driveway. I stopped and waited. I carefully scanned the cul-de-sac for any sign of people. I couldn't see anybody. Taking a risk, I wheeled at full speed across the driveway towards my front of my house.
There was a short walkway opposite the driveway that led to the front door. A bush and Palo Verde tree blocked some of the area from the street. I rolled along the walkway to the front door. As I reached out to see if the door was unlocked, the front porch light turned on.
I was bathed in light by my front door completely nude. Jean must have flipped the switch inside for the motion sensor. My neighbors or anyone driving by couldn't miss seeing me. I quickly tried to open the door but couldn't. It was locked as well.
I wheeled off the front porch and headed to the far side of the brick patio. It was darker but I still felt like I was on display for anyone who was nearby. l sat quietly looking around not knowing what I was going to do next. After about 30 seconds, the porch light turned off.
I dared not move for fear of setting off the porch light again. I was sitting with my back to the house facing the cul-de-sac. I was uncomfortably close to my other neighbor's house. There were two windows that faced my direction. I knew, from being inside their house, that the windows were part of the living room. Luckily, it was dark inside their house.
More cars than I would have liked drove by along the street. I caught my breath and began to relax even though I was still locked outside in the nude. I was somewhat hidden under the cover of darkness.
Even though I was in the shadows, I could easily see my pale skin, especially the erection between my legs. The last thing I should be doing was stroking my hard cock out in front of my house yet that was exactly what I was doing.
Knowing I was in such an open area completely naked strangely aroused me. I stroked my hard on while I looked out across the neighborhood. A car pulled into the cul-de-sac to turn around. The headlights flashed over my naked body as the car continued down the street. Nobody seemed to notice I was th0ere and what I was doing.
Adrenaline had been pumping through my body ever since Jean locked me in the backyard. I was once again aroused and nervous all at once. I quietly masturbated as I took in all that was going on around me.
Vehicles passed by on the street completely unaware of my naked exploits. Someone walking their dog on the sidewalk and talking on their phone were oblivious to my kinky activities. As long as I stayed hidden where I was, nobody would have any idea what joy I was experiencing.
While I jerked off and waited for Jean to return, I enjoyed the risk that I had taken. Even though it was chilly outside, my body felt hot to the touch. I was naked outside while I masturbated under the cover of darkness. It was bliss!
I heard a door open nearby and I momentarily stopped what I was doing. I sat motionless and waited. I looked at the joystick on my wheelchair and noticed it was still turned on. I quickly flipped the toggle switch turned it off. I sat quietly in the dark.
I watched as my neighbor, Carol, walked out of her house and started watering her plants in the front yard. I rarely ever saw her. Nobody did. She was a night owl and introvert and kept odd hours. Yet, here she was watering her yard.
I didn't move a muscle. I barely even breathed. Carol was dragging the hose around her yard as she smoked a joint. I watched as she slowly made her way to each plant, watered it for a moment, and continued on.
I was probably six feet away from the edge of her yard. There was a large bush and a cactus separating her yard from my patio. I sat still as I watched Carol slowly make her way in my direction.
There was nowhere I could go. If I tried to wheel away, she would see or hear me for sure. My only option was to remain where I was. Besides, I really had nowhere else to hide. I was stuck outside until Jean got home.
Carol continued watering her plants and taking an occasional drag from her joint. She made her way next to the edge of her yard and aimed the hose onto the large bush that grew next to the patio. I looked at her through the darkness hoping she didn't also see me.
Carol stopped walking and stood next to the cactus. I froze as Carol turned her head and looked at her surroundings. She looked in my direction. Carol seemed to stare directly at me. I held my breath and hoped for the best.
Carol's cell phone rang just as her eyes seemed to focus on me. She turned her head and answered the call, accidentally dropping the hose. Carol was more engaged with whoever had just called her rather than what she might have seen a moment before. She proceeded to walk away, heading towards her front door.
The end of the hose was pointed in my direction. The stream of water arched upwards and sprayed the patio right next to my wheelchair. The cold water splashed onto my naked body. The coldness took my breath away. Within seconds I had droplets of water all over me.
The cold water continued to spray me as I watched Carol walk out of sight. Just as I turned the joystick back on and moved out of reach from the hose, the water stopped. Carol must have turned off the water, which meant she was still outside.
I backed up to the house and hid in the darkness once again while I waited to see if Carol would walk back over to where she had dropped the hose. I could faintly hear her talking on her phone. Carol opened her front door and closed it. It was quiet again.
My naked body began to shiver in the cool night air. I wasn't sure if the electronics on my wheelchair had gotten wet from the hose. Unfortunately, electricity and water do not play nicely together. If the controls were affected, it would only be a short time before the wheelchair stopped working altogether.
That wasn't the only thing I had to worry about. I didn't know if Carol was going to come back outside after her phone call? Had she heard my chair move as I tried to get away from the hose? This naked outdoor adventure was not turning out as I had planned.
I tried to stay hidden in the dark as much as possible without setting off the motion sensor to the front porch light. I tried my best to keep my body as warm as possible. I rubbed my arms and legs and wiped off as much water as I could.
My hands were cold. My cock was still semi-erect but cold to the touch. I had to do something in order to stay warm. The only thing that made sense was to masturbate (doesn't that always make sense?!)
I frantically gripped my cock and started to stroke it up and down. I made no sound while I kept an eye out for any of my neighbors who might be within earshot.
Carol hadn't seen me. I got lucky that her phone rang when it did. I began to wonder what I would have done had she noticed me sitting in the dark on the patio stroking my erection without a stitch of clothing in sight. What the hell could I have said or done to explain myself?
Carol: Wes, is that you?
Me: Oh, hi Carol. Yes, I'm just naked and masturbating out here in front of the house. Don't mind me. Beautiful night out, huh?!
I chuckled at the thought of that conversation. Luckily, I hadn't been caught. I continued stroking my cock and tried to stay warm while I waited for Jean to return.
I thought about what I should say or do when Jean returned? Should I wheel up to her car to see her reaction of me playing with myself in the nude out in the open? Or I could stay hidden in the dark and continue masturbating while I watched her unload the groceries and head inside?
Maybe I'd wait for her to find me? What would she think of not finding me in the house or the backyard? She knew I was completely naked before she left and I couldn't get dressed without her help. I wondered what she would think as I jerked off outdoors in front of the house.
I felt the urge to climax building up inside of me just as I recognized Jean's car pull into the cul-de-sac and park on the driveway. I sat in the dark and waited even though my body was cold.
Jean opened the garage door and got out of her car. She grabbed a few bags of groceries from the back seat and proceeded to walk into the garage. I was about to wheel down the sidewalk and go into the garage after her but I stopped. She had already pressed the button to close the garage door.
I waited a few minutes and grabbed my cell phone from the pocket in my wheelchair. I tried to call Jean but my phone wouldn't work due to getting wet from the hose.
I wheeled up to the front porch and rang the doorbell. Jean opened the door just as the porch light turned on, revealing my naked body. The look on Jean's face was priceless.
"What happened to you?" She asked surprised. "What are you doing out there?"
"It's a long story." I replied. "Quite arousing too, I might add."
"I'm sure it is." Jean added. "Since you are having so much fun, why don't you go check the mailbox?"
Jean closed the screen door and locked it. She stared back at me with a smile on her face.
I looked back at Jean in disbelief. She couldn't be serious. I was completely naked with a raging hard on and she was toying with me.
"Babe, someone might see me like this?" I argued.
"Well, if you stay on the porch under this light someone is going to see you for sure!" Jean replied back, laughing.
She had a point and I had few options at the moment. I was the one locked outside after all.
"Fine!" I agreed. "But if someone calls the police, I'm going to tell them you made me do this."
I turned around and headed along the sidewalk to the driveway. I stopped in front of Jean's car and waited. I looked down the driveway and along the street to see if there was anyone walking by. I also listened for any cars.
Not seeing or hearing anything, I wheeled onto the driveway and headed towards the mailbox. I opened it up and pulled out the envelopes inside. I placed them on my lap and turned around. Standing by her car was Jean. She had her phone out and was recording me.
I grabbed by hard cock and wiggled it back and forth for her while she recorded me.
"Looks like you have a special package." I joked. "I think it requires your personal attention!"
Jean continued recording me as I started to wheel back up the driveway with the mail.
"Not so fast!" Jean ordered. "Why not enjoy the nice weather?"
"You're not the one out her completely naked exposing yourself, that's why!" I answered as Jean recorded everything.
"Here, hand me the mail and show the camera that hard cock of yours." Jean said as she reached out her hand and grabbed the mail from my lap. "Go on, play with it baby!"
I loved it when Jean dared me to do things like this. I think she enjoyed it just as much as I did. I turned my head to look around. I didn't see anyone else except for Jean and I. I grabbed my hard cock and looked directly at Jean.
"You mean like this?" I replied while I jerked off for the camera. I was in the middle of the driveway stroking my cock in front of my girlfriend. Jean was egging me on as I felt my body start to climax.
I moaned out loud as streams of cum shot out of my cock landed on the driveway. Jean continued to record what I was doing, smiling from ear to ear. Cum landed on my knee and thigh as my climax subsided.
I took a deep breath and let go of my erection. I wheeled towards Jean as she focused the camera on my naked body.
"That's Wes for you!" Jean said before ending the recording and putting her phone in her pocket.
Jean leaned her head into my lap and wrapped her lips around my semi-hard cock. Her mouth made loud slurping sounds as she licked me clean.
"We better go inside before somebody really does see us." Jean stated.
I followed behind Jean as we walked up the sidewalk to our front door. Something caught my eye. I turned my head to my right and saw Carol looking out through her screen door. She was watching Jean and I.
I laughed to myself and followed Jean into the house. After some fun exploring each other's bodies, Jean and I went to bed for the night. We kissed one another and settled under the covers.
"Who would have known locking you outside would be so much fun?" Jean whispered in the dark.
I smiled and went to sleep.