Chapter One.
Sally was always the arty kid. She was never really into sports or group activities, not that she was a loner or anything like that. When she was being creative, though, she entered a kind of zen-like mindset and a peaceful state swept over her. I understood the feeling as it was how I was with music but for her, it was almost always something visual. She had tried many different media, drawing, charcoal, painting, sculptures even photography and video. It's like it's a part of her DNA, she has to be creating something to feel alive.
All through high school, she did alright academically, not top of the grade but certainly not at the bottom either, she never had any other goal in life other than to be doing something arts-oriented. When she finished high school it was straight on to uni where she found her "tribe". She went from being a part-time artist and a student to living life completely as an artist. It worried me as her mother to think that there probably wasn't much financial security for her future but any time I brought this up she told me that she would find a way. They say we all need to have faith and I guess Sally just had faith in her art. It wasn't easy to let go and let her work it out on her own but she was never unhappy with her choices and she always seemed to make ends meet.
Sally was always a precocious kid in the sense that she didn't seem to have the same social boundaries as her peers. If she wanted to know something or understand it better she would just ask. She never really cared that some subjects were considered taboo or that there was a time and place for certain conversations even. If she wanted to know something she just asked. If someone got offended or uncomfortable about it she considered that to be a problem with their thinking. It was refreshing in some ways but it could be embarrassing too.
When she was twelve years old we attended a wedding. We aren't a religious family at all so when we were invited to a friend's wedding at a catholic church Sally had a ton of questions. At first, it was all about the reasons for the use of the Latin language, then she had a lot of questions about the artistry of the church, especially the symbols and icons. Unfortunately, I didn't have all the answers and I could see her storing all the unanswered questions in her mind for whoever she decided would be more knowledgeable about the subject. Fortunately, this turned out to be my sister-in-law, who understood Sally very well and did her best to explain a lot of the church's history and background. She then went on to ask questions about the priest and his role. Again my Sister-in-law did her best to answer her questions. When she asked about the priest's wife she explained about the vow of celibacy. It was this that seemed to catch her attention more than anything else. She was fascinated but also flabbergasted by the idea of it. I could see she wasn't going to let it go so I tried to divert her attention and when that didn't work I tried to explain to her that it wasn't polite to discuss somebody's private and personal decisions in such a public place.
She thought about it for a while and I thought she had taken the hint and would ask no more questions. Oh, how wrong I was. The ceremony was over and people were standing around congratulating the new couple and just chit-chatting generally when I realised that Sally had disappeared. I looked around for her, wondering who she had decided to harass with a million questions now when I spotted the priest, sitting in a pew up the front of the church and talking animatedly with Sally. Oh no. This couldn't be good. I began walking towards them and I noticed he was pointing out different aspects of the building and some of the paintings, icons and imagery. I breathed a sigh of relief as I realised that she had gone to her favourite topic of art straight away and he seemed delighted to be telling her about them. I stepped forward and introduced myself.
"Hi, I'm Sue. Sally's mum."
"Oh hello, Sue. I'm Peter. Young Sally here couldn't contain her enthusiasm for the art in the church and I was just giving her some history of the art here. I have to say I'm stunned at her knowledge and understanding of it. You must be very proud."
He seemed to be genuinely delighted to have someone to talk to about it.
"I am, thank you, Father, I hope she hasn't had too many questions for you. She can be a bit full-on sometimes."
Sally looked at me as though I was being rude and it struck me as funny that she would find that rude.
"Please, just call me Peter. These ceremonies are formal enough without throwing titles around as well. I don't stand much on formality outside of them. As for questions, ask away Sally, People don't ask enough questions anymore in my opinion. A thirst for knowledge and understanding is something that should always be encouraged."
He turned to Sally with a look of expectation and I almost groaned out loud. I knew what was coming now that the green light had been given. She looked him dead in the eye without the slightest sign of embarrassment or shame then she asked what had been bothering her the most.
"My mum and my Aunt both said priests don't get married and aren't allowed to have sex, why not?"
I swear my face must have been glowing. I was so embarrassed.
"Sally! Didn't I tell you not to ask such personal questions?"
"Yes, but Peter said I should ask questions."
"I am so sorry, Peter."
To my surprise, he just laughed.
"That's quite alright. It is an unusual situation and it's perfectly normal to be curious about things like that. Well, Sally, part of becoming a priest is sacrifice. We decide as part of the process to dedicate ourselves to our parishioners and God. To show our faith and dedication we sacrifice the things that the majority of people search for in their life. It shows that we are prepared to live our life for God and others, not for ourselves."
Sally mulled this over for a while and I could see her struggling to understand it.
"Who tells you to do this?"
"Well, it is the tradition of the church or doctrine if you understand what that means. So, in some ways, it is the church itself that tells us this and in some ways, it is God telling us but I like to think of it as more of a personal choice and not so much that I am being told to do it."
"But isn't it nice, well, you know, to have sex? I mean mum said that's a big part of why people do it. Wouldn't god want you to have pleasure too?"
Okay, so if you are there God, if you do exist, now would be a great time to produce a small earthquake and just swallow me up, please.
I was mortified to the point where I couldn't say anything. Peter, though, just took it all in his stride as though she was asking for his opinion on the weather.
"In the church, we have an opinion that people should wait for marriage before engaging in that. But that doesn't mean we aren't aware of other opinions and ideas. I am sure it probably is fun, but I am equally sure that it shouldn't be taken too lightly either. Having said that, it's probably not the most important thing in life either and as much as it can be difficult to reject your basic desires it can be quite rewarding too."
I was stunned at his grace in answering her questions so freely and honestly and again Sally seemed to mull it over. I could see a thousand more questions beginning to form in her mind and I suspected that we would be here for the remainder of the day, then one of the other wedding guests turned up and wanted to speak to the Priest. He nodded in their direction then turned to Sally.
"Sally, thank you very much for your honest and very intelligent conversation. Please feel free anytime you are around to have another conversation with me. I genuinely enjoy your company, but alas, for now, I have other people that I need to talk to as well, okay?"
Sally nodded and smiled as he reached out and shook her hand, and then he turned to me. He had a huge grin on his face and beamed when I thanked him.
"The pleasure was all mine. Lovely to meet you both."
He wandered off in the direction of the woman who had greeted him and I shook my head in a mixture of relief and frustration. That certainly could have gone a lot worse than it did.
"Sally, you will be the death of me one of these days."
My brother and sister-in-law were in hysterics later on as I told them about the conversation. I was quite glad that we were only visiting and didn't live in this town or I know that Sally would have probably harassed Peter endlessly with weird random questions.
I had never forgotten this experience so I was reminded of it when Sally told me she had started to take on more art projects that made people question art. She wanted people to question what they saw and what they liked. It was this philosophy that would lead to her final thesis.
It was her final thesis that leads to the story I am about to share with you. It didn't just make me question art, it made me question everything I thought I knew about myself.
Chapter Two.
I had been single for most of my adult life. My husband, Sally's father had passed away when Sally was barely one year old and although I had dated several men since then nothing had stuck. I don't know why but none of them seemed to fit really. I don't know if I was closed off to them or just not adventurous enough in the sex department or what it was but none seemed to last very long.
I had never really been all that adventurous when it came to sex. I enjoyed it but I never really wanted to push any boundaries or take any risks. I guess you could say I was quite vanilla. It's not that things didn't intrigue me and I certainly have my share of fantasies but the majority of them would remain just that, fantasies. I was nervous about anything new and the thought of being caught outdoors or anything like that both turned me on and horrified me in equal measures. In my fantasies that sort of thing was hot but in reality, I could never do anything like that. I hadn't even committed that staple of teenage rights of passage, sex in the back of a car. I came close a few times but I inevitably made them take me home where it was safe and comfortable. It wasn't the actual sex I was scared of, just the being seen.
In her final year at uni, Sally had to produce a final piece that would show in some ways how far she had come and developed as an artist. She came home during one of her last semester breaks to discuss her plans for her final piece and thesis. I felt quite honoured that this strong, independent woman that she had become still valued my opinions and insights. We were seated around the dining table with our steaming cups of coffee and the morning sunlight coming in through the window and warming us. It was a beautiful morning made all the more beautiful by her company. I had missed having her around.
Spread out before us on the table were plans that Sally had drawn up for her piece. It was a large glass cube approximately eight feet, or two and a half metres square. Inside that cube was another, slightly smaller one with a chair in the middle.
"So, you see mum, the idea is all about the art of observing. It covers things like the way people view public art installations but also how people behave when they don't think they are being observed."
"Okay. So the chair I can understand that is where you will sit and observe those that are looking at it, but if you can see them, how is it that they can't see you, is it mirrored glass?"
"Exactly. Both cubes are mirrored glass so even if they put their face right up to the glass to see through, the most they will see is a reflection of themselves. On top of that, the outer glass case is warped, so their reflections are all warped. I did that mostly to produce a point of interest so that people would come and look at it."
"Interesting idea. How long do you plan on sitting in there and watching?"
"Well, that's where it gets tricky. What I really want to do is have several people sitting in it. Not all at once of course. I want to see what other people think of the process and have their thoughts and observations. I also don't want anyone to see people getting in and out of it. I will make it so that it is movable and every two hours or so we will swap out the observers. That way people can take a break, have meals, use the toilet etc."
"Hmm, good idea. Who have you got to do observations for you?"
"I'm still working on that but I'm pretty sure I can get some of the other students to help out. I was hoping you might want to participate though. I would love to have your input in my final piece."
I was surprised, to say the least. Quite thrilled that she wanted me to be a part of it and curious to see what she had envisioned. I agreed on the spot and couldn't stop myself from grinning.
This all took place months before the event and by the time it came around I was very excited for her. We met at the agreed location which was a warehouse behind a large outdoor shopping strip mall in the centre of town. It was a large town by local standards but by world standards, it isn't very big at all. When I entered the warehouse I saw Sally and a couple of other people standing around. To my surprise, one of the people was Luke. Luke was one of Sally's high school friends who I was sure that Sally had a bit of a crush on back then but nothing ever came of it. I have to admit, I could completely understand why she had a crush on him. Not only was he a very nice person and very polite to me, but he was also quite good-looking. I would never have said anything to anyone about it but there were a few times that my masturbation sessions had featured Luke in a fantasy that involved him coming over to visit Sally, who wasn't home and discovering me naked. It invariably ended up with me gagging on his cock as he ate my pussy to a wonderful and very wet orgasm.
I blushed as Luke said hello to me with a big smile. I knew he couldn't read my mind but my mouth was salivating at the thought of tasting his cock.
God, Sue, get your shit together girl. Is right now an appropriate time to be getting damp knickers?
That immediately made me think about my wet pussy as well as his hard, young cock and that just made matters worse. I noticed that both Luke and Sally were looking at me as though waiting for a reply and I realised that someone had asked me a question but I had no idea who or what.
"Hmm? Sorry, what was that?"
Sally smirked as though she knew where my mind had gone, even though I had never mentioned anything about my desires for him.
"I said, Luke has a class he needs to get to later, do you mind if he goes first?"
"Oh, no, not at all. Go for it, Luke."
I was still blushing madly while Sally opened the concealed hatch for Luke. She showed him the chair and the clipboard for taking notes. She handed him a bottle of water.
"Now, make yourself as comfortable as you can Luke. As soon as we shut the door we will be wheeling you out into the mall. Are you sure you don't need the toilet or anything else before you go?"
"No, I'm all good."
"And you have left your phone out here?"
"Sure have."
"Good, now, if you have an emergency or panic, or just really need to get out, there is a radio over here in the corner. Pick it up, hold the button and talk. I will hear you and I will come and get you okay?"
"I'll be fine Sally."
He smiled at her and began to get into the box. Once the door was firmly latched, two other students came forward to move the box out into the mall under Sally's guidance. They were gone for about five minutes and I sat waiting for Sally to return.
I had a bit of a chuckle at myself as I thought about the way my body had reacted to Luke's presence. I couldn't believe that I had had such a strong reaction. Sure he was a good-looking young man and it had been a while since I had had any attention of the physical kind but I hadn't become this wet, this quickly in quite some time. I thought about the last time I had had a man and although it was nice, he wasn't what you would call a great lover; in fact, it was over, all just a bit too soon. The popular consensus seemed to be that men around my age tended to have quite a bit less endurance than younger men and I understood that they couldn't necessarily help that but it would have been nice if he had paid a bit more attention to getting me there as well instead of just jumping on, cumming and leaving. It had left me feeling very put off. The sex itself was nice while it lasted but I had wanted a bit more than that.
Maybe that's why so many women my age become "cougars". They want a young man with a hard cock and stamina. Someone like Luke. Someone with a firm tight ass that I could grab hold of as he pounds my pussy mercilessly with his hard cock. His cock would stay hard, even after flooding my pussy with his cum so he could give me second helpings. Allow me to suck our combined juices off his firm manhood as I fondle his balls and ass, then bend me over and fuck me some more after eating me out.
God damn Sue, GET A GRIP!
I could feel my panties sticking to my crotch I was so wet. I was beginning to think that I might have to hit the town tonight and find some random guy to fuck some sense into me. Even if it was just to purge the thoughts of having my daughter's friend, a man half my age, no less, sliding his diamond-hard, oozing cock into my very slippery cunt.
I never used that word. It was one that I never really liked, I found it somewhat derogatory but that was exactly what it was right now. Nothing so feminine as a pussy, or delicate as a vagina. I had a dripping, cock-hungry cunt right now.
Sally came back into the room and walked towards me.
"And now we wait."
I smiled wanly at her and she looked back at me concerned.
"Are you okay Mum?"
"Of course, honey, just need to go to the loo."
"You look flushed, are you sure you are alright?"
"I'm fine, Sally. I'll be back in a bit."
Before she could interrogate me further I made a beeline for the toilets. As I walked I could feel the swollen lips of my pussy sliding against each other and my engorged clit. I wasn't even sure I would make it to the toilets without having a full-blown orgasm. Thankfully I did make it because I doubted I could have hidden what was happening if I didn't.
I pushed open the door, walked into the first cubicle and undid the button on my jeans. As I pulled the fly down the friction went through to my oversensitive clit like a small vibration and I felt the first tremors of an orgasm begin. I shoved my pants down and collapsed onto the seat. The fingers of my right hand seemed to have a will of their own as they dived between my thighs and slid over the top of my slit and onto my clit. That was all it took to send me twitching and shaking into the strongest orgasm I had had in a very long time. My legs were in a spasm and were drumming my heels against the floor as my toes tried to curl up inside my shoes. I was holding my breath and trying not to moan too loudly as I spasmed through this mighty orgasm.
Several moments later I was panting like I had just run a mile and I was slumped half on and half off the toilet seat. My fingers were covered in my cum and I could feel it halfway down my thighs. I couldn't believe what had come over me. I was in the process of gathering some toilet paper to try and clean myself up when I heard a noise that made me stop in fear. It was the sound of someone pulling their pants up, doing up a zipper, and then flushing the toilet.
Holy shit! There was someone else in one of the other stalls. I couldn't believe I hadn't checked that first. I was in such a rush to get in here that it completely slipped my mind. How much had they heard? I already knew that they would have heard everything. Had they figured out what the noises were? They would have to be deaf and stupid not to have figured out what was happening. This was horrifying. I couldn't believe I had just done something like that. Now somebody out there knew I had been in here masturbating. In a public toilet, no less. What was I going to do? I knew I couldn't stay here because Sally would come looking for me. I would have to face it sooner or later.
All I could do was hope that whoever was in there would be more discreet than I had just been. I could hear the person washing their hands and then drying them but the bathroom door didn't open straight away. I wasn't even game to move until I heard them leave. Whoever it was moved a couple of steps back towards the stall I was sitting in, there was a protracted silence that felt like it dragged on forever but was probably no more than thirty seconds, and then she strode purposefully towards the door and straight out. I breathed a sigh of relief as I heard her shoes clip-clopping away from the bathroom door and I began to get myself as cleaned up as I could.
I flushed the toilet and opened the door, glancing around nervously, even though I was sure that there was no one else in the bathroom now. I stepped out of the stall and towards the sink where I once again froze in fear. There, stuck to the mirror was a bright pink sticky note with writing on it.
"Sometimes it just can't wait, can it. I hope the rest of your day is just as good. It has certainly inspired me. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."
I could have curled up and died right there. It was one thing to suspect someone heard you and a complete other to have it confirmed. All I could do at this point was hope that they were true to their word. I pulled the note down and shoved it into my pocket after washing my hands. I took a deep breath and steeled my nerves as I pulled the door open and walked back out to Sally.
I opened the door and as I stepped out I couldn't stop myself from scanning the warehouse to see if anyone was looking at me or, even worse, pointing or laughing. I know I was behaving in a paranoid way but the reality is I was feeling somewhat paranoid. The further back to Sally I got without anything happening the more at ease I was beginning to feel.
Chapter three.
When I got back to Sally she was still looking concerned.
"Are you sure you're okay, Mum?"
I laughed, partly in relief and partly at the absurdity of the whole situation.
"I'm fine, just really had to go."
I put a lot of emphasis on the "really" and Sally looked me over once more as though confirming to herself that I was indeed fine and not just making it up. Then, seeming to be okay with what she saw changed the subject.
"Do you want to come and see it?"
"Of course I do."
Sally picked up the walkie talkie and we walked out into the mall. I was surprised as I saw several people already standing around the cube. Sunlight was glinting off it and I had to laugh as I saw some kids pulling faces in it. Luke must be getting a funny view from in there.
"Over this way, Mum."
I turned and saw Sally heading to a nearby cafe`. She was waiting at the door for me and when I got there she pointed to some tables outside.
"Grab one of those for us, Mum, and I'll get us a coffee each."
I turned and found one of the tables where we would be able to see the cube and watch the goings-on while we drank our coffee. While I waited my mind drifted back to the note in my pocket.
"You have inspired me."
Did that mean what I thought it meant? Was the mystery woman turned on by my brazen masturbation in a public toilet? Was she as wet as I was from listening to me play with my pussy? Was she going to play with her pussy while thinking about me playing with mine? Why was I getting all wet again thinking about some random faceless woman playing with herself? What was happening to me?
Sally returned with two cappuccinos and sat them on the table in front of us. She turned the other seat in the direction of the cube and sat down. She was beaming a big smile as she watched some more people approach it and look at it. They wandered around it and stared at it from as many different angles as they could.
"If only they knew that the cube was watching them back."
"Sally, I just want you to know how proud I am of you. This really is quite impressive what you are doing."
Sally smiled and touched my arm.
"Thanks, Mum. I'll be happy once I have all the information I can get and can put it into a presentation. If I pass, then I'll be proud."
"You'll pass honey. I do not doubt it at all."
Sally smiled and I was reminded, suddenly, of her father. She may have had similar looks and build as me but when she smiled she was so much like her father it wasn't funny. We were both fairly tall, well, above average but not basketball player tall. Where I had naturally dark blonde hair, Sally's, was more strawberry blonde. I was fairly slim as a kid and it took a long time before I had any shape or boobs to speak of, in fact, it wasn't until I was pregnant with Sally that I had what you would call a particularly feminine figure. I, unlike so many women, really liked what pregnancy did to my body. I grew hips and breasts and developed a somewhat hourglass figure that has stayed with me. Age and gravity are doing their thing but I am still relatively perky.
Sally has a slightly fuller figure than I did. She has a very pert butt and larger breasts that were still quite firm and sit high on her chest even without the support of a bra. I hope she appreciated that that wouldn't last forever. We had very similar facial features, although her lips were a little fuller than mine she had my pronounced cheekbones. She is a stunningly beautiful girl but then I may be just a little biased.
I loved to see her smile but it was often bittersweet for me. I missed him still and I knew he would be so immensely proud of Sally. We didn't often talk of her father these days. Not that I never wanted to but it had been nearly twenty years since he passed away and, well, life moves on. I spent a lot of time when Sally was younger telling her stories about him and I never hesitated to tell her anything she asked about him. I just think it is unfathomably sad that I got to know him so well and she missed out on having him in her life.
She was watching me in that studying way that she had, seemingly able to see into my mind.
"I wish Dad was here to see this, Mum."
"Yeah, me too. I was just thinking about him."
"I know."
I hitched a smile onto my face and forced myself to look around the mall. More to bring me back into the present than anything. That, and meeting Sally's eyes right now would most likely make me cry. This should be a day of celebration, not sadness, although, every celebration since his death had been tinged with a little sadness.
I looked at the cube again and I was forced to smile. The strangest thing was happening. A young woman, around Sally's age, was dancing in front of it, quite seductively in her short, and I do mean very short summer dress. I noticed then that some other girls around the same age were sitting on a bench nearby and were cheering and laughing. Sally heard the laughter and looked up in the direction of the cube as well. A laugh bubbled out of her as she saw what was going on.
"Oh wow. Lucky Luke hey?"
I laughed too as I imagined Luke sitting in the cube, getting quite a show. The girl spun around with a flourish, causing the bottom of her dress to rise, flashing her underwear briefly then struck a pose. Her friends were laughing and clapping while one of them recorded her with her phone. She skipped back to her friends and another one jumped up and took her place. I could faintly hear some music playing and I wasn't sure if it was coming from speakers in the mall or perhaps the girls had it playing. The next girl was a bit shorter than the first and had a slightly fuller figure. She was wearing a similar dress to the first girl but she had a significantly bigger butt. She immediately began to shake it like she was in a nightclub somewhere. She was very into what she was doing and was pushing herself to outperform the first girl. The others were cheering and egging her on. She kept running her hands all over her buxom body as she shimmered and shook and I was quite surprised to see anyone doing this in daylight in such a public place. I have to admit, I was a little jealous of her confidence and freedom. Strangely, I was a little jealous of Luke too.
I looked at Sally, who had a strange faraway look on her face. She was watching the girl dancing very closely. I wondered briefly, not for the first time in my life, if Sally was into girls. I knew she liked boys, several had been brought home over the years. They tended to be quite different to Luke, certainly, some were more feminine than him, but none ever lasted all that long. I knew that women had a lot more freedom to explore their sexuality these days. Again, I envied this generation's freedom there. It was a far more dangerous and complicated matter when I was a teenager. It was something I have been curious about for as long as I can remember but it had remained one of those "fantasy only" things. A situation had never arisen where I felt I could safely explore that side of myself.
"Whoa!"
It seemed to come from both my own and Sally's mouths at the same time. The girl dancing had bent over, right in front of the cube and was twerking to the point where her skirt was bouncing up and over her butt. At first, I thought, due to the angle we were watching from, that she had no underwear on but as the dress went a little higher I could see the strip of her G-string coming around. Sally laughed again.
"Luke is having a bloody great day."
I couldn't help but laugh as I imagined Luke sitting in the cube with an extreme close-up of this girl's butt in his face. Then the reality of that vision sunk in. Seeing her bouncing up and down, glimpsing her panties pulled tight over her pussy, just out of reach but right in front of me. Being able to watch but not touch. Desperately wanting to reach out to touch, to taste. My nipples were tingling with excitement and then the thought of Luke slipping his cock out of his pants and slowly beginning to stroke it. Right in front of this girl who has no idea what is going on behind her. The thought of him stroking his cock in there burned into my mind and I was suddenly quite wet again and struggling to sit still.
I could feel my face blushing and glanced out of the corner of my eye at Sally. I was worried that perhaps she had been watching me and had concluded where my mind had gone but I needn't have worried. Her eyes were focused intently on the girl and her cheeks were as pink as mine felt. She was subconsciously licking and biting her lips and I knew she was having similar thoughts to me. Like mother like daughter apparently.
The dancing girl walked back to her friends and they were all giggling. She pointed at one of them and said something that we couldn't hear but her friend was shaking her head no. The others were all calling for her to do the same until she said something that made them all laugh. The girl who had just been dancing gave her a look that said she didn't believe her. The girl, still sitting, looked around a little nervously to see if anyone nearby was watching then lifted the hem of her skirt in the direction of her friend and coincidentally in the direction of the cube. Her friend pointed and laughed then said, in a voice loud enough to carry to us over the general noise of the mall.
"Oh my god, it's true."
They all cracked up laughing, in a good-natured way. The girl still standing even high-fived her.
"I wonder what she just said."
I didn't realise I had spoken out loud until Sally responded.
"I'm betting she said she isn't wearing any panties. She proved it by flashing her pussy at her friend. If only she knew she was flashing Luke as well."
It was a strange realisation to have but I was pretty sure that was the first time Sally had ever said the word pussy in a sexual manner to me. All kinds of thoughts were running through my head and I had to instantly dismiss them as being wrong and nasty. Why the hell was it turning me on so much then?
I turned and focused on my coffee. Desperately trying to get my thoughts, and indeed my pussy, back into control.
"Come on Sally, drink your coffee before it goes cold."
She turned and looked at it as though surprised to see it.
"Oh, yeah. I forgot I had it."
She gave a small chuckle as she shook her head.
"You know, mum. This is quite a bit more exciting than I thought it would be. I was worried it would be dead boring."
"Well, it certainly hasn't been so far."
"It sure hasn't. I just hope it's not boring for everyone else. I think Luke has been lucky. Really, very lucky."
She got a faraway wistful look on her face as she said this last and I could see her imagination was flaring up again. I wished I could see what she was thinking but then I wondered what she would think if she could see mine. I blushed again, thinking about her seeing the thoughts that had been floating through my head.
The sun had come out and the light cloud covering that had been present at the start of the day had burned off. The breeze had slowed right down and the day was warming up. I had a moment of realisation that I was probably not dressed entirely right for this. I knew it would be hotter in the box. The more I thought about it the more I realised I was right.
"Sally, is there much ventilation in there? I reckon I'm going to cook."
I pointed to my clothing to emphasize the point and Sally gave me the once-over.
"Hmm, you may be right. Have you got anything cooler you can put on?"
"Not on me but if I hurry I can probably get something from in there before it's my turn."
I pointed to one of the department stores in the mall. Sally glanced at her watch and nodded.
"Yeah, we've got about an hour still before we have to get Luke out of there. I'll let you go on your own though, I'll just slow you down."
I gave Sally a quick kiss on the cheek as I stood up.
"I'll see you soon."
I walked into the store and looked back over my shoulder to make sure that Sally hadn't followed. I know I shouldn't be so paranoid but I didn't want her to see that I needed to buy new underwear as well. I couldn't believe the way my body was behaving today. I just kept getting so turned on and I was now just as wet as I had been when I rushed off to the toilets earlier.
I wasted no time in locating the underwear section and picked up a pack of underwear that I knew was my size and comfortable as they were the same old boring department store knickers that I almost always bought. They were right next to some thong-style ones. This was something I had never really tried before as the thought of them between my cheeks seemed uncomfortable. I had a moment where I thought, why not give them a go? I did what I always did when I had that thought though and sort of laughed inwardly and walked away.
I moved over to the dresses and immediately saw the same style that the girls that were dancing in front of the cube were wearing. They looked so cute in them that I wondered if I could pull off the same look. I know I'm older and I'm not going to try and look like a teenager but they were really cute. I picked one off the shelf that was my size and held it up to my body. My first thought was, no way I could wear a dress this short. I put it back on the rack and moved on but I felt a pang of sadness come over me. Why couldn't I wear that? It's not as though I am in bad shape or anything.
"Don't be silly. Sally would be embarrassed to be seen with you in that."
I moved on until I found a dress that was "more suitable" and walked towards the dressing rooms. I don't know exactly what came over me but it was like my body had a mind of its own and was telling my brain off for being a prude. I walked past the spot where the first dresses were hanging and grabbed one off the rack. It was in my hands and I had taken about a dozen steps before I even realised I was doing it. I spent the rest of the walk convincing myself by saying "it can't hurt to just try it on".
I half expected a smirk from the girl attending the dressing rooms but she just smiled and pointed me in the direction of the empty changing rooms.
"They are all empty so take your pick."
I went to the furthest one and closed the door. I removed each layer, folding them neatly onto the bench until I stood there in just my bra and damp underwear. I then did what I rarely do. I stood there and looked over my body. As though looking at a stranger's body. Trying to see it as somebody else would. Not focusing on the blemishes or the imperfections that I almost always go straight to for analyses.
If this was my best friend presenting herself to me for judgement, what would I say? How would I react? The truth of the matter is that I would probably be quite aroused if my best friend presented herself to me almost naked for inspection. Just thinking about it was making my pussy all slippery and my clit began to tingle again. I gave it a gentle pat over my panties and a tremor ran through my body. My knees felt a little weak and my nipples were trying to push through the material of my bra. My fingers pushed a little harder against my clit through my panties and I had to stifle a moan as it rose through me. I was much further along towards an orgasm than I had realised and I doubt I could have stopped myself if I wanted to.
My fingers were almost a blur as they expertly whirled in a circle over my clit through my panties. I was watching myself in the mirror as I stood there, legs slightly parted and trembling. My breath was coming in gasps that were almost sobs. My face and chest were very flushed. In my mind, I was still watching my best friend masturbating in front of me. I came hard enough to force me to sit down or fall over. Meanwhile, I stuffed the knuckles of my spare hand into my mouth and bit down to stop myself from crying out.
My thighs were trembling and there was a newer, darker wet patch on the crotch of my panties that grew larger as I sat there staring at it with my legs spread.
What the hell had come over me that I was now brazenly masturbating in public toilets and change rooms? Jesus, Sue, learn to control yourself. I was feeling such mixed emotions. I was embarrassed by my behaviour but at the same time, I felt sexy in a way I never had before. Brazen, slutty, naughty. As these words flashed through my overheated mind they did nothing to cool down my libido at all. The thought of being slutty, previously something I would have been horrified by, made my face flush with excitement and the image of Luke popped into my mind.
For god's sake, Sue, you're old enough to be his mother.
I stood again on slightly trembling legs and tried on the more conservative dress. It was nice but nothing more than that. It was comfortable in the same way that a pair of plain cotton panties were comfortable. Perfectly serviceable but it wouldn't set the world on fire. I took it off and hung it back on its hanger then eyeing the other dress sceptically I thought, no harm in trying it on.
I slipped it over my head and then tugged it down into place. I felt almost too afraid to look at myself in the mirror so I spent longer than what was necessary tugging the hem down and making sure the buttons were all done up properly. When I could find no more reason to put it off I looked up, then gasped.
At first, I thought it must have been sized wrong but it fits perfectly across my bust, belly and hips. If anything it accentuated my cleavage while making my waste magically look smaller. What made me gasp was just how much of my thigh was on display. I tugged it down at the hem again but there was no way it came more than about a quarter of the way down my thighs. I would have thought halfway to my knees would have been risque but this was almost obscene. Yet, the longer I looked at my bare thighs on display, the more I liked it.
As I walked out of the changing rooms the girl was blushing but smiled at me. Oh my god, did she hear me? I walked away from there as fast as I could and placed the more conservative dress back on the shelf, then started towards the checkout before I could chicken out. Running on the same whirlwind of bravery that I was feeling I also picked up a packet of the thong underwear as I went past them. There's no time like the present for trying new things I guess.
I got through the checkout as fast as I could, as though I knew that if I lingered at all I would chicken out and go for the more conservative option. Even as I was striding purposefully back to the warehouse my mind was suddenly filled with anxiety about my choice. What was I thinking? What would Sally think? Have I lost the plot? By the time I got back to the warehouse, I had all but decided that I would just have to suffer through the heat. Surely I couldn't wear this ridiculous dress in front of my daughter. I had just got back to where Sally was waiting as they were wheeling the cube back in.
I put my bag down and went to see how it had gone. I smiled as Sally looked like a child about to open her Christmas present. I wouldn't mind unwrapping the present that's in there I thought and chuckled to myself. As they opened the cube up I had a mental image of slowly stripping Luke in my lounge room as the Christmas tree lights flickered until he was standing before me naked with just a ribbon bow wrapped around his hard cock. I wondered briefly, as my pussy began to tingle yet again, how many times I would have to cum today before I got it out of my system. It was almost amusing to think that I hadn't had a day of being horny like this since I was a teenager and first discovered masturbation.
I stepped forward and watched as Luke climbed up and out through the hatch. He looked hot, and I don't just mean I want to ride his cock like a cowgirl hot, but hot, as in he had just stepped out of a sauna hot. Sally noticed this straight away.
"Oh my god Luke, are you okay?"
He gave a wry laugh and shook his head.
"You may want to provide some shade or improve the ventilation in there. It's damn hot in there."
"I am so sorry. I thought the vents would be enough."
"They would if it wasn't so sunny today or there was a bit of a breeze. I'm okay though, I just got a bit sweaty in there."
He looked directly at me and said.
"If you're next in, I apologise for the sweaty smell."
It was out of my mouth before I even realised I was going to say it, then as soon as I did I blushed furiously.
"Oh, I don't mind the smell of a sweaty man."
Sally looked at me with her eyebrows raised and a cheeky smirk on her face.
"Oh, that came out wrong. I'm sorry. You know what I mean."
I was just making things worse now and it didn't help that I was blushing so deeply as well.
"Oh, I do indeed."
Sally murmured as she grinned. God damn it, now Luke was grinning too as he looked me up and down in appraisal. Did he just check me out?
"Have you got something cooler to wear? Can you remove some layers? Otherwise, you are going to cook in there."
It seems the decision that I had talked myself into then back out of was now back in again and I was quietly terrified. It was now or never.
"I just bought a dress that would be a lot cooler but I have to admit it's a bit... well... it's a bit showier than what I would normally wear."
Sally looked at me again with a wry expression. Her look just made me blush even more.
"Well, I think you should go put it on then Mum. We'll let you know what we think. It's just us here and no one will see you in the cube so you're safe with us."
That's it then. No more excuses, Sue, just go do it.
I picked up my bag, then smiling nervously at Sally, I couldn't bring myself to look at Luke, so I headed back to the bathroom I had cum in not that long ago. I entered the room and this time checked that it was empty. I began removing my clothes and folding them into the bag I had taken the dress out of. I got down to my underwear and slid them down my thighs. They were soaked and in no way fit to be worn where they might be seen. I stuffed them down under everything else in the bag and cleaned myself as best I could while being careful not to get my clit all worked up again. I opened the new packet of underwear and slid them up my legs. I was surprised they seemed more comfortable than I expected and that little bit of pressure against my ass hole that you don't get from normal underwear was kind of nice.
I listened for the sound of anyone in the bathroom, even though I knew no one else had come in. When I was convinced I was alone I opened the door of the stall and looked into the mirror over the sink to see what they looked like. I have to admit that the way they hugged in against my pussy looked good, really good. I tucked in a couple of pubes that had strayed out of the confines and decided that the next time I wore these I would have to have a trim first. I half turned around and was happy to see that my butt looked kind of nice on display like that. It wasn't as saggy as I imagined it to be and I was happy with my shape. Not bad for a forty-year-old, I thought.
Without bothering to close the stall door I slipped the dress back over my head. Once again I was surprised at how much of my thigh was on display and I blushed again at the thought of walking out to Sally and Luke looking like this. I picked up my bag with everything in it, took a deep, steadying breath then, as confidently as I could, I walked out the door.
As I walked, or maybe I was strutting by now, back to them it took them a moment to notice me coming. When they did though the result was everything and more than I had imagined. Their looks hit me like a physical presence. Both of them had the same look of shock on their faces. It would have been comical if I hadn't felt so exposed.
"Wow. Mum, I see you were.... ahhh. Inspired."
"Well, maybe. Mostly, I just wanted something cooler to wear in there but yeah I guess I was kind of inspired but it's so much shorter than I thought it would be."
Sally looked me over critically and Luke, sensing permission to do the same was being very thorough. It gave me a thrill and I struggled to hide my smile as he practically drooled over my thighs.
Sally glanced at him then at me and smirked.
"Well, you've still got the legs for it, Mum."
"Mmmmm."
Murmured Luke in agreement. Laughing now, Sally turned to Luke.
"Are you right there, Luke?"
"Huh? Ah, yeah, sure. I'm good."
He was now doing his best to look as though he hadn't just been caught checking me out. It was hilarious and Sally was trying so hard not to laugh. On the inside though, I was thinking about Luke looking at me like he wanted to eat me and me allowing him to eat me for as long as he wanted.
Oh, God, Sue. Behave yourself. The tingling had begun again and I knew if I kept this train of thought going any longer I would be flooding my new, clean underwear.
"Yes, well, maybe I should be getting into the cube then."
I looked at Sally and I was sure she could see me blushing. I just hoped she thought I was embarrassed because Luke had been checking me out. I would die if she could read my actual thoughts.
"Yes, perhaps you should."
She said throwing another glance in Luke's direction. For some strange reason, my legs were a bit wobbly as I walked over and as I stepped into the cube my foot caught the lip of the door. I felt myself falling forward and reached out for the chair. I managed to catch myself before I went flat on my face but I still ended up almost doubled over the back of the chair. I had a brief moment of relief that I didn't fall and make a fool of myself before I heard the gasps from behind me. It was no more than two or three seconds, five at the most before I felt Sally tugging the back of my dress back down and helping me stand up but I knew. Oh, how I knew the view I had just given them both.
I knew on some level that they saw nothing more than my butt cheeks, maybe a glimpse of my covered pussy. In my mind, though I had just presented them both with an unimpeded view of my gaping, dripping pussy as well as my asshole. I should have felt mortified, and on some level I did, so why was it turning me on so much?
I settled myself comfortably into the chair and suddenly, Sally was the picture of professionalism. She handed me the clipboard which had several questions on it that she wanted me to answer as well as plenty of space to write notes and observations She pointed out the walkie-talkie and how to use it. She handed me a bottle of water and I handed her my phone, as that was part of the deal for anyone going into the cube. She didn't want it ringing while out in the mall and giving away that someone was inside and she also wanted people to engage in this and not just sit on their phones in there for their time.
"Now remember, mum. If you need out for any reason, give me a call on the walkie-talkie."
"Okay. I'll be fine. Stop looking so worried."
Sally laughed and then as though distracted she sniffed deliberately.
"It really does smell of man in here."
I took a sniff myself and was suddenly aware of the fact that it smelled of more than just sweat. Oh, my God. Is it just my imagination? I didn't say a word to Sally but I could see she was having similar thoughts to me as she began to blush.
"Well, will you be right in here?"
"I'll be fine."
"Okay, well, I'm going to shut you in now and then we will wheel you out. Thanks for doing this for me, Mum. I love you."
"I love you too, sweety."
The door closed with a quiet but solid click and a moment later the cube began to move. I looked around as we rolled out into the sunlight. The one-way tint on the glass helped filter some of the light so it wasn't blindingly bright but I could tell it was going to warm up pretty quickly. There was a soft breeze coming through the vents as the cube was moving and I hoped it would continue once it stopped but I doubted it would. The breeze carried on it the strong scent I could smell when I first got in. It was definitely the smell of man the combination of sweat, musk and undeniably that smell of cum.
I looked back at Sally as she pushed and helped guide the cube into place. It was so weird being able to see her so clearly right next to me but knowing she couldn't see me.
The cube rolled into place and slowed to a stop. I felt a small bump as the wheels were locked into place and then those pushing it moved away. That was it. I was now on my own for the next hour or so. I picked up the clipboard and the pen and quickly scanned through the questions. There was nothing there that I could answer yet as it had just begun so I flipped over to the section where I could write my notes. At the top of this page was the following message.
"Please leave any notes or thoughts you wish to share on this page. Try to make your notes as anonymous as possible."
I had every intention of being as helpful as possible and leaving as much information as I could. At first, though, nothing would come to me other than the strange feeling of being so out in the open and being able to watch those around me without being observed. I was suddenly reminded of the glass toilets that I had heard of in Japan and I wondered if that had been part of Sally's inspiration.
So, I began by just jotting down notes about the experience and the strangeness of feeling so visible but at the same time invisible. The way people moved about the exhibit then eventually some began to interact with it. Most just looked at it, some commenting to the others they were with about it, although I couldn't hear what they were saying. Then as time went by more came and looked up close. Some of them realising it was one-way glass began to lean in close and try to see through into the cube. It made me feel quite self-conscious at first but after a few experiments with waving at these people and even pulling funny faces back at them, I became absolutely certain they couldn't see me.
I became more daring each time until I built up the nerve to flash them. I undid the buttons down the front of my dress, lifted my bra up over my breasts and exposed them quite brazenly to a young man who seemed intent on seeing into the cube. It was almost like he could smell the pheromones coming off my aroused body. When that thought occurred to me I couldn't resist, so I leaned back in the chair, lifted the hem of my skirt and peeled the panties to one side, exposing my wet, open pussy to him. It felt so incredibly erotic to be doing this with strangers walking past.
I was loving the feeling of being so brazenly slutty in such a public place. Eventually, the young man moved on and I calmed myself down. There was a lull in activity outside so I looked around the inside a bit more. The cube was warming up and I was beginning to sweat. I was glad I had taken the chance to buy the dress I was now wearing. It would have been like being trapped in a sauna in the other clothes I had.
I noticed the heat had intensified the smell that was in here from Luke and I focused on it briefly. He had also gotten hot obviously and there was the smell of sweat but there was an undertone of that distinctly male scent. Something I knew, something primal that triggered a reaction in my body. My nipples hardened and began to tingle, as did my clit. I was already wet and I could smell my own arousal as well but this just added to it. I gasped as I felt my pussy clench in response.
I knew it was cum that I could smell but I couldn't believe it. Surely not I thought, but my mind was agreeing wholeheartedly. That is definitely the scent of a man who has cum recently. I began looking around closer to try and find any evidence. He hadn't left a big pool of cum on the floor or the chair, so he must have cleaned up after himself but that was definitely what I was smelling. I looked at the glass in front of where I was sitting and noticed one slightly smudged spot. As though it had been wiped clean hastily. Surely not, I thought. I got off the chair and moved closer, looking at it from an angle to try and see the surface better. Sure enough, there was a section of the glass that had been wiped, as though with a damp cloth. I looked around the rest of the cube and the glass was all spotless, and professionally cleaned.
I sat back on the chair and looked out at the bench in front of me and remembered the girls dancing right in front of where I was sitting right now. Lucky Luke indeed, I thought, as I realised what must have happened. He was enjoying the show the girls had been putting on for him and things had gotten out of hand. Well, probably into his hand before getting out of it anyway.
In my mind I could see him sitting here, pants around his ankles, stroking his cock as he watched up close the cute asses of the girls dancing so teasingly right in front of him and the one who flashed her bare pussy in his direction until his cum erupted from his hard cock, hitting the glass right in front of him. I was so turned on thinking about it that I felt the urge to do the same.
I thought about him with his pants pulled down and his bare cock and balls resting on the chair that I was sitting on right now. I slipped my new panties down off my ass and sat back down, feeling the surface of the chair come into contact with my bare pussy. I imagined Luke sitting here with his pants around his ankles and stroking his cock as I slid my fingers between my slippery folds. I stroked my fingers back and forth over my clit and down to my hole and in my mind I was stroking at the same pace that Luke was stroking his cock.
I imagined him squeezing his cock tightly in his fist and pumping his hips. I could see every detail of his swollen cock head in my mind and then pictured a drop of pre-cum oozing from the eye of his cock. He collected it with the tip of his finger and smeared it around the head of his cock to act as a lubricant. He sucked the excess off his finger and swirled his tongue in the sticky fluid. I dipped a finger into my opening and collected some of my cum before popping my finger into my mouth. I enjoyed the scent and the taste of my cum but I was thinking about it being Luke's cum in my mouth.
I wanted his cum so much. I wanted it in my mouth, on my breasts, in and on my pussy and ass. Oh, god, it was becoming too intense. I was panting like a bitch in heat and my cum was trickling out of my pussy and down over my ass as I stuffed two, then three fingers inside of my aching hole. My pussy was making the most obscene noises as I squelched away in it but it just turned me on even more as I was now picturing Luke between my thighs, thrusting his cock into me. I had my bare feet raised up and against the glass, my thighs were as wide apart as they could be and my hand was pounding my pussy. My other hand had released one of my breasts from the confines of the bra and dress and was pinching and pulling on my nipple.
I opened my eyes and nearly had a heart attack. There, right in front of me, was the object of my desire. The man I wanted between my thighs and pumping his cock and cum deep inside of me. He was standing in front of the cube just looking at me. As though he could see through the one-way glass and into the core of me. I wanted him to see. I wanted him to know how much he turned me on and how much I wanted him inside of me. I wanted him to take me hard. I wanted him.
I stared straight into his eyes and came. I was twitching and jerking as cum squirted out of me and around my fingers, splashing against the glass and the floor as well as dripping off the seat. I came and came and I swear my soul left my body for a moment it was so intense.
"Oh, God, Luke, yes. Thank you, thank you."
I have no idea if he could hear me, realistically, I don't think he could but I swear at that exact moment he smiled at me and gave me a saucy wink before walking away.
I sat there panting as I tried to catch my breath. My back was beginning to ache and I realised I was sitting in a very awkward position. I carefully moved my feet back to the floor and pushed myself into a more comfortable position. I realised my feet were wet and looked down. I was shocked to see just how much cum I had left behind. I had a moment of panic as I wondered how I was going to clean up but I looked around again and discovered a box of tissues. Oh, thank you, Sally. You really did think of almost everything.
I cleaned myself as best I could, becoming more and more embarrassed as I went. I stood up and cleaned the chair, thankful for Sally's choice of vinyl. I then cleaned the floor as best I could, again grateful that it wasn't carpet. I had a wad of tissues with me now and I had no idea what to do with them. I balled them up and sat them in my lap, vowing to try and dispose of them immediately upon exiting the cube. It felt as though I was holding evidence of a crime in my hand.
I could feel myself still blushing furiously as I sat there questioning my sanity. I glanced around the inside of the cube trying to make sure I had cleaned up thoroughly when my eyes fell upon the clipboard and the pen. I picked it up and because I was unsure of how much time I had left I got to work on the questions.
I had trouble focusing on the answers I was writing because my mind kept wandering back to what had happened as opposed to what I really should have been focused on.
"For fuck sake, Sue. Get your shit together. This is important."
Great, now I'm talking to myself. I got back to writing the answers and had pretty much finished, I was still working on the personal notes side of things when the walkie-talkie crackled to life next to me. I jumped at the sudden sound and Sally's voice right next to me made me feel all nervous and embarrassed again, as though Sally had been present the whole time.
"Just letting you know that we will be coming out to get you soon Mum."
I picked up the radio, located the talk button on the side and depressed it.
"Okay, good thing too, I'm busting for the loo."
"I'll see you in a minute."
I could hear the chuckle in her voice as she responded. I spent the remaining minutes making certain that I had cleaned up every bit of incriminating evidence and that I had all the tissues wadded into my fist.
Sally appeared in front of me and gave me a sneaky little wave then began directing those around her. I made sure I was seated properly but I still wobbled when the cube began to move. It rumbled and bumped as they wheeled me back to the warehouse. When we went in through the door the shade felt so much cooler and I became aware of the sweat coating my skin.
The cube came to a stop and I could see Sally fiddling around with the latch, then, as the door popped open a cool breeze came in. I hadn't realised how hot it was in there. Well, more to the point, I hadn't realised how hot the sun had made the cube. I knew I was hot and sweaty but I put that down to my overheated system. Between the sun and my body heat, it had become very hot in the cube.
The door opened wider and Sally was looking at me with a deep penetrating look as I noticed her take a deep breath through her nose. I know my face was already red but I felt a blush creep up my neck all the same. As an adult woman, there is no way she wouldn't know what that smell was. I was so intensely embarrassed.
"Are you okay, Mum?"
"I'm fine. I just really need to get to the toilet."
She gracefully let me make a dash for it.
"Okay. I'll chat with you after."
I dashed out the door and making sure I had the wad of tissues firmly in my grasp, I made a run for it. I didn't look up to see if anyone was looking at me although I'm sure I could feel Sally's eyes on me as I all but ran to the toilets.
I burst through the door and straight into the cubicle I had occupied earlier. I locked the door, threw the wad into the toilet, slipped my panties down then turned and sat.
There was no denying that I really needed to pee too, that wasn't entirely a lie. As I sat there I looked down and realised that my panties hadn't escaped the carnage. I had no choice but to mop up as best I could with toilet paper though as I didn't have any of my new panties with me. It wasn't the most comfortable, obviously, but the option of removing them while wearing this dress just wasn't going to happen. As much as I enjoyed the artificial display of exhibitionism I put on in the cube, there was no way I was going to walk around with my ass and pussy on display every time a breeze blew. It was scary enough in the underwear I was wearing.
I made my way back to the cube after cleaning myself as best I could and applying a few sprays of deodorant. I was hopeful that it would at least mask the smell of my cum if not hide it completely. I felt that I was a lot more presentable now and certainly more composed than I had felt when I exited the cube. Sally was still looking at me with a curious look.
"Feeling a bit better?"
"Much better thanks."
"So, how did you find it in there?"
"I put some information on the papers for you but, personally, there were a couple of things I found quite surprising in there."
"Oh?"
"Mmm, It's a strange sensation to be so close to people, feel like you are in broad daylight, but not have any interaction at all with them. It's kind of like being a ghost. You can see them so intimately but they have no idea you are there."
"Hmm, like a ghost. I like that analogy. I might use that if you don't mind."
"Of course not. If I'm honest, I quite enjoyed the whole experience. I think it could be a lot of fun to try it in different environments too."
In my mind, I was watching all kinds of erotic adventures take place right in front of me. Then the idea of knowing someone was in there but they couldn't touch you or communicate with you at all. It would feel like having a captive audience with no control over what they witnessed. How fun, and terrifying, would it be to put on a sexy show in those circumstances?
"That's an excellent idea, Mum. I might have to give that a go. Hmm, I wonder where I could get this thing?"
Snapping back to the reality at hand was almost a physical wrench for me.
"The one thing I would say you need to do though is to improve the ventilation in there. There's not enough airflow and it gets very hot in the sun like that. Speaking of which, I hope you are going to air it out for a while, I'm afraid I sweated quite a lot and I imagine Luke did too. It might be a bit pungent."
Sally smiled wryly at me.
"I will make sure it airs out a bit, Mum, but I don't mind the smell of....sweat."
She said the last word with one eyebrow raised that told me she was under no illusions whatsoever as to the nature of the smell in there. I could feel myself going bright red. When she changed the subject I felt a real sense of relief.
"What have you got planned now?"
"I'm not sure. I said I would be here for you but I don't know what you need me to do."
"Well, Mum, now that you have been in there there isn't a whole lot for you to do. I was going to do the next hour stint and a friend of mine is going to do the one after. There isn't anything much for you to do now, sorry."
"That's okay. I guess I could wait for you to finish yours if you want."
"Why don't you go for a wander around or head back to the motel? I don't want you to be bored stupid."
"Oh, okay. Would you like to meet up for dinner then?"
"That sounds awesome. How about I pick you up from the motel around six-thirty?"
"Okay, I will see you then."
Sally gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
"Thanks for everything, Mum. I really appreciate you coming here and doing this for me. I'm glad you are here."
My heart felt as though it was swelling in my chest.
"You're welcome. I'm glad you asked me to be a part of all this."
Chapter four.
I had no idea what to do with myself now. Where would I go? What would I do? I thought back to the taxi ride into town this morning and realised we had passed a lovely big park. It was only three or four blocks away and I had been sitting for half the morning so a walk was definitely in order.
I walked back out into the sunshine and felt a shiver wash over my body from head to toe as I walked out of the cool shade into the lovely warmth of the sun. I walked back towards the cafe where we got our coffee from earlier. I ordered a cup to go, and while I was waiting for it I caught the smells coming from the bakery next door and my stomach began to growl. I collected my coffee and went into the bakery and although I knew I shouldn't I couldn't help but get a vanilla slice as well as a salad roll for my lunch. What the hell I thought, it's a special day after all.
I collected my order and began my walk towards the park. I was given quite a thrill when I noticed a man looking at me in open admiration. He was younger than me but older than Sally and he was quite handsome in that rougher way that some men who work with their hands are. He had some stubble but his jaw was quite chiselled and he was fairly fit. I smiled back at him and he gave me a wry look that basically told me he wanted to do things with my body. My body was all for it and my hips began to swing a little more, but at the same time, the idea of a stranger was a bit scary. As I got closer to him the magic was broken by a child of about seven or eight who came running over to him.
"Dad, Dad, Mum says you have to come in and look with her."
I saw a blush creep up his neck as he looked sheepishly at me. I smiled knowingly back at him. He looked at his son, who was now tugging on his arm.
"Okay, okay, mate. I'm coming."
He sounded slightly defeated. As I walked past him I don't know what came over me. Maybe it was the safety of knowing he was not a possibility but it gave me a quick shot of confidence. I brazenly looked him up and down, openly assessing his body.
"Mmm mmm, such a shame."
I was past him before I could see his reaction but I did hear a quick groan which made me smile and put a spring in my step. In fact, I had a big smile on my face, all the way to the park. I looked all around and everything I saw made me smile. It was a beautiful sunny day so people were strolling around the park relaxed. There was a band playing somewhere inside the park. I couldn't see them but the music was happy sounding and just added to the atmosphere.
I walked into the park a short way and saw a sign that pointed out different areas of the city around the park. I was at a crossroads in the path and in one direction the sign said "Old Parliament House". Another said "Waterfront", meaning the docks at the edge of the city, which was originally built where the river met the sea. One sign pointed back the way I had come and said "City centre" and the final one said "University". It was such a nice park, full of old English trees such as oaks and elms that offered shade and sections of green, speckled sunlight.
I looked around for a nice place to sit and eat and chose the trunk of a lovely big oak tree to lean against. The shade was nice and there was virtually no breeze. There was a small section of sunlight coming through a gap in the branches that was warming my legs as I sat there.
I ate my sandwich and enjoyed my coffee as I began to devour the vanilla slice that I had been so looking forward to. It was every bit as delicious as it looked in the bakery. I finished what I was eating and was just leaning back against the trunk of the tree. The warmth of the sun, the feeling of being contentedly full and the sound of the music in the background all came together to make me feel very relaxed. I guess the multiple orgasms I had this morning may have contributed to the way I was feeling too. My eyes were closed and I was on the verge of falling asleep when a voice called out my name.
"Sue?"
I opened my eyes begrudgingly and looked blearily around, realising how close I had been to slip into a deep sleep in the middle of a public park. Luke was standing on the edge of the path looking at me with a curious mixture of happiness to see me and was that a blush creeping up his neck? I looked closer and realised he was looking between my legs. I glanced down and realised that in my relaxed state my legs had parted a little and my butt had slid a little further forward. Anyone walking past would have had a clear view between my thighs and seen my barely covered pussy.
I sat upright again and slid myself back a little. Crossing my legs at the ankles to try and conceal myself a little. I was embarrassed that I had put myself on display in such a way but that didn't stop my pussy from tingling at the thought of strangers staring at my pussy.
"Oh, hi, Luke. Sorry, I think I may have been dozing off in the warm sunlight there."
Luke walked over to me now and stood before me. God, he looked so good. I wondered, not for the first time if he and Sally had ever been anything more than just platonic friends. It was hot to imagine them fucking each other. I had never thought about Sally in this way before and it shocked me. Sure I had wondered about her sexuality and the like but I had never imagined her in scenarios with people fucking. I knew it was wrong and taboo but at the same time it turned me on. What is becoming of me?
Luke looked around as though looking for something.
"You certainly looked very... ahh, relaxed. Is Sally here with you?"
I was very curious about the word he had omitted and replaced with relaxed.
"No, she's in the cube at the moment. She told me that I should do something for myself instead of sitting around bored, waiting for her. So here I am, not being bored and almost falling asleep in a public park."
I laughed at the absurdity of the situation and then patted the grass next to me.
"If you have time, Luke, why not sit and relax with me. It's beautiful here."
He looked me dead in the eye.
"It sure is beautiful. The scenery is something I do like to look at a lot."
I blushed nearly as much as Luke was right now. He sat down, but not next to me. He sat down at my feet, facing me. I wanted to ask if he meant me or the park but felt it was too awkward to say. I was pretty sure I knew what his innuendo meant but I didn't want to be presumptuous either. Why would he think I was beautiful though? I was quite literally old enough to be his mother.
He was looking at me rather intensely so I looked away. I glanced back at him out of the corner of my eye and noticed his eyes had slipped back down to my thighs. I smiled at his youthful clumsiness. Young men like to think they are so subtle about checking out women and are so rarely aware of their own transparency. It made me excited to think that he wanted to see my pussy so much and on top of that, I wanted him to see it. I wanted his cock to get hard because of me. My mind flashed back to inside the cube when I came so hard, right in front of him. I knew he couldn't see me but the thought of doing that right in front of Luke had driven me wild.
I slowly move my ankles apart again. Not far but just enough that they weren't over each other anymore. I tried making small talk about the park and what a pretty place it was. It was mindless fluff that I was drivelling on about but I wanted him to think that my physical actions were completely random and unplanned.
I raised my knees a little and leaned back on my hands. The whole time I was looking around the path and making sure I wasn't making eye contact with Luke, allowing him time to feast his eyes on me. I glanced again at him and he was staring right at my pussy. It clenched in reaction and I wondered if he saw the movement. I looked at his eyes again and this time did it on purpose, clenching my pussy as hard as I could before relaxing it again. His face told me everything I needed to know. He saw it alright. He was unconsciously licking his lips and I swear there was an almost inaudible moan of delight.
I glanced at his crotch and noticed a solid bulge had formed there. I think it was my turn to get lost in the sight before me now. I could see the shape of his hardened cock in his shorts and I wondered how it would feel sliding inside of me. Consciously or unconsciously, I'm no longer really sure, my hips tilted towards him. My right leg lay on its side as my left knee came up a little higher. I tilted my pelvis back just a little, allowing him a clearer view of me. I could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter and I wondered if Luke could see a wet patch on my panties. I wanted to pull them aside and let him see inside my wet, gaping pussy but there was no way I would do that in a public park. Hell, I wouldn't have done that anywhere, ever before but now I wanted it.
I was startled out of my reverie and realised Luke was talking still.
"It's nice this time of year to walk to and from uni through this park."
I couldn't stand the tension anymore. I know that when I look back on this that it could have very easily gone spectacularly wrong but I just couldn't stand the tension anymore.
I looked him in the eye for the first time in a while.
"Luke, were you and Sally ever an item?"
Luke was clearly startled. Then laughed.
"Well, no. It's not that I wasn't interested, I very much was initially."
"I know. I could see it. But did anything ever happen between you?"
"The thing is. I'm really not Sally's type. We're great friends and I love her dearly but no. At first, it wasn't her that was interested, then later on, once I had gotten over the rejection, I realised I was more interested in someone else, but that was never going to happen either."
"Why was it never going to happen?"
"Just too many differences between us."
"I see."
I desperately wanted to know who it was but the way he had said it told me that he didn't want to tell me.
"Luke, I need to get back to the motel to get changed out of this silly dress. If you have nowhere else you need to be, would you walk with me?"
He looked at me intensely as though trying to see if I was mocking him.
"I would love to."
He stood up and looked down at me sitting there, as though filling his eyes. I could see the hard bulge of his cock pressing against the fabric of his shorts and licked my lips. He looked at me with fire in his eyes and held a hand out to me to help me up. I moved into a sitting position, legs apart and brought my feet up closer to my butt. All to help me stand up of course. The fact that I was giving Luke an even better view between my legs was purely coincidental. I reached out a hand to him and he took mine in his. The moment our hands touched it was like an electric shock went through my body. My nipples hardened immediately and my clit tingled with the sensation.
He helped me to my feet but at no point did he let go of my hand. We stood there face to face for a moment. That weird energy between us where there is uncertainty before that first kiss. It lingered for a moment and I desperately wanted to feel his lips on mine. Feel his lips on my skin, on my body, everywhere. God, I wanted him so bad. Instead, he turned and began to walk, leaving that energy just hanging in the air between us.
We walked off, still hand in hand, my knees a bit wobbly but improving with each step I took. We strolled through the park and came out somewhere between the university and the city entrance where I had come in earlier. I was trusting Luke to guide me to the motel.
Far sooner than I was ready for we were standing outside the lobby of the motel. We stopped and both looked at it as though too afraid to look at each other. I was supremely conscious of his hand in mine and the desire to have his hands on my bare skin as well as my own on his.
"Well, this your motel."
Luke stated but made no move to let go of my hand. I tried to reply and at first, nothing came out. I could feel my heart pounding nervously in my chest. Finally, I managed to get the words out.
"Luke, I want you to come up to my room."
Everything seemed to go still and silent. I finally looked at him and he was looking very intently at me.
"Are you sure that's a good idea?"
"Absolutely not, but I know what I want and I think you probably do too."
He said nothing and I made to let go of his hand. I looked down, embarrassed at myself and began mumbling an apology.
"Sorry.....presumptuous."
Luke gripped my hand even tighter as it began to slip from his grasp. I looked back at him and there was a fire in his eyes that made me shiver from head to toe.
"Lead the way."
I swear my panties got even wetter at these words. I walked inside and straight to the elevator. I felt as though the people in there were judging me in my short dress and holding hands with an obviously younger man but I couldn't have stopped now if I wanted to.
The elevator ride seemed to last only moments and yet drag on forever. I lead him down the corridor to my room and with a shaky hand, I used the card to open the door. I stepped inside and heard the door close behind me. I turned back and Luke was on me. His hands slid around my waist and pulled me against him. I felt his hard cock press against me and his lips were on mine. My hands went around him and gripped that ass that I have wanted to feel for years. I felt as though my nipples were ready to tear their way through the material I was wearing.
His hands slid down and gripped my ass for a moment. He squeezed me tight making my cheeks separate and come back together. I was so sensitive that just this alone almost made me cum. His hands moved then gripped the bottom of my dress then pulled up. He was quite a bit taller than me and he stripped the dress off over my head in one swift movement. I scrabbled at his shirt, trying to remove it as fast as I could. He moved my hands and stripped the shirt off himself. I reached behind myself and unclipped my bra.
I was self-conscious as my breasts came into view. I was painfully aware of the slight sag they now had and the fact that they weren't young and perky. I needn't have been though as Luke groaned in absolute delight, dropped to his knees and buried his face between them. His hands reached up and cupped them, playing with my nipples, using his thumbs. I moaned out loud as he began kissing, licking, sucking and biting all over my breasts.
I was in a delirium of pleasure. My knees were shaking, and my pussy was sopping wet and tingling all over. I wanted to do things to Luke that I had never even dreamed of doing to another man but he was too busy doing things to me to be distracted. His hands were still on my breasts but he was kissing his way down my body. He kissed down to the fabric of my panties and kept going. He kissed down over my pubic mound, then opening his mouth wide he placed it over my pussy lips and bit down gently. I knew he could taste my cum through my panties but instead of being self-conscious about it, I wanted him to. I wanted him to taste every inch of me, just as I wanted to taste him. The heat of his mouth on me was driving me insane and I gasped as suddenly his mouth was gone.
He stood back up and his mouth was on mine again. I could taste my own cum on his lips and I wanted more. Our tongues were dancing together in a kiss that was lewder than any I had ever had before. I never believed in the over-the-top kisses you saw in porn but now I understood the unbridled passion.
Luke wrapped his arms around my waist and picked me up. I instinctively wrapped my legs around him and felt his cock grind against my pussy. He took several steps then bent forward, placing me on the bed. He then went back to kissing me. My face, my ears, my neck, my chest, my nipples, my belly, down, down, down.
I felt his fingers hook into the waistband of my panties and begin tugging them down. I placed my feet up on the bed and lifted my hips allowing him to slide my panties down. He slid them down off my legs and kissed a trail all the way down them as he went.
No one, not even my loving husband, had ever kissed my body so thoroughly as Luke was right now. He was devouring me with his eyes as much as his mouth. I had never felt so desirable. He was kissing his way back up the inside of my legs, getting closer and closer to my pussy. I knew he had the view right now that I had fantasized about earlier. My gaping, wet, pussy was begging for more of his attention.
He lifted my legs and placed them on each of his shoulders as his hands gripped my hips. He pulled me closer to himself and I was thrilled with the way he was manipulating my body. Moving me around and picking me up as though I weighed nothing. I felt his thumbs as they spread me even wider apart, then his hot breath on me momentarily before his tongue entered me.
I'm sure I screamed. I at least moaned very loudly as his tongue came into contact with me. I was lying on my back, pulling on my own nipples like some lust-crazed whore as his tongue and lips did things to my pussy that had never been done before. He seemed to know exactly where to lick, where to suck, when to suck and just how hard.
I came.
When I say I came I mean I came like a wailing banshee. To the point where I had one hand gripping his hair and pulling his face in deeper into my pussy as my hips bucked and twitched against him.
I finally released him and felt him take a deep breath. I realised that I had probably almost suffocated him and I began to giggle. Luke never let up though. His tongue and lips remained busy and when his tongue slid over my cum soaked ass I was shocked. The second time he did it I moaned in surprised pleasure. He kept going and the sensation was getting better and better. His thumb began to massage my clit at the same time and his nose was virtually buried inside me. When he began to probe my ass with his tongue he sent me off into another orgasm.
This one was different to the first and was a longer slower-burning orgasm that left me breathless and over-sensitive. I began to push him away as it was all becoming too much.
"Stop, stop. Oh, god, I need you to stop for a minute."
He sat back on his haunches and looked at me. I could see uncertainty in his eyes, as though he thought he had done something wrong.
I was shivering from my last orgasm as aftershocks shot through me.
"I just need a moment Luke. Oh, that was so damn good."
He smiled and stood up. I sat up and began to kiss his stomach as he stood there in front of me. I undid the button of his shorts, then slid down the fly. There was no way I had the patience for a slow reveal so I grabbed the band of his underwear along with the waist of his shorts and pulled them down. His cock caught momentarily in them then sprang up slapping his stomach, leaving a smear of pre-cum there. I immediately licked at that wet, sticky spot as I admired the thick, throbbing cock right in front of my face.
He stepped out of the pants that had fallen at his feet and kicked them aside. His hand gently caressed the side of my face as I leaned closer and encircled the tip of his cock with my lips. I sucked his cock head and flicked my tongue across the top of it enjoying the moan from Luke nearly as much as the pre-cum I drew from his cock. I swished the slippery fluid around in my mouth, letting it coat my tongue. Mmm, he tasted so good.
I started to fuck his cock with my mouth, sucking with all my might and taking as much of him into my mouth as possible. His cock was so thick and I could feel every vein, ridge and bump with my lips. I felt his fingers tightening in my hair and all it did was make my pussy drip. I reached down with one hand and slid two fingers straight into my pussy, coating them with my cum. I then pulled them back out and used my slippery hand to jack his cock as I sucked on the tip again. He was moaning even louder now.
I removed my hand and took his cock deep into my mouth again, tasting my cum on his cock mixed with the fresh surge of pre-cum he had produced for me. I couldn't get enough. I wanted to be as slutty as I possibly could for him. He was moaning even louder and faster now.
"Oh, God, Sue. If you don't stop I'm going to cum in your mouth."
Mmm, yes you are, Luke, yes you are. I went back to jacking his cock hard and fast as I sucked the end of his cock and flicked the sensitive underside with the tip of my tongue. I felt his hands tighten in my hair and I knew it was coming. Then with a mighty grunt, he began to shoot rope after thick, salty rope of cum deep into my mouth. I could feel it erupting along the length of his cock with my fingertips then squirting past my lips and across my tongue. I swear I almost came myself just from the sensation.
His squirting eased off and then stopped but I kept sucking and swallowing until there wasn't any more to swallow and he became too sensitive for me to keep going. I released him and smiled up at him. He looked at me stunned.
"Oh, wow! I didn't think that would happen, I mean ever. I have fantasized about it from the moment I first met you but never dreamed it would actually happen."
I grinned.
"Well, now that we've started, I hope it doesn't stop now. I need this cock in my pussy and I'm not going to wait too long now that I have had a taste."
Luke just looked awed. As though he never dared dream that there would be a woman like this in the world. I climbed up on the bed next to him and kissed him firmly on the mouth. Our tongues began to dance and knowing that I could taste both of our cum told me that he could too and he seemed to be enjoying it, a lot.
He rolled me over onto my back and began kissing me all over. Everywhere his lips could reach. Then he rolled me over onto my belly and began kissing my neck and back and eventually he was kissing my butt. He even bit me gently a few times and it sent shock waves through my body.
He rolled me back over onto my back and I loved the way he was just throwing me around now. He got onto his knees between my legs, moved forward and kissed me passionately. I reached down and felt that his cock had reached full size again and I was delighted that he still had the stamina of youth. I spread my legs as wide as I could, wanting to feel as lewd and slutty as it was possible. I gripped his cock in my hand and guided him into me.
As wet as I was and as ready as I was, it had still been a long time since I had had a cock inside me. Luke was admittedly thicker than any I had had in a very long time so I had to make sure he took his time and didn't just try and slam it into me. I had nothing to worry about though as he slowly, slowly sank into me, filling me to the brim with hard cock meat. I felt his pubes mash against my own and his balls were resting against my ass. He just held himself there, as deep as possible into me and I felt my overwhelmed pussy begin to spasm on it.
"Oh, fuck, Luke. I'm cumming already."
My whole body began to shake as my legs came up and wrapped around his butt, holding him deep inside me. I could feel my pussy clench him, milking his cock rhythmically as my body pulsed over and over again. I continued to hold him deep inside me as I slowly came back down from the high of my orgasm. Eventually, he started to move again. Just slow small thrusting movements, grinding against my clit at first, that gradually became longer and longer strokes until eventually he was thrusting deep, long and hard. I was grunting as each thrust bottomed out in me. I couldn't believe how good he was making me feel or that I was on the verge of coming again.
I felt it rise in me, this time just a small tremor, like an aftershock from an earthquake. He continued to stroke through my orgasm until he once again began to slow then eventually he stopped. He was panting and a coat of sweat covered his body. His arms were shaking from the effort of holding him up as he pounded me. I pulled my body up against his, my nipples brushing against the hair on his chest, Feeling the bunched muscles of his back with my hands and I gently bit his neck.
He growled with delight and his arms slowly lowered us both back down to the bed. His cock remained buried deep inside me where it belonged and my hips made involuntary circular movements so that I could feel his cock moving around inside of me. Luke could only manage to support himself on his elbows as my body made the only movements. It felt wonderful being spread open and full of cock. I felt like such a dirty slut, fucking my daughter's friend but it felt so good. I wanted to be a dirty slut. For the first time in my life, I really wanted to be dirty. I wanted to push my boundaries.
The image of me playing with my own wet pussy inside the cube came back to me and this time I wanted the glass to be clear. I wanted people to see me and get turned on by what I was doing. I wanted men stroking their cocks and squirting their cum at me. I wanted other women to hike their skirts up and reveal their own wet pussies to me as they stuffed their fingers inside them. I wanted random strangers to fuck each other, right in front of me, as I inspired them with my display. I wanted to be seen, really seen, as the sexual creature I was becoming.
Luke was still just supporting himself, clearly too tired to go on in the same way he had been, but I needed something more.
"Luke, I fucking love the feel of your hard cock inside me."
I heard him growl again in response as his cock twitched inside me.
"And I love being inside you. This has always been my fantasy and I can't believe it has come true."
"It definitely feels real to me."
He chuckled and slowly thrust into me again.
"I want to try something, Luke."
"Sure. What do you want."
"I want you to roll onto your back and I want to ride you."
He lifted himself up and looked down at me.
"Have you never done that before?"
I laughed.
"Of course I have, but not facing the other way. Would it turn you on to look at my ass as I fuck your cock, Luke?"
"Oh, God, yes."
He disengaged himself from me, leaving me feeling a strange sense of loss and coolness on my skin. He kissed me passionately on the lips, the jaw, the neck and down to my breasts, where he took them in turns to suckle my nipples and bite them gently. It felt delicious to be treated as though I was desirable to the point of him not being able to get enough.
He kissed his way back up my chest and again lingered on my lips with a strong, yet gentle, kiss. There was a barely audible moan coming from him, that I felt as much as heard. I ran my hands down his back and grabbed his firm ass.
"Come on, lover, on your back."
He grinned at me and I was a little disoriented as I was reminded of Luke as a teenager, but there was something so masculine and manly in that grin too. He rolled onto his side then over on his back. His legs were hanging over the edge of the bed and his feet were on the floor. I admired his fit, young body and his hard cock rising straight up in the air.
I think I surprised us both when I leaned forward and took the head of his cock straight into my mouth. My lips were made wet with a mixture of our cum and I savoured the taste as I swirled my tongue around his head and shaft. I bobbed up and down a few times, although I am no expert cock sucker, I did manage to elicit a groan from him again.
I straddled his body and sat down, squashing his cock flat against his stomach. I leaned forward and kissed him and was almost surprised again that he didn't baulk at the taste of his own cum mixed with mine on my lips. He seemed to savour it as much as I did. He was kissing me very passionately as I slid my pussy back and forth against him. My clit was rubbing against the underside of his cock, teasing us both mercilessly.
I didn't think I had many orgasms left in me. I had already cum more times today than I ever had in one day in my entire life. I was beginning to feel some aches and I knew our lovemaking was coming to an end soon. I wanted this last one to be as incredible as this entire day had been so I stopped teasing myself on his cock.
I clambered off him and stood there for a moment admiring his body as he seemed to be doing the same to me. It was stunning how sexy he could make me feel with just a look. His eyes were smouldering now as he licked his lips.
"You need to come and sit on my cock now."
Mmm, yes I do. I thought as my pussy twitched once again. I moved over to him and turned my back on him. I paused as I realised that I hadn't closed the curtains to the room. I had been so intent on our lovemaking that I hadn't even thought about it. Now though, here I was, completely naked, dripping cum, looking like I have been thoroughly fucked and facing the office building across the street. Previously I would have panicked and possibly run from possible view. Now, though, I wanted people to see. I wanted the workers to be watching me with this young stud. I wanted them to see me cum. I wanted them to see my pussy full of his cock and leaking his cum. I wanted them to want me or to be me.
I looked back as Luke reached up and took hold of my hips. He guided me back down onto his lap as I spread my legs on either side of his. I looked down and took hold of his cock, then guided it inside of me. I slowly sat down on it as it slid up inside of me. I marvelled that, now I had gotten used to him, just how well he fit inside of me and how good it felt to have him there. I began a slow sliding back and forth and felt his cock moving around inside of me again and smiled as I heard him groan.
I looked down at my body and then back out the window, trying to imagine what the office workers could see. I couldn't see anyone over there as the sun was reflecting off their windows but in my head I saw them begin to take notice of the dirty slut across the road, fucking in front of them. I imagined men in their offices, pants around their ankles after locking their office doors, stroking their throbbing cocks as they watched me riding Luke's cock. Women in their business skirts and blouses were reclining in their chairs, Their shirts open and bras pulled down, exposing their breasts. Their skirts pulled up and their fingers strummed their clits fast as they fucked themselves with one or more fingers.
I began to move up and down, bouncing on Luke's thighs as his cock pistoned in and out of me. My hand reached down and began rubbing my clit as I felt my orgasm begin to grow. In my mind bosses had their secretaries bent over desks and were fucking them hard as they watched me with my young lover.
Luke's hand was on my back and I loved the feel of his hand on my bare, sensitive skin. He pushed me forward a little and I supported my weight with one hand on his knee as my other hand continued to stroke my clit. I was still bouncing on his cock but my legs were growing tired and less coordinated as my orgasm continued to grow.
I stopped bouncing and went back to the forward and backward sliding as Luke's hand travelled further down my back. I leaned further forward, knowing he could see me in ways that were more intimate than even my husband had ever seen. It just turned me on even more. I wanted Luke to see everything, do everything, and take me in ways that I had never dreamed possible. As I was having this thought his fingers moved down between my ass cheeks and spread me apart.
"Oh, fuck yes, Luke. I'm going to cum so hard."
His finger or thumb, I'm not sure which, began to slip and slide all over my well-greased asshole. It momentarily paused my orgasm and I felt a wave of frustration that was very quickly replaced with wonder and awe as the sensation of his finger entering my ass seemed to turbocharge my orgasm. I seemed to lose all control of myself as my body lurched, and twitched and writhed on him.
I came hard. My ability to articulate anything more than grunts and groans deserted me. My pussy was on fire and was clamping so hard to Luke's cock that it felt like there was a fist inside me gripping him. I gasped like a fish out of water and all conscious thought of anything beyond what was happening to my body had gone. I felt like my entire body was vibrating, every single cell inside me was out of control. This wasn't just an orgasm, that seemed far too mild a word for it. It was an entire body orgasm, hell, even my soul seemed to be having an orgasm.
I thought it was about to start settling when Luke thrust himself up deeper inside me than he had gone all day. It was almost painful as I felt his cock swell inside me and his cum launched against my cervix. I could hear him crying out as though from a distance and his arms were now wrapped around my body, encasing me as he twitched, throbbed and thrust into me.
I don't know what happened next. I think my mind finally let go of any form of control and just went blank. It was like white noise for I don't know how long. It could have been seconds and it could have been minutes but the next thing I knew, I was lying on my side. The sun coming through the window was warming me and Luke's arms were still wrapped around my body. It felt wonderful to be spooning naked with this man while his cock was still inside me. It was softening now and my body was pushing him out. I still don't know how we had managed to get turned around so that we were lying along the bed instead of across it the way we had been but that just didn't matter. Nothing mattered except the warm glow inside me and the well-used feeling permeating my entire body.
I smiled and closed my eyes as the warmth of the sun coming through the window seeped into my body and down to my bones.
Chapter Five.
Finally, his cock slipped out of me and it was followed by what I can only describe as a flood of cum, leaking down over my ass and onto the sheets. I barely had the energy to blink let alone do anything about that. I blinked once, then twice, and then realised I was alone.
I was now covered by the blankets of the bed and as I looked to the window I realised that the light of the day had begun to fade. I was so confused. Hadn't it been only an hour or so ago that I had had lunch? My stomach answered with a rumble that said that was absolutely incorrect. Apparently, I had fallen asleep. I wondered what it was that had woken me up. I blinked and looked around then heard someone knocking on my door.
"Mum, are you in there? Are you okay? Answer the door, Mum."
Oh, shit! Sally, sounded worried as she called out to me. I sat up in a hurry and looked around myself, finally taking in the reality of the room around me. I was completely naked, sticky with cum, and my clothes were spread around the room like they had been thrown off me. Which of course they had. Then I remembered Luke. Where was Luke?
Bang bang bang.
"Mum, please come to the door."
Panicked, knowing I would have some explaining to do, I grabbed the sheet and wrapped it around my naked body. Then I croaked out a response.
"I'm coming, Sally. Hang on."
I didn't want to face her like this. She would know instantly what had been going on but I didn't want the hotel security involved either and if she kept banging then that was bound to happen.
I opened the door and saw the look of worry on Sally's face. She came into the room and seemed to stop in her tracks. I saw her glance around the room at my clothes, the state of the bed, which I noticed at the same time had a rather large wet patch on it, then taking in the fact that I was clearly naked under the sheet wrapped around me. With each new thing she noticed, her eyebrows crept a little higher up her forehead. I was concerned they were going to disappear completely when she took a sniff and smelled the strong odour of sex in the room.
"Wow. Oh, mum. I'm sorry. This is... Well, unexpected."
I didn't know what to say. I was so embarrassed and blushing so hard that I felt like my hair would surely catch fire with the heat that was coming off my face.
"I'm so sorry to have barged in like this, Mum. You hadn't been answering your phone and you weren't answering the door. I was worried.
"I'm sorry I made you worry, Sally. I'm... Well, I'm fine. I just fell asleep and it must have been a deep sleep because I didn't hear anything."
I looked around the room and saw my phone lying on the floor next to my handbag. The little green light was flashing, letting me know that I had missed calls. I bent over to get it and felt the sheet separate from my hip, displaying my naked leg and half my butt to Sally and removing any doubt about the state of my undress. I picked up the phone, blushing even harder than I thought was possible. Sure enough, there were several missed calls from Sally and also a couple from Luke.
I placed the phone on the bedside table and took a deep breath.
"I'm sorry, Sally. I simply didn't hear the phone."
"It's okay, Mum. I'm sorry for intruding on a, well... A sensitive moment."
It was Sally's way of saying she could piece together pretty much exactly what had happened but that she was okay with it. I felt strangely relieved by that. She was being an adult about it when really she could very easily have been the angry child in the scenario. I was intensely grateful that that wasn't the case. She rarely had been one to behave that way but if ever there was an excuse.
I suddenly felt a cool unpleasant feeling as excess cum leaked from me and began to run down the inside of my thigh. I must have had a slightly panicked look on my face as Sally looked startled.
"Is everything alright, Mum?"
"Haha, yeah, sure, listen, I have to get in the shower, like right now."
I didn't miss the look of barely-contained laughter on Sally's face as I barged past her and into the bathroom. I turned the shower on and stripped the sheet off my naked body.
As soon as the hot water descended over my body I felt my muscles begin to ease. It felt so good that I did not want to get out. Eventually, I dragged myself from under the water and reached for the towel. As I dried myself I bent forward to dry my legs. I discovered some aches in my hamstrings that I hadn't had in a very long time. That seemed to awaken my senses to other aches and pains in my body that I had not paid attention to earlier. I was going to be sore by this time tomorrow. I dried myself and looked around for my clothes, remembering that my case and all my clothes were back out with Sally.
I stepped out of the bathroom with the towel wrapped around me. It was barely big enough to cover my butt as well as my boobs at the same time. I figured, though, that the dress I had worn earlier, which was now in a crumpled mess on the floor, showed nearly as much anyway. I tried to pretend that this was a completely normal thing to do as I picked up the bag with my clothes in it and headed back to the bathroom. In all honesty, it was far from the first time Sally had seen me wrapped in nothing but a towel, in fact, thinking back on it she had most likely seen me naked from time to time. The difference was that this towel was definitely smaller than the ones I had at home and she had never found me in a state where I had clearly just been fucked to within an inch of my life before.
Even I could smell the sex in the air when I returned from the bathroom. I was embarrassed by it, knowing that Sally could smell my cum. Knowing that she knew that I had been fucking in here not that long ago. I wondered what was going on in her imagination. Was she imagining me on the bed getting fucked hard and steady by some random stranger? Or did she know it was Luke? Was she right at this moment picturing Luke, naked, sweaty, pounding his cock into her mother? Was she hearing the slapping of our naked bodies? Was the scent of our combined cum helping her picture the scenario more vividly? Was it making her sick or turning her on to think of her friend fucking her mother right in this room? Why the hell was it turning me on so much to think about her being turned on by that?
Not for the first time today I wondered if something had broken in my brain. Was I having a stroke? I glanced across at Sally, almost afraid to make eye contact with her. She wasn't looking at me though. Well, not at my face anyway. She was staring at my naked legs. I watched as her eyes travelled slowly up my legs and settled on the profile of my ass. I was sure from the side-on view she had of me and the cool air I could feel there that most of my butt was probably on display. I felt nailed to the spot by her stare. I didn't dare move. All I could do was stare at her blushing face as she stared at my naked ass. What was going on here? This felt so wrong and so weird but like a lot of taboo things, it was kind of nice too, to be looked at like this. Sally continued to stare and unconsciously bit her bottom lip.
For God's sake, Sue. Get your shit together woman. Put a stop to this immediately.
Well, that's what went through my head but it was still several, very long, seconds before I could force myself to move. I turned away from her, partly to not be caught looking her in the face when she did look up and save her the embarrassment. I won't completely deny that part of it was to give her a slightly better angle to look at my ass though.
Why I decided to not go back into the bathroom to get dressed is something that I wish I could say I didn't know but the truth is my inner exhibitionist wanted to come out to play again. I pulled my jeans out of my bag and dropped the bag on the floor. I bent forward, lifting one leg up to slide it into my jeans. I knew that bending forward like this was giving Sally an almost x-rated view of my body if she chose to look.
I slid the jeans up my legs and did them up feeling the rough seam press against my slightly tender pussy. I then let the towel drop to the floor, revealing my breasts with their hard nipples. I bent forward to get my bra and shirt out of the bag, taking my time and letting my breasts sway a little. I then stood up and turning slightly towards Sally, put my bra on. I didn't look at her the whole time but I could feel her stare burning into my body. As I adjusted the bra, settling my breasts into a comfortable position, I "accidentally" brushed each nipple with my thumbs.
I slipped the shirt on over my head, then picked up the towel that I had discarded. I took it into the bathroom. I spent a few moments in there composing myself and allowing Sally to compose herself as well, while I pretended to be cleaning up my mess and getting ready to go out.
I walked back out into the room and started putting my little dress and my soaked panties into the bag I had just emptied. I then stuffed that bag into my case. I made the bed a bit neater and a little more presentable by hiding the wet stain on it with the sheets and blankets. Finally, I felt that I could look Sally in the face.
"Well, ready to head out again, Sally?"
She was still blushing and having a little trouble looking me in the eye as she stammered.
"Ah, yeah... I guess we should... Umm, okay."
It would have been comical under different circumstances. I reached out and took her hand in mine and forced her to look me in the eye.
"Sally, are we okay?"
She stared for a second as though unsure what to say. Finally, she smiled and nodded.
"Yeah, Mum. We're okay, just... Well, I don't know."
I decided to grab the bull by the horns so to speak.
"You just walked into your Mum's room and discovered that she is a human being with sexual needs just like any other human being and it has short-circuited your brain temporarily?"
Sally blushed again and nodded then giggled. She shook her head as she laughed.
"Well, yeah. That about sums it up. Like most people I guess, I've just never thought about my mum in that way. It's more though, Mum. I feel like I have seen you from a stranger's perspective for the first time. I was looking at a very attractive, very sexual woman and well, to be honest, Mum. You have got it going on."
She said the last sentence in a bit of a rush and blushed even further.
"Well, I will take that as a compliment any day of the week. Thank you."
Sally giggled and it had broken the tension in the room.
"Come on. Let's go get some dinner, I'm starving."
"I bet you are."
Sally said with a wry grin on her face. We were both laughing as we strode down the hallway to the elevators. Sally shocked me by spanking my butt as we walked.
"Oh, and since when do you get around with no knickers on anyway? Or G-strings for that matter."
I laughed, although that spank made my butt and other parts tingle like crazy.
"If you must know, today has been a day of many firsts for me."
Sally smiled.
"Good for you, Mum."
The rest of the evening was wonderful. We had a lovely meal in a nice cosy restaurant and listened to the house band play some great songs as we sat there and enjoyed each other's company. We then wandered back in the direction of the hotel and Sally promised to pick me up in the morning for a coffee and breakfast before I returned home.
Chapter Six.
I had been home for just over a week and I had finally reached the point where I could get through five minutes without thinking about Luke's cock or the way I gleefully exposed myself to Luke, Sally and whoever was looking through the window of the hotel room. Not that I didn't think about those things at all. I doubt there would ever be a time when I don't think about how good it felt to slide down onto Luke's cock and have it fill me up slowly. Or remember the taste of our cum combined together, or how good his tongue felt as it caressed my folds and my clit. It would be nice to look back on that day without blushing but that knowing look on Sally's face, when she got to my motel room, would be etched into my mind for a long time yet. I know she's okay with it and has said so herself but it is kind of weird to know that your daughter knows something so intimate about you.
I was getting on with the routine of the day when my phone buzzed. There was a message from Sally. At any other time in my life, I would have opened it without a moment's hesitation. The fact that I had just been thinking about her and that most awkward situation though made me pause.
"Stop being silly."
I opened the message and tried not to dwell on the fact that speaking aloud to myself was a habit I had gotten into when I was nervous.
"Hi, Mum. I wanted to get in early and make sure you have nothing planned for the weekend after this one coming."
I didn't think I did but I checked my planner to be sure. I had been so preoccupied with thoughts of Luke and his magnificent cock lately that things had been slipping my mind.
"No, I've got no plans, Sally. Why what's up?"
"I will be getting all the footage back from the cube this weekend and I wanted to go through it with you. Sort of the last thing we can do together on the project if that's something that interests you."
"Of course it is. I would love to go through it with you."
"Great. I will see you on Saturday morning then."
It seemed almost strange to have such a normal conversation with Sally. It was nice though and I felt that if she still wanted me involved then she wasn't upset with me. I know we had resolved any weirdness on the day but a bit of time and distance had made me nervous again.
I finished doing the rest of the chores I had started and got ready for work. The whole day I had a smile on my face. Partly because of Sally's message and partly because I was thinking about riding Luke's cock, naked and in front of an audience.
I was glad I had decided to wear panties today as it seemed I was destined to spend an entire shift with a wet pussy. Luke and I had exchanged a few messages back and forth since that incredible afternoon. I was trying to be careful not to get too involved. I was under no illusions about what our relationship was but I also knew how easy it was to slip up and fall for someone we shouldn't. I didn't want anyone getting hurt by this but oh how he turned me on. He seemed to know what I needed and how I wanted to expand my horizons.
I sent Luke a message telling him that I was thinking about his cock and how I wanted it inside me with people watching us fuck. I told him that even though he wasn't here, his cock was still distracting me at work and how wet my panties were. I didn't really expect a reply from him straight away as I knew he had lectures that day so I was surprised when my phone buzzed in my pocket so soon after sending it.
"Mmm, I love the thought of your wet pussy. All glistening and dripping with your yummy cum, just waiting for me to taste you."
Oh wow. Now I wanted his tongue on me too. My pussy began tingling as I thought more about it. I was squirming now and I glanced around to make sure there was no one else around to notice what was going on.
"You have no idea how much I want that. How I want your tongue on me, inside me, tasting me. I want to taste you too. I want to taste your pre-cum as it oozes from your cock. I want your cock to fill me up and pump me full of your cum."
I was getting worked up and as much as work wasn't the right time or place for this I couldn't stop it either. I felt like a naughty teen, sneaking around and sending dirty texts at work. I was trying to focus on my work but I was also checking my phone every thirty seconds or so because I wanted a response. I had almost decided that Luke had obviously become too busy to respond and that I should just get on with my work and put the phone out of my mind when it buzzed again. I practically dived for it and almost dropped it in my rush to open it.
It took longer to open than I had expected then I realised why. Luke had sent me two images. I stared at them in disbelief. My pussy clenched and was practically salivating. The first image showed Luke, in a high-up seat in a lecture hall. Behind him was the Lecturer standing at the board and talking to the students. In between Luke and the lecturer had to have been about thirty other students, all facing away from Luke and looking at the front of the class. Standing rigid and proud from Luke's lap was his nice hard, delicious-looking cock. The view from the rest of the class would have been blocked by the back of the seat in front of him, but only just. It wouldn't have taken a genius to figure out what he was doing if they looked back at him.
It was so risky but so incredibly erotic. I thought about sitting in his lap in that lecture hall with all those people around and letting his cock slide up into me while everyone around us was oblivious to the fact that we were fucking right there. The thought alone was almost enough to make me cum.
The next photo was a much closer one of his cock and it showed every detail including the large drop of pre-cum that had formed at its tip. I wanted it all in my mouth so much right now that my jaw almost ached from the need for it.
My phone buzzed again.
"These lectures can be so damn boring but you make them a lot easier to take. I hope your pussy is nice and wet. I want to see it."
Was he really saying "send nudes"? It felt like it. Why didn't that turn me off? Why was it so damn exciting to be thinking of actually doing it? Surely that would be a silly thing to do. I mean, we're taught that you can practically guarantee they are going to end up online if you do. That kind of exposure would be madness if they could work out who it was in the picture. But if they couldn't...
"Don't be stupid, Sue."
I mean, if there's no face in it, how would anyone know?
"What are you doing, Sue?"
Without even being conscious of making the decision I was on my way to the toilets. There was a part of me that wanted to do it here and now where the risk of being caught was much higher but that tiny part of my brain that was still functioning properly judged the risk to be just too high.
I entered the stalls and glanced around to make sure I was on my own. I locked the door, pulled my pants down and sat on the edge of the seat. I spread my legs as wide as I could with my pants around my calves and started taking photos. The first didn't show much, so I used my other hand to spread my lips apart. The next one showed my finger sliding over my clit. The next had my finger inside me. The next showed a string of my cum stretching from my pussy to my now removed finger and the final one showed my finger in my mouth. I didn't even think about it as I sent them all to him and then got on with the business of making myself cum.
I thought again of fucking Luke in the auditorium but this time everyone had stopped to watch as I rode his cock to a mighty orgasm. In my mind, I had stripped naked and they could all see my tits bouncing wildly, my nipples hard as rocks, the juices coating Luke's cock and the squelching sounds of our wet fuck.
It didn't take long for me to cum at all. In fact, I probably spent longer calming back down to normal than it took for me to reach my orgasm.
I cleaned myself up and redressed. I put my phone back in my pocket where I vowed to ignore it for the rest of the day until I got home, even though I knew this was a lie to myself. I then washed my hands, splashed some water on my face to try and get some of the heat out of it and headed back to work.
I managed to ignore my phone for a while, if not the remainder of the day. I even managed to avoid destroying another pair of underwear until I got... Well, almost home. I know I should have waited to get home before calling Luke but I just couldn't wait. I was so worked up that I just had to have as much of him as I could. I was trying to concentrate on driving but all I could think about was Luke fucking me and the fantasy of him fucking me in front of an audience that had been playing through my mind all day.
"Well hello there, sexy lady."
His voice practically poured out of the speakers. Mmm, fuck, I was so turned on.
"Hello, my stud. I wish you were here to fuck me right now."
"Mmm, straight to the point, just the way I like it. I would happily fulfil your desires. Where are you?"
"I'm driving home from work right now, so that might be a bit tricky."
"I want you to stop the car as soon as you have somewhere to park."
"Umm... What do you mean?"
"I mean, pull the car over and park it. I may not be there in person but I am going to do the best I can from afar to fuck you right now."
I felt a shiver run through me and I angled the car to a parking lot right next to the public lake where all the joggers ran and exercised. I pulled the car up and turned off the ignition far enough to stop the car but keep the hands free running. I had a feeling I was going to need my hands free.
I was already panting with excitement. My nipples were hard and tingling, as was my clit. I pulled the handbrake on and my seat belt off.
"Okay, I'm parked."
"Good girl."
I was twice his age but him calling me a good girl made me so fucking hot.
"Take your shirt off."
Fucking what? There was every chance someone could run by and see me. But wasn't that the point? I started to undo the buttons of my shirt. My hands were shaking with nerves and I kept looking around as though someone was going to come up to the car and catch me straight away.
My phone seemed to drop out and I was about to hit redial when it rang itself. It was a video call and I realised Luke had hung up because he wanted to do more than just hear this.
I answered and saw my face pop up in the corner as Luke's face appeared on the screen.
"Mmm, that's much better."
"Mmm, yes it is. I see you have no shirt on, Luke. Where are you?"
"I'm stuck at home in my dorm now but I wish I was there with you. Where are you?"
"I have parked at the lake, you know where the joggers go in the morning and evening."
"Oh yeah, I know the spot. It seems I have interrupted you, please continue."
He leaned back as though to admire the whole thing. I could see his naked body and I wanted to taste him, touch him, feel his hands on my body. I continued undoing the buttons of my shirt. I took it off and looked around outside the car once again. There wasn't a soul around except some joggers around the other side of the lake. I reached behind myself and unclipped my bra. I couldn't believe I was doing this. I was looking around nervously then I took a deep breath and slid the straps down off my shoulders. I felt the cooler air caress my nipples and it was so exciting.
I shifted the phone to the dashboard where I could see Luke and he could see me. I reached up and squeezed my nipples. It sent a thrill of electricity through me, especially when I saw Luke licking his lips. His desire for me sent me into overdrive. I wanted to show off for him, I wanted to drive him crazy. And if somebody else saw me then good luck to them. I went wild. My body was quivering with desire as I ran my hands over my breasts. Soon I was rubbing the crotch of my pants, trying to apply enough friction but it just wasn't enough.
I kicked my shoes off and undid the button on my pants. I ran the zip down and pushed my fingers down into my crotch to my soaked panties. I ground into my pussy until I was on the verge of an orgasm but I wanted this to last. I delayed my pleasure a little further. I grabbed my pants at the hips, pushed my feet against the firewall and lifted my hips up off the seat. I pushed my pants and panties down my legs. I sat back down and tried to touch myself again.
Frustratingly I still couldn't get to my pussy because my knees were locked together by my pants. I growled with frustration as I pushed them further down, then off one foot, freeing my legs to spread nicely. God, it felt good to be naked. I looked around again and when I saw no one there I wound my window down halfway. I wanted to feel the breeze on my naked body.
I looked at Luke and realised he now was completely naked, leaning back and stroking his lovely cock right in front of me. Oh, God, I wanted that cock. I wanted to taste him and ride him and have him fuck me full of cum. Oh, I was so worked up now. My heart was pounding as I swung my leg up and over the centre console. I moved the phone so that Luke had a closer view of my dripping pussy. My fingers began circling my clit as I moaned in pleasure. I slid one finger inside me and pumped it in and out a few times before adding a second.
"Oh, yes, my good girl. Make yourself cum for me baby."
I shivered as his words washed over me. The pace of his stroking sped up and he was staring at me with an almost unnerving intensity. I pounded my fingers in and out of my pussy, it was making all kinds of squelching sounds as my cum leaked out and down over my ass.
I was crying out as my orgasm built. Anyone walking or jogging past would have known for sure what was going on but I was beyond caring. The thought of some random stranger seeing me spread open and naked, fucking myself with my fingers, just drove me further towards this almighty orgasm.
I was right on that edge, the precipice. I looked at the video and I could see that Luke was about to cum as well. I shoved a third finger inside myself and practically yelled with pleasure as the wave I was riding crested. I was shaking and twitching. Moaning as my cum practically splashed my thighs and hand. Damn near fisting myself as I watched my young lover blast jet after jet of hot sticky cum from his engorged cock.
"Yes, cum for me."
I don't know which one of us said it, maybe we both did. It didn't matter. The next few moments were that state of bliss as we came down from our orgasms. My chest was heaving and my fingers slowly slipped from my pussy.
"What are you doing to me, Luke?"
"Hopefully seducing you."
"Oh, you have definitely done that. I can't believe I just did that. In a public place no less."
I glanced around as I said it and for a moment almost missed the guy jogging towards the car park. I looked back and literally squealed.
"Shit, shit, shit!"
I looked at the camera in panic. Luke had a bewildered look on his face.
"Someone is coming."
I threw the phone onto the passenger seat, pulled my leg back over the centre console and started the car all in one movement. I slammed it into gear and floored it. The jogger was about two car lengths away as I left and had a shocked look on his face as he caught a glimpse of the top half of a crazy woman who appeared to be naked in her car.
I took off up the road towards home, trying to put my seatbelt on as I drove. My pants were still wrapped around one leg and I hoped desperately that it didn't cause me to have an accident. I began to giggle nervously at the turn of events. All the rest of the way home I fretted that the jogger would know who I was. I pulled into my street and looked around, hoping there was no one around to see me. I was incredibly grateful for the automatic door opener in the garage.
I pulled into the driveway and waited very impatiently for the door to go far enough up that I could drive in. I pulled in finally and sat nervously until the door was down again. Suddenly the garage was dark and cool and I sat there laughing at the stupidity of the situation.
I jumped as a voice spoke to me unexpectedly.
"Hey, Sue. Are you alright?"
"Oh, shit! You scared the crap out of me, Luke. I'm sorry, I thought I had hung up."
"Well, that was an interesting ride."
I laughed again, but this time I really could see the ridiculousness of the situation.
"No kidding. I'm pretty sure that jogger just got a good look at my tits, not to mention anyone else who saw me driving like a crazy woman all the way home completely naked."
I laughed again.
"That was so fucking hot."
I was about to tell him it was more terrifying than arousing but when I stopped and thought about it I knew that this would be definitely in my playback reel when I masturbated next. Which was probably going to be fairly soon judging by how hot I was getting thinking about it.
"Frightening, but yes, yes it was very hot."
Luke smiled wryly.
"Fuck, you are so sexy when you get like this."
I smiled at him, blushing.
"Sue, I wasn't planning on it, but I am going to come back home this weekend. I have to have you again."
A grin lit my face.
"I hope you have your Wheaties before you do. I don't plan on letting you get much rest then."
"Sounds good to me."
"To me too. Now I hope you don't mind but I need to walk upstairs and go have a shower."
"I hope you don't plan on getting dressed to do that."
"Absolutely not. I don't plan on wearing clothes again for the rest of the day. So imagine me walking around the house, doing the dishes and other chores naked for the rest of the day."
"Oh, I am definitely going to be thinking about that."
Chapter Seven.
I did exactly what I said I was going to do too. I walked from the car with my clothes bundled in my hands. I walked right through the house to the laundry where I put the clothes in the washing machine. I stretched, feeling the taut muscles in my body relax as I released the stretch. I was delaying going up to the bathroom because the sensation of walking, or should I say strutting, around the house completely naked was so naughty and nice.
I took my sweet time as I strolled up to the bathroom, grabbed a towel from the linen cupboard and finally went into the bathroom. I spent much longer under the running water than I normally would because I was daydreaming about how much fun it had been to do something so naughty. I kept replaying the surprised look on the face of the jogger over and over in my mind. I wondered how he felt about it. Was he disgusted by my actions or was he turned on by them? Did he go home and tell his wife what he had seen or did he keep it to himself? Was he doing what I was doing right now and playing that scene back through his mind? Was he getting home from his jog all sweaty and in need of a shower as much as I had been?
In my mind, he entered his home with his head full of the thought of the naked woman masturbating in her car. His wife greets him and after wrinkling her nose at his sweaty smell sends him to the shower. He strips off and glances at his naked body in the mirror, admiring what all the physical exercise had done for his physique and watches as his cock expands while thinking about the woman who was so horny she couldn't wait to get home to make herself cum. He wished he had gotten there earlier to watch her through her car window as she made herself cum on her fingers.
He was standing under the water now and stroking his cock as he thought about what he would do if she let him watch. Would she encourage him to stroke his cock for her? Would she reach through the window of her car and stroke him herself? He reached his climax thinking about her stroking him and as he watched his cum squirt from his cock to land on the floor of the shower, he thought about it landing on her naked tits.
I came again and felt my knees giving out. I hadn't even realised I was playing with my pussy because I was so deep into the fantasy. I was kneeling on the floor of the shower now with my knees wide apart as I could get them. My fingers still slowly stroked my pussy lips in a gentle circular motion as I came down from my orgasm. The hard spray of the water washing down over me was starting to irritate me now that my skin was extra sensitive so I wobbled back to my feet and turned the shower off.
I stepped out and grabbed my big fluffy towel. So much better than the ones in the Hotel, I thought randomly. I dried myself, noticing how sensitive my nipples had become as I did. It felt kind of weird not to be getting dressed after having a shower. Even though I was mostly saying it to tease Luke I decided to try it and see how it felt.
So that was how I spent the rest of the day, wandering around the house just doing all the things I would normally do except completely naked. Some of the time, after I got used to the sensation of being naked, it felt just like any other day, but then I would bend over to do something and feel the cool air on my pussy or my ass. Sometimes a nipple would brush against something and send a thrill through me and every time I walked past a window I would get a thrill of excitement.
If one of my neighbours was looking in this direction they would see me completely naked. The thought no longer scared me, more than anything it turned me on, and gave me an electric thrill that seemed to travel from my nipples to my pussy and back. Looking at it from an outside perspective, I was almost shocked at myself for feeling this way. It was nice, the confidence it was giving me.
I sat at the kitchen table, enjoying the last of the day's sun as it shone through and warmed my skin. I sat there drinking my coffee, the whole time hyper-aware of the fact that the neighbours could quite easily see through the window and see me naked. If they came out onto their deck at all there would be nowhere for me to hide and being that it was a warm summer evening, the chance was very good they would.
I wondered what I would do if they did? Would I panic and scarper or would I sit there trying to pretend I was oblivious to them and allow them to look all they wanted?
Sadly, I didn't get to find out as apparently they weren't getting home until much later. I finished my cup of coffee and as I rinsed it in the sink I noticed that their driveway was empty of cars. I couldn't decide if I was relieved or disappointed.
I moved around the house from room to room, ostensibly with the idea that I was doing housework. The reality is though that I was achieving little more than strutting from window to window in the hopes of giving someone a surprise view of my naked body. I was enjoying the risk but becoming more frustrated as I went because nobody seemed to be out in their yards this evening or looking through their windows.
I once again questioned my sanity. What would I do if I spotted a neighbour out there? Would I continue to show them all of me or would I, as I suspected was more likely, squeal and run for cover? It was strange to feel so torn by something. I wanted to show myself off. I wanted people to see me as a sexual being and desire me. I wanted to be wanted. I wanted to make men hard and women wet when they thought about me. I wanted them to take their glimpses of me and use them as masturbation and fantasy material. I was practically dripping with desire as I thought about this.
However, at the same time, my instinct was to hide. To cover up and not behave in such a slutty manner. I knew this was just the rules of society that I had grown up with and I could almost hear my mother's voice telling me not to behave like this. I had been thoroughly trained my whole life to think a certain way and it was a difficult thing to fight that. Ultimately though it was the taboo nature of it all that actually turned me on the most. That feeling of being slutty, dirty, naughty and desired because of it.
It was getting later now and the sun was setting. It wasn't cool yet but the temperature was going down. I decided I couldn't be bothered cooking anything so I rang and ordered a pizza. I had seen the "pizza dare" videos before and gave some serious thought to just opening the door bare-assed. The idea of being so brazen was rather hot but there was just no way I could do that. Not yet anyway, besides, a part of me found that a glimpse could be more erotic. I think that's why it turned me on so much to think the neighbours might catch me naked in my house, or see me riding Luke's cock in front of the window where someone could see or even get caught masturbating in my car. I wasn't just blatantly naked in front of strangers I was allowing an opportunity for someone to see the taboo. Where they were never really certain if it was intentional or accidental. There was an extra thrill in that for them too I think.
I know it would turn me on a lot more to find myself in a position where I could witness someone masturbating or fucking. Where they had just given in to the moment and were in the throes of pleasure. That was somehow so much hotter to me than someone just walking naked down a street, through a crowd, unashamed of their nakedness.
I went to my room and dug through my t-shirt drawer. I found what I was looking for and then reluctantly went for the underwear drawer. I found the G-string that I had bought and worn the day of the cube experiment and slipped it up my legs. I then put on the white t-shirt, the smallest one I owned, and went to inspect the result in the mirror.
I turned this way and that and was pleased with the look I had created. My nipples, which seemed to be perpetually hard these days, were quite prominent and there was no mistaking that I was only wearing the G-string and nothing more. I wished I was still as pert and firm as I was at Sally's age but I was still pretty happy with how I looked.
I pulled out my phone and took a couple of photos to send to Luke. As I was doing this the doorbell rang. I made my way downstairs again and headed for the door. I was impressed at how fast they had gotten here. I opened the door and was greeted with a very awkward yet erotic situation.
There standing before me was my next-door neighbour. I know I wanted to flash him from within my house before but now here he was, standing before me, blushing and trying to keep his eyes off my body. He was failing miserably.
"Oh, Hi Ian. I thought you might be the pizza delivery."
I was quite surprised and pleased to note that I had kept all hints of awkwardness and embarrassment from my voice. The same couldn't be said for Ian as he stammered, made a few false starts then eventually managed to get a greeting out.
"Oh my... Wow. Oh, haha, hi Sue. Umm. Yeah."
I did try not to laugh at the poor man but I'm afraid a small giggle may have escaped. We stood there looking at each other for a while. I was trying to look him in the eye to find out why he had knocked on my door and he seemed to have completely forgotten where he was let alone why he was there. Eventually, with a rather large smirk on my face, I had to ask.
"Is everything alright Ian? Can I help you with something?"
"Mmm."
He then shook himself visibly and it seemed to take a lot of effort to re-engage his brain.
"Hmm? Oh, yeah. Sorry. Distracted. Yeah, umm Cindy and I are going away for a couple of weeks. We were just wondering if you could ah keep an eye on the nip... ahh place while we are away?"
It took all of my effort not to laugh at the poor man. I wasn't about to make it easier on him though. Maybe I am just plain evil but I was having way too much fun.
"Sure, Ian. I would be happy to. Let me just grab a pen and some paper so I can get your number."
I was pretty sure I already had his number from a previous occasion where they had asked the same of me but I wanted an excuse to give him a lingering look at my ass. I turned around and casually strutted back inside. I knew he had a view of my ass still as I bent and rummaged in the drawer of the dresser table I keep near the front door. The notepad and pen were right on top but I pretended to look through them until I found what I wanted.
As I turned to walk back to him I noticed him reach down and adjust his hardening cock. I swear I felt a fresh gush of cum flood my pussy in response. I walked back to him handed him the notepad and pen then turned my back to him and bent forward so he could lean on my back to write it. As he was writing I could feel the heat of his body so close to mine. It was such a temptation to push my ass back onto his crotch and feel his hard cock on my ass. Maybe even feel it nestled between my cheeks. Fuck, I was getting so wet now. I was turning into a complete slut.
Don't get me wrong, I would never have fucked Ian. I'm not interested in being a homewrecker or dealing with the drama that comes from that. The tease, however, was so damn hot and fun. He finally finished writing his details and took a step back. I made sure my face wasn't giving away my inner thoughts and turned back to him. He was making a real effort to look elsewhere now. He handed me the notepad and pen.
"I have put the dates we will be away and where we will be staying as well."
"Okay, Ian. Happy to help."
"It's a great help. Thanks very much, Sue."
"You're welcome, have a fun trip."
I had to raise my voice as I said this last as Ian was almost running down the driveway now. Poor man.
As luck would have it, it was at that moment the pizza delivery arrived. That, however, didn't seem to go to plan either, as much as there was a plan. I expected your typical young delivery driver so when a woman who was at least ten years older than me stepped out of the car I was surprised. Suddenly I felt very self-conscious, embarrassed and foolish. Not that she said anything negative or even looked at me with more than mild surprise. I mean, with all the pizza dare videos online these days she's probably seen it all before anyway.
"Hi. Did you order the large special and garlic bread?"
"I did, thanks. I'll just grab the money."
I ran inside, hyper-aware of the fact that she could see my ass jiggling the whole way. I felt so embarrassed that I was sure I was practically glowing red. I picked up the notes that I had left on the counter and returned, determined to get this over with as soon as possible. I know it wasn't necessary but I really did feel the need to apologise to her.
"Here you go. Sorry for greeting you this way, I know it's not very appropriate."
I said as I handed her the notes. She just shrugged as she took a moment to eye me up and down.
"That's quite alright, believe me when I say I have seen a lot worse sights while doing this."
I chuckled, more from nerves than humour. She handed me the pizza and garlic bread and then began to search her belt bag for change for the notes I gave her. I shook my head and held my hand out in a stop motion.
"No no, you keep the change you've more than earned it."
She smiled at me and nodded her thanks then turned to leave. Just before she got back in the car she turned again and scanned my body again from head to toe and back. She smiled again and nodded then sat down in the driver's seat. She began to reverse down the driveway and I scampered inside as quick as I could.
I sat down on the couch and while I started to eat my mind wandered back over what had happened. I felt so confused. There was no denying that teasing Ian like that had been very hot and a lot of fun, but then it all turned so awkward and strange when the pizza delivery arrived. I felt so embarrassed and a little bit ashamed of myself but at the same time, I was so turned on by it. The whole unexpected side of things both terrified me and turned me on so much.
The way her eyes had practically caressed my body, lingering on my rigid nipples and my pussy. I know she had been looking at my ass as I went back inside, she couldn't have missed seeing it unless she suffered sudden blindness. She said she had seen worse sights. Does that mean it was bad but not the worst thing she had seen, or did it mean she liked what she had seen and was doing that typical Aussie thing of downplaying it? Why was it torturing me so much? What did it matter if she liked the look of me or not?
Ahhhhh! This was doing my head in.
My phone buzzed again.
"Lucky pizza deliverer. I wish it was me."
It made me laugh thinking about how he would behave if it was him.
"Well, let's just say that it didn't really go to plan. She was not as excited about it as you would have been. The next-door neighbour though, now that's a different story. He almost choked on his tongue. He came over to ask a favour and got quite the surprise."
We discussed it for a while longer and Luke was very excited about the neighbour getting such a close view of me almost naked. I ended up calling him when I was done eating and we made each other cum over the phone.
I was so tired and worn out from the afternoon of excitement and orgasms that not long after I listened to Luke stroke his cock to climax I was in the shower, then bed. I doubt it was any later than nine-thirty but I was exhausted.
I did have some very pleasant dreams though.
Chapter Eight.
The rest of the week went along in much the same manner. A frustratingly horny day at work followed by me finding somewhere to park that had the slight risk of being caught. I would strip naked and make myself cum, sometimes more than once, before driving home naked.
I was now spending as much time as I could naked around the house. I was doing things that I never would have dreamed of doing naked before, including one memorable occasion where I took the rubbish out to the bin completely naked. Admittedly, I waited until it was dark outside first but there was every chance of someone driving past and lighting me up with their headlights. If the neighbours heard the sound of me out there and looked, they would have seen all I had to offer as I returned to the front door where there was a light glowing above it.
I was so aroused by this act of exhibitionism that I was soaked and on the verge of coming while standing on the doorstep to get inside. I was no more than two steps inside the front door after closing it behind me when I could wait no longer. My right hand was between my legs making squelching sounds in my pussy as my left hand pinched my nipple hard enough to hurt. I came so hard that I found myself on my knees panting with no recollection of how exactly I had got there.
I removed my soaked hand from my crotch and got back to my feet. I made my way on wobbly legs to the shower and soaked my body until my mind was functioning again. I then crawled into bed, loving the feel of the fresh sheets on my clean, naked skin. I sent Luke a message telling him all about the evening's adventure and the resulting orgasm. The messages went back and forth between us for a while until he called me. We then talked and listened to each other's ideas and fantasies until it culminated with us both having orgasms. I told him good night and promptly fell asleep.
For most of my adult life, I have been a very light sleeper. I would wake up at noises outside and usually wake up early before my alarm had gone off. Not lately though. I have been going to bed earlier and sleeping like a log since this all began. Not even stirring until my alarm rudely dragged me out of whatever fantasy I was having or reliving at the time. It meant I was feeling quite refreshed, relaxed and happy now. Being desired and lusted after added to my sense of well-being too. So much so that people were commenting on how happy and radiant I was looking. One lady at work even went so far as to ask what my secret was. I laughed as I imagined telling her the detailed truth and watching the look of shock on her face but for obvious reasons, I refrained.
All-day Friday I was smiling. Luke kept sending me messages, telling me the things he was going to do to me over the weekend. I was like an excited schoolgirl, well, one with a very wet pussy all day anyway. All I could think was, I hope he has the stamina he's going to need to do all the things he says he's going to do.
On my way home I made my obligatory stop, this time at the lake where I did the first time. I was almost begging for someone to catch me this time. I pulled up, deliberately parking in a position where I couldn't just drive away in a hurry, angling the car so that I would have to do a three-point turn to leave. I stripped naked and felt a sense of relief at getting these constricting clothes off. I was running my hands over my body, watching a woman walk past my car with her dog on a leash. She was no more than a car length away from me but she paid no notice of me at all.
I spread my legs apart and began teasing my nipples and pussy with gentle touches. It soon escalated and I was slowly fucking myself with two fingers. It was so good and so nasty but something was lacking. I wanted more. More of what I don't know, just more. I wanted to be extra slutty. I removed my fingers from my pussy and smeared my cum over my nipples then sucked my fingers clean.
It was a warm day and there was a mild breeze rippling the grass and the water. I wanted, no I needed to feel that breeze on my skin. I thought of winding the window down then threw caution to the wind. I opened the door, a crack at first but it kept closing itself so I pushed it all the way open. I had to place one foot out onto the grass and lean a long way out to open it that far. Anyone in the vicinity would know at a glance that I was completely naked in there. I felt the excitement in me rise at the thought of being seen like this.
I stayed that way, legs spread wide apart, one barefoot out of the car and two fingers buried deep in my sloshing pussy. I was once again making a lot of noise pounding into myself and added to that were my grunts and sighs. I had reached the point of not caring if I was seen, in fact wanting to be seen. My imagination brought the jogger from last week back and this time he stopped and stood in the doorway of my car watching me pound my pussy. His shorts came down and he stroked his hard, throbbing cock right in front of me. I wanted him to do it. I wanted to watch as his cum burst forth from him and splash all over my naked body. I wanted strangers to cum all over me. As I had this last thought I rolled over the edge and tumbled into an orgasm that took my breath away.
I was coming down from the high when I suddenly became self-conscious and clambered to get my leg back into the car and closed the door. I had a good look around to see if anyone had noticed. I couldn't see anyone but I quickly put my seatbelt on anyway and drove off home. Along the way, I thought about what I had just done. I couldn't believe I was becoming so brazen. I was so shocked at my behaviour that I got a fit of the giggles that didn't stop until after I was safe back in my garage at home.
That night I had a glass of wine with dinner followed by a long soak in the bath. I preened and pampered myself in ways that I haven't in years. I shaved everything that I felt needed it. My legs, my armpits and the majority of my pussy, leaving a strip above my slit that I trimmed and tamed. I moisturised my entire body and felt supremely relaxed by the time I went to bed. I was so relaxed and felt so good by then that I fell asleep without the assistance of an orgasm for the first time in weeks.
I awoke to the sun streaming in through the window of my bedroom. It was a beautiful clear day with bright blue skies and the sun was warming my naked body as I lay stretched out across the bed. I had kicked the sheets off me during the night and there was a gentle breeze of fresh air blowing across me from the opened window. I remembered that Luke was coming today and a lazy grin spread across my face as I thought about all the things he had said he was going to do to me. If I was a cat I would be purring.
I sat up in bed and then eventually got to my feet. The scent of freshly cut grass hit my nose and at the same time, I realised there was a steady hum going through the neighbourhood. I looked down from my vantage as I stretched languidly in front of the open window. It was the picture of suburban normality if there was such a thing. Several of my neighbours were out mowing their lawns and some were just pottering around in their gardens. Washing lines were full of clothes and sheets while a couple of the families down the road a bit were packing their cars for a day trip to the beach or the lake.
As much as I'm not your classic suburban Mother, or maybe I am and my perception of normal is off, I had to smile at the Norman Rockwell-like scene before me. It felt so right and somehow so wrong to be standing here before my open window completely naked. I felt both immersed in the scene and separate from it at the same time.
I stood watching for a while, slowly rubbing the palms of my hands up and down my silky-smooth body and enjoying the sensation. My nipples had hardened at the first touch and my skin had become extra sensitive to the breeze coming through the window. I wondered if any of my neighbours were watching me. I was becoming moist just from thinking about it but I didn't want to cum yet. I wanted every orgasm I had today to be wrung from my willing body by Luke.
I made a real effort to remove my hands from my body. I leaned forward and placed them on the window frame, as much to keep them busy and not touching me as it was to show myself off. I began to do some basic stretches, limbering up my muscles which, although not stiff were not loose either.
I made my way back downstairs and sat at the table having breakfast. I looked out to the neighbour's house wondering if they could see me then remembered with some disappointment that they were away at the moment.
I spent the rest of the morning just pottering around the house trying to kill the time until Luke got here. It was frustrating because I had already done everything that needed doing and he still wasn't here yet. I was starting to get antsy. I was obsessively checking my phone like a high school girl. Then finally a message came through.
"Sorry I couldn't get back to you straight away, I have been driving. Have just stopped to get fuel. I will be there in about forty-five minutes if the traffic behaves."
"Just so you know, this is how I am waiting for you."
I took a photo of myself in the full-length mirror in the bedroom and attached it to the message. Seconds later my phone beeped again.
"Fuck the speed limits I'll be there in half an hour."
I chuckled. That was more like the response I wanted.
"Just get here alive and with a hard cock. I need it."
There was no response and I imagined him peeling out of the service station with smoke coming from the tyres. God, it felt so good to be wanted.
He didn't quite make it in the thirty minutes he had said but he wasn't far off it. I heard the car come to a halt in the driveway and the door slam. I looked out the window to be certain it was Luke then walked to the door. Before he could even knock I threw it open. Standing there in front of the world, completely naked and damn near dripping with desire for this fit, young man.
He stopped, his arm half raised to knock and his eyes feasted upon me. Drinking in every square inch of my naked, freshly shaved body. He let out a bestial growl and stalked in through the door. Our eyes never left each other and there was a darkness that shaded his eyes that was quite animalistic. He was a predator and I was his most willing prey. I stepped back as he stepped forward. His arm shot out and flung the door shut behind him and still, his eyes never left mine. I had goose flesh all over my body and a shiver ran through me despite the warm day.
He growled again and he closed the distance between us. His arm went around my waist and I practically melted at his touch. He pulled me into him and pressed my entire body against his. His lips met mine and scorched me with possibly the most passionate kiss of my life. I could feel the depth of his desire for me in that kiss and it scared me a little.
His hands were encapsulating me. He felt so big and strong even if he was only half my age. One hand seemed to cover my entire lower back and the other had a firm grip on my ass, kneading it like bread. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him back with as much desire as I could put into it. He squeezed me tighter and lifted me. I wrapped my legs around his hips and felt his hard cock press against my pussy. I had to have him. Now. I released my kiss.
"Fuck me now. You can make love to me later but I need you to fuck me right now."
Luke didn't say a word. He walked over to the timber coffee table in the middle of the lounge room, bent forward and placed me on it. He then stepped back, kicked his shoes off and stripped naked. The whole time his eyes never left mine and mine only left his eyes to watch his hard cock spring into sight right before me. He stepped forward and I leaned back. He hooked his arms under my knees forcing my legs back and my ass up as he leaned forward. I reached down and grabbed his cock to guide it into me.
I was so wet and ready that he could have just plunged straight into me but he didn't. Once his head was inside me he hesitated then slowly he began to slide into me. I was way too impatient for that. I needed to be filled by his cock immediately. He was about halfway in when I tilted my hips further and lifted my ass, impaling myself on his cock.
We moaned in unison as my pussy was stretched open and began to pulse and twitch around his cock. I could see the look of concentration on his face as he tried not to cum straight away. I had no such qualms. My pussy began to twitch almost immediately and I could feel it rippling, trying to milk the cum from his cock. I began rocking my hips which made my clit rub against his pubic bone and that was all it took. My first orgasm washed over me and it was delightful.
I was panting and mewling softly as it began to ebb away and then Luke began to fuck me in earnest. Within two or three strokes he worked up a good strong rhythm and was pounding into me. It felt like he was trying to drive his cock through me and I loved it. I was humping back, meeting every one of his thrusts with one of my own. Our bodies were slapping together, I could smell the scent of sex and sweat and I was so turned on. My arms were around his neck as he ploughed into me and my eyes were still locked on his.
"Yes. That's it, Luke. Fucking pound my pussy! Fuck me hard. Fill me with your cum."
His rhythm sped up and I knew he loved me talking dirty to him. I could feel another orgasm building in me and it was a much bigger one than before. It was growing with every sweaty slap of our bodies. Like he was inflating my orgasm with his cock.
"Yes, Luke. Fuck me full."
I could see the moment his orgasm began to approach. He was fucking me even harder and faster now. The coffee table was making dangerous creaking sounds with every thrust and unsolicited grunts and moans were escaping me at the same tempo. Faster and harder he went until my orgasm began to roll over me.
"Fuck yes! I want your cum now Luke!"
I was yelling loud enough for the whole neighbourhood to hear. Then Luke practically roared as he came. He thrust one last time, deep into me and I felt his cum erupt from his body. Pouring out against my cervix, filling me up and then leaking out of me. It was glorious.
I felt so slutty and good until Luke couldn't hold himself up anymore and collapsed forward onto me. I loved the feeling of his weight and his sweaty body against mine until with a sudden crack the coffee table gave out beneath us. I screamed as we fell and when we hit the floor the wind was knocked right out of me. We hit together with an oomph sound. At the same moment, Luke's cock and all the cum he had just deposited in me burst out with a wet farting sound.
I was winded, mortified at the sound and mess my body had just made and having a fit of giggles at the absurdity of what had just happened. At first, Luke was trying to make sure I was okay, but he was soon laughing along with me. It wasn't until I caught my breath that we managed to untangle our bodies. I looked him over as he stood up and that was when I noticed the blood running down his leg.
"Oh, shit. Luke, are you okay?"
He just laughed and looked confused.
"I'm alright, you're the one who took the brunt of that. Well, you and the coffee table."
"No, I mean your leg."
He looked down at where I was pointing and noticed the blood coming out of his leg. It was coming out at a steady rate glugging with each beat of his heart and was now pooling around his foot.
"Oh, shit. I hadn't noticed."
Finally, my mind seemed to find traction. I braced my hands and tried to stand up. I got almost to my feet and then slipped on the mess that had been ejected from me at the impact of our fall. Luke reached out and caught me before I could tumble to the ground. I reached out to him at the same moment. We managed to stay on our feet and not do any further injuries to ourselves although I noticed Luke wince in pain as he took my weight.
Wait here I'll be right back. I took off towards the bathroom. I wet a facecloth with warm water, grabbed a towel and ran back to him. The whole time I was thinking, this is going to be so hard to explain if I have to call an ambulance.
I got back to Luke and knelt next to him. I was in care mode now and wanted to make sure he was okay but seeing his semi-flaccid cock, covered in our cum right next to my face was a treat that I really wanted to enjoy. Raising his blood pressure right now would be a bad idea though.
"How are you feeling, Luke?"
"I'm fine. It hurts a little but I'm alright."
"You're not dizzy or faint?"
He chuckled.
"I'm a bit tougher than that. I can handle a bit of blood."
"Well this is quite a bit of blood actually and I don't want you to fall over and injure yourself again. Are you right to stand at the moment?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."
I was gently wiping around the wound to see how much damage there was. It wasn't a huge gash but it was deep and would require stitches.
"Well, the good news is we don't need to call an ambulance. The bad news is, you are going to need stitches. It doesn't look like there is anything stuck in there but it will need cleaning out anyway. Looks like we will be making a trip to the hospital."
"Oh, you're kidding."
"Nope. Sorry, Luke."
I got him to hold the towel firm against his leg to stop the flow of blood while I went and got a bowl of warm water and rinsed out the face cloth. I did my best to clean him up, including the excess cum from his cock and balls. I helped him slip on his underwear and shorts then I put his shirt on for him and got him settled into a seat. I ran back to the bathroom, gave myself a very quick clean-up, and then went to the bedroom. I threw a dress on over my head, grabbed the car keys and was back to Luke in a few short minutes.
I helped him out to the car only to realise that his car was behind mine. I helped him into the passenger seat and we were on our way.
We spent the majority of the afternoon in the emergency room at the local hospital. They saw Luke pretty much straight away but after cleaning the wound out and stitching it closed they decided he needed an ultrasound scan on it to make sure there were no splinters in deeper or damage to important blood vessels.
When asked how it had occurred, we explained to the nurse that he sat on the coffee table and it broke. The fact that there were no holes in his shorts, which she pointed out and the fact that it had driven into him from the front towards the back as opposed to back to front was not lost on her. Neither was my furious blushing nor the fact that when she asked how we knew each other we stumbled over our words. I managed to eventually get out that Luke was Sally's friend. That comment was met with an understanding nod and a small smile. We weren't fooling anyone.
By the time we left, it was late afternoon and we had missed lunch. That coupled with the vigorous activity from earlier and we were both starving. We hit the nearest supermarket and bought everything we would need for a picnic. It was too early for a restaurant or pub meal and we were too hungry to wait for them to open so we decided this would be the next best thing.
I drove out of town to a nice spot I knew of on the river bank that offered some shade with willow trees. It was also out of town enough that unless it was screaming hot there generally wasn't many people there. When we pulled up, there was one car there already. It was a group of teenagers who were all in the one spot where someone had hung a rope from the biggest tree there. We went a couple of hundred metres down the track where the bank wasn't as steep and there was grass down to the water's edge. It was a lovely spot and except for the occasional splash and cheer from the teenagers, it was almost quiet enough to think we had it all to ourselves.
It's a really beautiful spot where the water is deep and slow-moving. There are birds everywhere and the dappled light coming through the trees spreads spots of light across the soft, green grass. We found a comfortable spot to sit down and I spread the food out on a beach towel that I had in the car in absence of an actual picnic rug.
There was little romantic about that meal while we were eating it. We were ravenous and got down to some serious eating. We didn't even talk while we ate. When we were finished we both sat there feeling lethargic and a little bloated and before long we were both snoozing in the warmth of the afternoon.
I slowly came back to consciousness, wondering what had woken me up. I opened my eyes and realised the sun had shifted enough that it was now shining through a gap between the trees and right into my face. I shifted my body as I rolled onto my side and felt the weight of Luke's arm draped loosely over my body. I slowly lifted his arm and wriggled out from under it. His breathing remained deep and slow and he showed no signs of stirring.
I stood up and stretched the kinks out of my back. I picked up the remains of the food we had consumed and carried them back up to the car. I put all the rubbish in a bag and walked back down the track a bit to a rubbish bin and placed it inside. I heard a noise and looked up at the car with the teenagers in it. It slowly drove off down the track away from us and towards the main road.
I smiled when I realised that we now had the place to ourselves and a plan was formulating in my mind. Well, "plan" is a strong word. I intended to get naked and ride Luke's cock in the open air. By the time I got back to Luke, I already had the buttons of my dress undone.
He was still asleep and flat on his back, he didn't even stir as my dress landed on the ground next to him. I stood there for a moment just enjoying the feel of the air on my bare skin. It felt so good to be naked. I stood with my legs apart feeling the air kiss the moist folds of my pussy and even my ass. I closed my eyes and soaked in the sound of the river and the birds as well as the gentle breeze blowing through the branches. It felt so natural and right to be naked out there. Add to that, the constant state of arousal I had been in lately and I felt my nerves all over tingling.
I opened my eyes and looked down at Luke. He looked so peaceful and so damn delicious. I got down on my knees next to him and slid the zip down on his shorts. I popped open the button and felt him begin to stir. I reached in, lifted his underwear and took hold of his cock. From the moment I touched it, it began to harden. I smiled as I thought about how good it was to have a young lover.
I leaned forward on my knees, slightly conscious of the fact that if anyone were to view me from behind they would see my pussy and ass spread wide open. I wanted that to happen. I wanted someone to see me like that. I took the tip of his semi-hard cock into my mouth and sucked it in deep and hard. It felt so amazing to feel his cock harden and grow in my mouth. I kept it in there, not moving much, just sliding my tongue around the smooth skin. I heard a soft moan and a smile contorted my full mouth. His hand raised and stroked the back of my head.
I helped Luke ease his shorts down his legs making sure I didn't bump the bandage that was covering his stitches. Once he was as naked as I was I returned my attention to his cock. He was fully hard now and I slowly slid my mouth down and slowly back up the length of his cock until just the tip was in my mouth. I sucked hard on it and flicked the sensitive little hole with the tip of my tongue. I felt his hips trying to push up into me but I applied pressure with my hand, telling him with my action to stay still. He moaned again. I waited just long enough that he wasn't expecting me to change what I was doing then pushed my face down onto his cock as hard and as fast as I could until his cock hit the back of my throat. I gagged a little but I didn't care. I began swallowing until the reflex went away and then I felt my throat relax as his cock slid down into it.
"Oh, Jesus! Oh, fuck, Sue, that feels so good."
I was making short little bobbing motions on his cock, feeling the ridge pop into and out of my throat. Judging by the heavy breathing going on and the moaning sounds of pleasure coming from Luke, I was doing a good job.
He still had one hand in my hair and now his other hand was roaming down my back until it settled on my ass. He began squeezing it, which was pulling my cheeks apart. I knew there was no one behind me but in my mind there was and they could see my wet pussy and asshole, gaping every time Luke squeezed it.
He was trying to reach in further but his arm was at full stretch and he just couldn't quite reach. I moved around until my knee was almost right next to Luke's face, giving him much better access to my most intimate area. His fingers went to work on me and before very long at all he had two fingers sliding in and out of me. I love the wet noises that my pussy makes now and Luke was an expert at making me wetter and wetter by the minute. I felt his hand change position slightly and then one wet finger was replaced by another. The one he had removed began circling my asshole, almost tickling, but feeling so good and so dirty. He applied a little pressure and at first, my body clamped tight but then I began to relax and slowly his finger began to enter my ass. I never would have believed that this would turn me on but my god was it. I began pushing back against him, wanting more. I wanted to be full up.
My imagination was running wild again and the people I had imagined watching before were now more involved. I had Luke's cock in my mouth but his fingers became the cocks of these faceless strangers. One in my pussy and one in my ass. It sent me over the edge again as I began to shiver and shake on Luke's fingers. My pussy and ass clamped down on his fingers as I felt cum oozing out of me and running down my thighs. I reluctantly had to release Luke's cock so I could breathe deep enough to satisfy the orgasm running riot through my body.
Luke eased his fingers out of me but he wasn't done with me yet. He tapped the leg closest to his face then applied pressure to the inside of my thigh, indicating that he wanted me to straddle his face. I had a surreal moment where it was like I was watching myself from afar. Bare assed naked, out in a public place and about to sit on my young lover's face. What a brazen slut I was becoming. I fucking loved that feeling.
I spread my thighs and a surprised cry escaped me as I felt his tongue run up the inside of my thigh all the way to my pussy. He then did the same on the other side and I realised he was licking up the cum that had escaped me during my last orgasm. He then put his hands on my hips and pulled me down until my pussy was in full contact with his mouth. A shiver ran through me as I delighted in the feeling of his lips and tongue working on my pussy. I began to squirm then a gentle rocking motion set in as I rode his face. He encouraged me the whole time with his hands on my hips, sliding me back and forth as he sucked my lips, licked my clit and occasionally pushed his tongue up as deep inside me as he could. It felt wonderful and I was slowly brought to another small orgasm.
I leaned forward, changing the pressure of his tongue from my lips to concentrate more on my clit. It felt so good and I couldn't ignore the hard cock throbbing right in front of my face. I took him into my mouth and was delighted with the humming moan he produced. It vibrated nicely against my clit so I did my best to make him do that as much as possible.
It was nice and slow lovemaking, unlike the frantic fucking of earlier and it felt so luxurious, especially with the warmth of the sun on my bare skin. I was happy to take it slowly but a need was growing in me and I knew the only way to satisfy that need was to have Luke's cock inside my pussy. To feel it swelling in me and then bursting forth his load of cum inside me. I wanted to feel it all inside.
It was at that moment that something caught my attention. I don't know if it was a sound or movement that got my attention initially but it only took a moment to realise what it was. I glanced up and there on the river in front of me was a young couple around Sally and Luke's age. They were on an air mattress and had floated around the bend in the river and were looking straight at us. They both had looks of surprise on their face but neither said anything. At first, my instinct was to jump up and cover myself but that lasted about half a second. I sensed that they weren't offended by what they were seeing because they had stopped their progress down the river by grabbing hold of one of the larger willow branches. They were just watching, not making any moves or sounds and I wondered if they realised yet that I had seen them.
I sat upright, still writhing on Luke's face. And I began rubbing my breasts and nipples seductively for my audience. I made eye contact with them each in turn and smiled, letting them know that it was okay to watch. I was so turned on now that I just had to have Luke's cock inside me. I moved forward off Luke's face and crawled down his body until I was perched over his cock. He seemed happy to lay there and let me ride him, which I felt was good because I didn't want him to react to the strangers watching yet. I hovered over him, making sure my audience had a good view of me and what I was doing. I reached down and grabbed hold of his cock, guiding it to my ready pussy.
I looked at both of them, they looked as eager for me to take his cock as I felt. I kept eye contact with them as I slid down the length of him and bottomed out. I moaned, Luke moaned and I'm sure I heard over the sound of the river one of the strangers let out a low "Fuck."
My eyes rolled back and I threw my head back in ecstasy as I felt his cock throb inside of me. I reached up with one hand and squeezed my nipple as I began a slow, undulating circular motion with my hips. It felt so good to have him inside me where he belongs. I could feel the orgasm that had been lurking in me begin to grow. I moved a little faster, sliding further up and down his cock and felt it grow some more. I adjusted the position of my feet and leaned back, placing my hands on the ground on either side of Luke's ribs. I felt so wantonly on display. They could see my pussy, wide open and now being ploughed by Luke's cock as he began thrusting harder and harder into me. His balls were slapping against my clit with each upward stroke and my ass was slapping against his body. I was moaning and making sounds that I never would have believed would come from me.
"Fuck yes, Luke. Pound my pussy."
He obliged, holding back nothing. It was almost a blur as he pistoned in and out of me. I looked down to see what they could see. It was so erotic, so pornographic. I had never seen my pussy look like this and it ratcheted my orgasm up to the point where I almost couldn't hold on anymore. The rapid motion had whipped my cum into a froth and it speckled my legs and Luke's balls. My clit was more swollen than I had ever seen it and it all just looked so delicious that if I was flexible enough I would have bent forward and tasted it myself.
That last thought was what sent me over the edge. I called out wordlessly, almost crying with the joy of it. I couldn't support my weight anymore and collapsed on top of Luke. My pussy was spasming and milking Luke's cock who responded by grunting in my ear and firing a huge blast of cum deep into my pussy. The position of our bodies made it impossible for Luke to stay inside me and as he slipped out he fired two more blasts of cum straight up into the air that landed with a splash on my belly.
I lay there, panting deeply and running my fingers through the cum that was on my belly. My legs were spread wide open and I knew that the strangers were getting a very good view of my pussy, still pulsing with the aftershocks of my orgasm and leaking cum.
Eventually, I had to move. Luke did not complain about my weight on him one bit but I knew I must be getting heavy. I put my hands down again and pushed myself back into a seated position. The first thing I noticed was that the strangers were gone. I hadn't heard them make a sound and as I looked around I couldn't see them drifting off. Had I imagined it? Had they actually been there? Was my imagination pushing me that far?
I didn't mention anything to Luke as I didn't want him to think I had lost my mind but it was a bit of a concern. I stood up and immediately felt lots of cum running down my thighs. I was sticky with sweat and all manner of bodily fluids. I walked down to the river's edge and after feeling it wasn't unbearably cold with my toes I kept walking in until it was deep enough to dive under the water. It felt so refreshing and invigorating.
I surfaced and turned around in time to see Luke walking into the water as well. I watched him as he waded in looking freshly fucked, relaxed and sexy as hell. I smiled at him as he approached. For a moment I worried about his wound but soon remembered that it was a waterproof bandage they had put on it. He smiled a sultry smile back and when he reached me we wrapped our arms around each other. We kissed, beautifully, and softly and just held each other, suspended naked in the water and it felt so right. But suddenly there was a change. A thought entered my mind and it was like a dark cloud had crossed the sun above us.
What are you doing Sue? It's one thing to have a lover but an entirely different thing to fall in love. You must not do this. This is your daughter's friend. This will not be accepted, not by Sally, not by Luke's family, and not by the small-town mentality of home.
Luke saw me frown and returned it.
"What's wrong, Sue?"
I shook my head, physically shaking myself out of the funk that I suddenly found myself in and smiled up at him. I knew I was going to have to do something about this but not this weekend. This weekend was for pleasure only.
"Hmm? Oh, nothing. I'm alright."
He looked at me and I could see in his eyes that he knew I was lying but thankfully he let it go.
He smiled at me, kissed me again and glanced down the river. I followed his gaze but there was nothing to see.
"So, do you think they enjoyed their little show?"
Holy shit! He had seen them. They were real. I wasn't going insane with lust. Then I remembered all that they had seen and blushed.
"I bet they are somewhere downriver right now doing exactly what we had been doing."
I imagined them on the riverbank, their young, wet, naked bodies slapping together as they thought about and discussed what they had seen. I felt a tingle go through my body and I felt Luke's cock twitch against me. I knew he was thinking the same thoughts. We were both turned on by it but we were too drained to do more than store it in our memory for later.
We eventually got out of the water and dried off in the sunshine before slipping our clothes back on and driving home.
Chapter Nine.
That evening was pretty quiet. We cooked dinner and sat chatting about all kinds of boring and mundane things while we ate dinner and drank wine. Luke's leg was becoming stiff and sore but after a brief inspection, it appeared to be okay. There was no redness or swelling so I didn't think it was becoming infected, just sore from the day's activities.
We went to bed fairly early and it was a nice feeling to have someone cuddled up to me. It reminded me of my husband which made me sad and made me remember the thought I had had in the river.
I realised then that as much as I was having a great time with Luke and that he made me feel very passionate and sexy, I was not in love with him. I hoped he realised that this was not going to be a long-term thing. We were never going to be an item. We were fuck buddies and it wouldn't, couldn't be anything more than that. I decided that we would have to talk about this after the weekend was over. Luke was fulfilling some needs I had and doing a damn fine job of it too but there was one need he could never fulfil. It did make me realise though that after all this time, I was ready to try again.
I eventually got to sleep and when the morning came around I woke up to an otherwise empty bed. I wondered where Luke had gone and looked around for a sign. His clothes were gone so obviously he had gotten dressed. I got up and wandered around the house looking for Luke. The shower had been run but was empty now. I wandered down to the kitchen where there was a fresh pot of coffee on the bench and it was still warm enough to pour myself a cup. The house was very quiet and it was obvious he wasn't inside. I walked into the lounge room and looked out the window. His car was gone and I felt conflicted. I was kind of relieved strangely but at the same time, I was a bit pissed off. He couldn't have said goodbye?
I turned around and looked at the remains of the broken coffee table and chuckled. How could I be mad with memories like that? I realised I would have to get rid of the remains and get myself a new one. Maybe I would keep a piece as a trophy.
I drained my coffee, put my cup on the sink and headed back upstairs. I went to my dresser to get some clothes out for the day and saw a note, neatly folded, with my name on it on top of the dresser.
"Oh, so there it is."
Well, I guess he at least did kind of say goodbye. I picked up the note and sat on the edge of the bed. There was a slant of sunlight coming through the window and it was lovely and warm. I opened the note and read it through.
"Dear Sue. I wanted to have this conversation with you face to face. I feel like a coward writing it in a note like this. The reason I have is that I have had to go. My leg is in quite a bit of pain this morning and is now bleeding. I think I may have torn a stitch or two so I have gone to the hospital to get it checked. After I have been to the hospital I will be going back to university.
I have thoroughly enjoyed our time together and I hope you have too but something happened yesterday. When I was holding you in the river I was feeling something so much more for you than I thought I would, or perhaps should. Then I saw it in your face. You had the same feelings as I was having. I also saw you shut it down and I felt it last night too. You did not sleep well, and neither did I for that matter.
I know that what we have can be no more than what it has been, despite what my heart wants. I'm not ignorant of the intricacies that surround us being together. As I said, I wanted to talk to you about this but I was also scared that we would make love again this morning and I wouldn't be able to say no to you or turn away the way I need to.
I am sorry if I have hurt you or in any way upset you but I think you know that this is the right thing to do.
This thing we have had together has been one of the greatest things in my life. I will always remember these few days we have had together and I hope you feel the same way about them as I do.
I wish you good luck with everything in the future and I hope you find the right person to share this life with.
Luke."
I felt conflicted. I knew he was right and I agreed with everything he said but I still felt upset about it. I knew we couldn't be together, I didn't even want to be in that kind of a relationship with him but it still hurt.
I put the note aside and got dressed. I walked out of the room, picked up my car keys and walked out of the house and into the garage. I drove in the direction of town, the window open and the breeze blowing through my hair. The sun was beautiful shining through the window and the further I went the better I felt. A smile crossed my face that turned into a wicked grin as I drove past the lake, remembering the times I had played there. Sitting naked and masturbating in my car. I hadn't done those things for Luke, they were for me and I had awoken a part of me that I loved and cherished. I was not going to let go of this adventurous side of me just because nothing was going on between Luke and me now. I would always be grateful to him for being a part of that awakening.
I went into town and stopped at my favourite cafe, where I got a croissant for breakfast and a fresh coffee. I then drove out of town to the nearest reserve and went for a walk in the sunshine and the bush. As I walked I played through the memories I had of Luke. Some from when he was a teenager but mostly from the last few weeks. Flashing him in the park, having wild crazy sex in the motel, getting naked and masturbating in the car, the broken coffee table and then down by the river.
It was all so good and had me quite worked up as I walked in the heat and began to sweat. It was getting hot and I still had a bit of a way to go before I was back at the car park. I hadn't seen a soul while I was out here yet. I thought there would be some people out here but they must have been going to the lake or sleeping in on this Sunday morning. I undid the buttons on my blouse as I walked. Once again, I hadn't bothered with a bra or underwear, so what little breeze there was felt lovely on my naked skin and my nipples hardened immediately. By the time there were only a couple of hundred metres to go I could see the car. There were no other cars in the car park and I still hadn't seen anyone. I glanced around to be sure then slipped my shirt off completely.
I just loved the feeling of the air on my skin and the risk of getting caught was driving me wild again. I even slowed my walk to a casual stroll for the rest of the way back to the car. I stood there for a moment with the door open then pushed my pants down over my hips and stepped out of them. I folded them neatly with my shirt and placed them both on the passenger seat of my car. I stood there a little longer, enjoying the air and sun on my skin. I ran my hands over my body and then before I knew what was happening I was leaning back against the car, legs slightly spread and my fingers were slipping between my moist lips. There was nothing long-winded or dragged out about it. This was purely about having an orgasm, right here and now. It was quick, efficient and damn effective.
I then drove home in the same state I had been for most of the week, completely naked and turned on.
I spent the rest of the day naked and masturbating whenever and wherever I wanted to. It was so freeing and so exciting, especially if I happened to be near a window that could be viewed by someone on the street or a neighbour.
I had dinner alone but not in a sad way that night and before I went to bed I sent Luke a message.
"Hi, Luke. I just wanted to let you know that I found your note. I am sorry that you felt that you had to tell me in that way but I also understand. I have to admit I have trouble saying no to you too.
For what it's worth, I agree with you. It's not a relationship that is sustainable or smart for either of us. You were right, that is what I was thinking about yesterday and I am sorry if I brought the mood down. I wish you all the best for the future Luke and I too, hope you find someone who can give you what you need and is more age-appropriate.
Having said all of that, if you find yourself in the neighbourhood in the future, we are both single and you need some MILF time then don't hesitate to contact me. ;-)
I do hope I have given you some memories to keep you "entertained" over time.
Sue."
The following week was about as normal as it could be after the turmoil and the way my life had changed. I was, for better or worse, a different person now. I was open to new experiences now and for the first time since Sally was born, I was actively looking for them. I was trying to find information for people involved in exhibitionist lifestyles, not that I was having any luck. It's not like you can just ask the local librarian and even given the stunning amount of porn on the internet, which was feeding my fantasies a lot these days, it was a different story when trying to find like-minded people.
I decided to try and be a little more careful about where and when I played my games. It was fun to play but if I exposed myself to someone local who wasn't okay with it it could become a massive problem for me, not to mention Sally.
I was getting excited about having Sally home for the weekend and seeing what her camera had managed to capture of the cube experience. I knew it had the potential to be boring but at the same time, I at least knew it was going to be entertaining to see what Luke saw that day.
I spent the Friday evening preparing. I went shopping and got everything I needed to make Sally's favourite meal. I made her bedroom ready by changing the sheets and opening the window to air it out.
Saturday morning rolled around and after a quick chat with Sally to find out what time she would be home I decided to go for a walk out of town again. Sally had a meeting with their landlord this morning so she would be home around lunchtime. This meant that I had a few hours up my sleeve. I couldn't resist wearing the same outfit I had last time and thought about doing the same again but this time there were quite a few people around. Some of them had kids with them and I just couldn't risk it. One couple eyed my free-bouncing breasts and hard nipples appreciatively, both smiling at me. I made sure I stopped and chatted with them for a little while.
"It sure is warm this morning, I hope you are enjoying your walk."
The wife eyed me up and down, smiling.
"We sure are. It's going to be a hot one later, We came out early before it gets too hot for clothes."
Her husband and I both chuckled. I pointed at my breasts, my nipples were almost straining against the material now.
"It's practically too hot for clothes now as you can see, but better not scare everyone off."
Again, we all laughed but there was a strange tension building between us. The husband licked his lips and I felt a shiver run through me as he spoke.
"I certainly wouldn't complain."
I half expected his wife to be angry at him but she looked just as turned on as I was feeling right now. I felt my pussy getting quite damp when she said.
"Mmm, I wouldn't either but you're right, with kids around it can be tricky. Do you mind if we walk back to the cars with you?"
I smiled, feeling like I was being invited to something more.
"Of course not."
We began walking and the wife seemed to have come to an understanding of what I was about and introduced herself.
"I'm Mary and this is my husband Dean."
"Hi, Mary, Hi Dean. I'm Sue. Are you locals?"
"We are now. Dean just got a promotion so we have bought a house here. We have been here about a month."
"That would explain why I haven't seen you around."
Mary waved her arm, indicating the area as a whole.
"So, do you come walking here very often?"
"Actually, this is only the second time. I came here last Sunday morning and there wasn't a soul in sight for the whole walk."
"Hmm, that would have made it a bit easier then."
When I looked at her a little confused she pointed at my shirt.
"To wear less in the heat."
"Oh, yes! Much easier."
There was a pause, and then Mary, sensing an opening, pushed on.
"So, did you? Wear less, I mean."
I eyed her to make sure we were on the same page and that it was safe for me to say so. I felt again that Mary was somewhat of a kindred spirit and decided to take the chance.
"Well, yes. Yes, I did wear less. Quite a bit less actually, although I started the walk in the same clothes I have on now. By the end though, and for the drive home I wasn't wearing it at all."
It felt so hot and sexy telling someone I had just met that. They both grinned and nodded to each other.
"We do that too sometimes. It's actually why we came out here today, to see if it was somewhere we could do that. As you said though, too many families are around."
I looked around and we were now approaching the car park. There were a few cars there but there was no one in them. I looked back down the track behind us and the last family we had seen were now out of sight. I reached up and undid the buttons of my shirt. I noticed my fingers were fumbling slightly with nerves. I undid the last button and pulled the two halves apart, exposing my breasts and my rock-hard nipples. Both Mary and Dean were smiling appreciatively, admiring my actions as well as my breasts. Mary began to undo her buttons too. We were standing still on the path at this point and when she undid the last button she took her shirt right off. She then reached up behind her back and unhooked her bra. She slipped it off and handed it to her husband. She then slipped her shirt back on over her shoulders so that we were both dressed the same.
"Could you hold onto this for me please sweety?"
Dean took her bra, folded it neatly and tucked it into the waistband of his shorts as though he had done this very same thing a hundred times before.
I couldn't help but compare. I have, as I have said not the biggest breasts in the world and my nipples are a reddish-brown colour. Mary was shorter than me and of a more solid build. Her breasts were larger than mine and hung lower. I doubt Mary could get away with not wearing a bra very often at all. Her nipples were paler in colour than mine, just a slightly pinker shade than her skin but were considerably larger. They were quite engorged and stood out easily half an inch. My mouth watered just thinking about them and I found myself wanting to touch them. I managed to contain my excitement and enthusiasm though. I openly admired her breasts, just as she and Dean had mine.
"Mmm, very nice. I bet that feels a lot better."
She grinned at me as she rubbed her hands over her breasts and let her nipples flick between each finger.
"You know it does."
We began walking back to the cars and the whole time we were sneaking glances at each other. When we got back we had the happy coincidence of being parked next to each other. I opened the door of my car and started it to get the air conditioning running. I then turned back to say goodbye to Mary and Dean. Mary was looking at me with a smouldering look.
"It's so good to meet a kindred spirit, Sue. I am really glad we met."
"Yes, yes it is isn't it. Likewise Mary."
"We have a swimming pool in our backyard. Would you like to come for a swim?"
"I would love to but my daughter is coming to visit from Uni. I really am sorry, because that sounds great."
Mary smiled.
"Hey, family always comes first. It's an open invitation though."
She turned to Dean.
"Can you pass me one of those address cards please, Dean?"
She handed me the card which had their address and their phone numbers on it.
"Please don't hesitate to contact us. We honestly know practically no one around here and it's good to make a friend."
I smiled and before I knew what was happening found myself in a hug with her. The fact that we both had our shirts open and our breasts were touching was not lost on me at all. I felt a quiver run through my body that ended in a buzzing sensation in my clit.
Mary got a mischievous look on her face then.
"So, are you going to drive home the same way you did last week?"
I grinned back at her and licked my lips.
"I will if you both will."
After a cursory glance around it was like a race to see who could get naked first. There we were, all three of us stark naked in a parking lot just looking each other over like kids in a candy store. Mary had a voluptuous figure that reminded me of a Botticelli painting. She had wider hips than me and an accentuated hourglass figure. She had not a single hair on her body and I wondered if she shaved, waxed or had it professionally done. Her tan covered every square inch that was visible to me. Her pussy had smooth puffy lips that seemed to hide the rest of her pussy. I wondered how smooth her lips felt then realised I was staring, not that she seemed to mind. Dean was quite fit for a middle-aged man although he did have a little telltale sag to his skin. He too was tanned all over and very well-trimmed and maintained body hair. He wasn't completely bald like Mary but it was very neat and tidy. What impressed me the most though was just how thick his cock was. It didn't look to be ridiculously long but it certainly had more girth than I was used to seeing on a man. Did I just lick my lips? I hope I didn't, that would be embarrassing, but damn it was a tasty-looking cock. Dean eventually broke the silence.
"Well, unless we plan on getting arrested, we better get going."
We got into our cars and with a wave were on our way. I had a huge grin on my face as I drove around the edge of town towards home. I was getting wet thinking about the experience I had just had and it was all but impossible to avoid a sneaky little tease of my clit as I drove.
I loved the feeling I got from being naked and it was so nice to have someone acknowledge that it did the same for them too. I wound the window down and let the breeze blow through the car adding to the sense of being naked outside. I couldn't stop smiling as I thought about the possibilities of more adventures to come with Mary and Dean.
I was still grinning like a loon as I turned the corner into my street. I pressed the button for the garage door as I entered the driveway and that smile slid straight off my face. There was Sally's car, parked in its old place right next to where mine would go. Oh, shit! Sally is home early.
"Fuck fuck fuck."
Chapter Ten.
I swore as I pulled in. I reached for my shirt and slipped it on awkwardly. I had my pants in my hand and stepped out of the car to put them on as fast as I could. I bent over and hitched them up as fast as I could. I was just straightening up when Sally walked through the door into the garage. Our eyes locked and I know she saw the panic in mine as clearly as I saw the confusion in hers. I was fumbling with the button on my pants, my breasts still swinging freely between the open halves of my shirt. I got the button to catch and was trying to pull the shirt together as fast as I could but there was no hiding what had been going on.
"Ahh, hi, Mum. Are you right there?"
Sally had a quizzical look on her face that looked as though it was about to crack into laughter. I swear my face must have been neon red at this point. I sighed, looked down at my dishevelled state and just shook my head. I began to laugh at the absurdity of the whole situation. Here I was, a full-grown woman running around like a sneaky teenager and getting caught. Meanwhile, my daughter was the one acting more mature than me despite her obvious desire to laugh. I looked up at her, still giggling and shrugged my shoulders.
"Well, this is awkward. Talk about sprung."
Sally released the laugh that had been threatening.
"Sprung bad, Mum. What were you doing?"
"Just... Look, let me get inside and a bit more comfortable and I'll tell you about it. Just don't judge your mum too harshly, okay?"
She giggled again.
"Were you driving starkers, Mum?"
"Sally, please."
She put her hands up as though saying okay, have it your way. She stepped back to let me go through the door but as I did she smacked my butt on the way through as though I was a misbehaving child.
"Naughty girl!"
She couldn't contain another giggle as I leapt in surprise.
"I'll put the kettle on while you go get changed, Mum. I thought maybe we could go out for lunch then come back and go through this together."
She held up the USB stick. I nodded, unable to say anything due to an intense embarrassment and the shock that the tingling from Sally's spanking had intensified the tingling I was already feeling in my pussy. I went upstairs as fast as I could. I shut the bedroom door and my clothes virtually fell off. I was once again naked and it felt right again. I turned and looked back over my shoulder at the mirror and saw a large red handprint on my bare ass. It sent another shiver through me. Seconds later my fingers had parted the lips of my pussy and were attacking my clit. It only took seconds, as I had been close for the last ten minutes, for my orgasm to wash over me.
I stood there for a moment, my hand still in my crotch and my legs shaking slightly. I was once again in a position of questioning my sanity. What was I thinking? Sally was in the house and if I made any noises she would probably have heard. Hell, just from my behaviour alone she probably knew what I was up to. I was slightly ashamed of myself for my complete lack of self-control these days.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not ashamed of masturbating or having sexual desires. It was something I was always fairly open about with Sally because I didn't want her to grow up with the same hang-ups that the majority of my generation grew up with. It is perfectly natural and normal. Sally's natural inquisitiveness led to several conversations about it at a young age when she began to experiment with her body. I made sure to let her know how I felt about it but also that there were societal limits she would face as well. It turns out, that pushing the boundaries of those limits and taboos was the very thing that turned me on the most these days.
I went into the bathroom and washed my hands then splashed some water on my face. I then went back to my room and picked out a summer dress that would allow me to cover up with the least amount of thick material possible and still stay cool on the warming day.
I went downstairs to the kitchen where Sally was waiting for me with my cup of tea. She was smiling at me but not in a condescending way.
"Feel better?"
I blushed again. She could have been talking about the change of clothes but in my heart, I knew that she knew what I had just done. Time to live up to your own advice, Sue.
"Much better thank you."
"Good. Now, do you have a preference for lunch?"
"There's a nice bakery in town now. How about we get something from there and go sit on the picnic grounds at the lake?"
"That sounds nice. Have your cuppa first though, you look like you need it."
We sat and had our drinks then headed back out into the warmth. We went in Sally's car and after going to the bakery we headed to the lake. The picnic area was on a different part of the lake from where I had been parking after work. There was a lot more shade from the gum trees here and the cool breeze coming off the water was lovely. There were several families there with the same idea of a picnic in the park but the tables were all spaced well apart so having a personal conversation without fear of eavesdroppers was relatively easy.
We sat and ate in relative quiet, only commenting on the changes in town, the weather and other inconsequential matters until we finished eating. There was a pause in the conversation, one of those long silences that told you something awkward was coming. I looked at Sally and could see by the worry lines on her forehead that she was contemplating something that she wasn't sure how to approach. It was unusual for Sally to not just blurt out whatever she wanted to know and I was fairly sure I knew why. I decided to make it easier for her.
"What is it that you want to know, Sally? Just ask me."
She looked at me sheepishly.
"It's weird when you read my mind like that, Mum."
I chuckled.
"It's not mind-reading, Sally. It's written all over your face. You're worried about me."
"Well, yeah, I am a little. What were you doing this morning, Mum?"
I took a deep breath. Here goes everything.
"Well, I have had some changes going on in me lately. I don't know why really but it has changed the way I think about some things and the way I feel about some things. I have started experimenting a little bit with things that, well, let's just say they are things that..."
"Just say it, Mum. We're both adults."
"Okay, I have been finding out about some things that arouse me."
I knew I was blushing furiously so I stumbled on.
"I kind of like being naked, you know. A lot actually. The chance of someone seeing me or catching me naked where I shouldn't be is really exciting. I had been for a walk and I decided to drive home naked. I had no idea you would be home early."
There was a long pause as Sally took in what I was saying.
"Wow, Mum."
"I'm sorry if this is weird or embarrassing for you, Sally."
"No, it's not that. Not at all. It's just, well, I'm kind of impressed and I get it because. I have to admit, that sort of thing gets me excited too, I just never thought you would be into that sort of thing."
I was suddenly intrigued. Sally was into that too? I had so many questions but I wasn't sure whether I could ask them.
"You're genuinely not weirded out by this?"
"God, no, Mum."
"Have you ever done that?"
The question was out before I could stop it. I blushed and almost immediately took it back.
"Shit. Sorry, Sally, that's none of my business."
Sally just laughed.
"I don't mind, Mum, but no I have never driven around naked. I have to admit though, that I am more than a little intrigued by the idea. Was it as scary as I think it would be?"
"Well, yeah but that's kind of the point, isn't it? I mean it is for me anyway. That risk of being seen is very exciting."
We were both silent for a few moments. I watched her carefully as she processed the fact that her mother had become an exhibitionist. I could see the questions circling her mind and wanted to know what they were, but I didn't want to push the issue with her at all.
"So, have you? Been seen that is."
"I'm not really sure. I think maybe I was once but I don't know how much he saw. I drove off in a bit of a hurry."
"So you were parked at the time."
"Mhmm."
My mind went back to the jogger just on the other side of the lake from where we were having this conversation. Then it skipped to the fantasy part where he was stroking his cock for me and my pussy was all tingly again. I knew my nipples had hardened again and I caught Sally noticing too before she looked away.
"Were you... umm. Were you doing more than just sitting in the car?"
"Mmm. Yes well, I was pretty excited."
Sally was squirming now. I wasn't sure if she was imagining me masturbating naked in the car or if she had put herself in my position. Either way, she was clearly becoming a little excited herself.
"And was this before or after the cube?"
"It was after but it was around that time that things began to change for me."
Sally nodded as though understanding something I hadn't mentioned.
"The dress."
I laughed as I remembered the dress from that day. God, I had felt so sexy in that dress.
"The dress was part of it."
"Was that when you stopped wearing bras?"
She nodded in the direction of my breasts. I looked down and saw my nipples pushing against the thin material of my summer dress.
"Is it that obvious?"
It was Sally's turn to laugh.
"Ah, yeah it is, Mum."
"Yeah, it was about then that I stopped wearing underwear."
Sally's eyebrows raised dramatically.
"All underwear?"
I nodded.
"Pretty much."
"Wow, Mum."
She looked kind of impressed. There was another long pause as she thought about all I had said. She decided to move on from there though.
"I think we should probably get going. We've got a lot of footage to get through."
Sally paid a lot of attention to me as I stood up, as though she really saw me as a woman for the first time and not just her Mum. I looked at her inquisitively and she gave me a big smile. It was a genuine smile and not forced at all which made me feel better about the conversation than anything could have.
The drive home was mostly in silence as we were each deep in thought. When we pulled up in the driveway I got out of the car and headed for the door. I was about to open it when Sally tapped me on the shoulder.
"Mum?"
I turned to face her and Sally gave me a great big hug. It was unexpected and really lovely.
"Is everything okay?"
"It's fine, Mum. I'm just really proud of you for, well, you know, exploring your world and I just want you to know that it's okay with me."
"Oh, well. Okay. Thanks."
I wasn't sure why she felt she needed to tell me that she was okay with it. I mean, we were both adults and I wasn't about to stop being myself but it still felt nice to have her understanding.
"No, I mean if walking around the house naked is something you do now, then that's okay with me. You don't have to not do it because I'm here."
She was blushing madly. I wasn't sure if she was trying to be supportive of me or if she genuinely wanted me to do it. Either way, I didn't think it was something that I would be doing just yet anyway.
"Oh, well, thanks honey but I won't put you through that trauma."
We both giggled as we walked inside.
We put some things from the picnic in the fridge and I got us a cold bottle of wine. I held it up for her to see.
"I bought this to celebrate with you as we go through the video."
Sally grinned and went to the cupboard to get some wine glasses. She put them on the bench and then looked at me thoughtfully.
"Here, Mum. Go start up the computer and put this in. I'll be back in a minute, just going to get into something a bit cooler myself."
I took the USB stick from her, gathered the glasses and bottle together and headed into what had always been the spare bedroom for guests but spent more time being my office space. I got everything running then got an extra chair from the kitchen. I had just sat in my chair when I heard Sally approach. I swivelled in my chair and was taken by surprise at What Sally was wearing. She too had put a summer dress on, although hers only came down to mid-thigh, whereas mine was full length. She had also decided to not wear a bra. Sally had quite a bit more going on than me in the chest department but she still had that firmness of youth. Her breasts swayed with each step and her large nipples were plain to see through the light-coloured material. The result was somewhat hypnotic and I watched them sway to and fro as she walked into the room.
"You're right, Mum. It does feel quite liberating and it is cooler without underwear."
That's funny, why was I feeling so much warmer all of a sudden?
She looked down at her breasts, took them in her hands and hefted them, as though feeling their weight.
"Although I doubt I could get away with walking around town like this."
She moved over to the seat next to me and sat down.
"Now, let's have a look at this."
"Hmm? Oh right. Yes, let's."
I tried to concentrate on what was happening but for the most part, I was stuck on the thought that Sally was sitting right next to me and just like me she was wearing no underwear. Then she got my attention.
"What's this?"
I looked back at the screen and there were multiple folders. They were marked.
Subj. 1., subj. 2. and so on.
"Just open the first one and see."
She clicked on the file marked Subj. 1. and it opened to another two folders, marked A and B. She clicked on A and found a video file. She pressed play and it showed the cube being wheeled out into the mall. It didn't take long to work out that it was Luke's file and we settled back to watch the show. Initially, there wasn't much happening and soon Sally was leaning forward to scroll the mouse further along the video track. I glanced at her and was amazed at just how much cleavage she was showing as she leaned forward. Had the top button just popped open or had she opened it herself?
"That's better."
I tore my eyes away from her jiggling breasts and back to the screen. It was an incredible view of the first of the dancing girls. Good god, Luke had an excellent view from in the cube as this cute young girl twirled and turned no more than a few feet in front of him. She twirled and spun a few times, once even showing her panty-covered ass. She had a beautiful figure and I could see why the dress she was wearing inspired me so much on that day. She struck a pose and her friends all cheered and laughed.
Then the next girl got up. She was a lot more buxom and certainly more confident than the first girl. She was pulling out all the moves and eventually was twerking so close to the cube that she was almost rubbing against it. Her dress kept popping up over her butt showing her G-string, her ass cheeks and her scantily covered pussy. By the time she was finished, I was soaked. I heard Sally release her breath as though she had been holding it. I looked across at her and noticed the fingers of one hand were inside the buttons of her dress. At the moment they were just resting on her flushed chest but I wondered if they had just been brushing her nipples. The thought of it made me want to play with mine. At this point, I half regretted knocking her back on the offer of being naked.
There was cheering and cajoling coming from the speakers and that drew my attention back to the screen. The camera was behind the glass and that muffled the sound from outside. I could hear the girls trying to convince the third to get up and dance but she was shaking her head. The body language of the others made it clear that they were asking her why not and when she spoke they all laughed. To prove the point she was making though she quickly glanced around, spread her legs apart and held up the hem of her dress. There on perfect display for Luke was a lovely, neat and somewhat puffy-lipped pussy. Sally leaned forward and hit the pause button. There we were, as though looking through the eyes of Luke at this girl's lovely pussy.
"Wow."
I had to agree with Sally. That was a very nice-looking pussy.
"Wow indeed."
Sally looked at me and her cheeks were now as flushed as her chest. She was lightly biting her bottom lip and I could see in her eyes that she was just as aroused as I was. I wondered if her pussy was as wet as mine. Did her pussy get as slippery as mine did, especially now that I was keeping it shaved? Did her cum smell like mine? Did it taste like mine?
What the hell was I thinking?
I forced myself to look away from her and poured us both another glass of wine. My hand was shaking as I handed her her glass.
We skipped through large portions of the rest of the video because it was essentially not that interesting to watch. I knew Sally would go over it in a more analytical way later but for now it was just about seeing it for the first time. The video ended as the cube rolled back into the warehouse.
"Well, that was ahh entertaining."
I had to agree with her.
"Sally, I don't know if you are allowed to because of your thesis but I would very much like a copy of that."
Sally laughed.
"You won't be the only one getting an edited version of this. I intend to keep a highlight reel for myself."
I laughed along with her.
"Well, I imagine that will probably be the highlight of the whole thing. I know I certainly didn't get a view that good."
"Let's have a look and see then."
She leaned forward again and once again I was distracted by her breasts as they swayed in front of my face. She exited Luke's folder and opened the folder marked Subj. 2. and opened one of the two folders in there. Unbeknownst to me, it was the second folder. I was still staring at Sally's swaying breasts when I heard her gasp.
"What the hell?"
I looked up at the video playing but this was an entirely different angle. There I was, trying to get into the cube and stumbling. There was both Luke's and Sally's face, staring at my upturned and G-string-clad ass. Both had equal looks of shock although Luke's was tinged with lust.
"What the hell?"
Sally said again.
"Did the camera get turned around somehow?"
"It can't have. It was mounted solidly. There are two folders, there must be two cameras."
"I thought you were the one setting it up?"
"I set the parameters but the AV guys did the setup. They must have misunderstood what I asked for."
I was starting to get a bit nervous. Turned on like mad, this was the ultimate in being watched but nervous. Sally had no idea what she was about to witness.
"Ah, this could get awkward, Sally."
Sally looked at me and seemed to draw understanding from my look and her memories of the day. She smiled at me.
"It's okay. I already have a pretty good idea of what went on in there, Mum. There were a lot of tissues used that day."
"So long as you're prepared for what you are about to see."
Again she looked at me with a coy smile. She then looked away and quietly said.
"I want to see. I want to watch."
My pussy went into convulsions and I had to use all of my willpower to not stuff my hand into my crotch.
My face felt like it was on fire and I was so aroused it wasn't funny. It wasn't long at all before the video showed me investigating the smell and Luke's cum. Then it was on. I was looking at myself going wild. I was all but naked, my bare feet up on the glass and spread wide apart. The camera showed my spread-open pussy in HD. My fingers were pounding into me and my cum was all creamy and leaking out over my ass.
I glanced across at Sally and my jaw dropped. The remaining buttons on her dress were now undone. She was squeezing one of her long hard nipples and her other hand was slowly moving towards her crotch. Her legs slowly began to spread and her hand began bunching her skirt up. Soon enough she had exposed her sparsely haired and very wet pussy to me.
I couldn't believe this was happening right in front of me. Her fingers were trailing up and down gently over her pussy lips and teasing her clit. My own hands had begun to wander too. I was somehow copying her movements. My breasts were now free and my dress was bunched up too. My fingers were moving to the same motions and rhythms as Sally's I was watching her intently and as my fingers copied hers it felt as though it was her touching me and me touching her at the same time.
She lifted one leg and draped it carelessly over mine. The feeling of her skin on mine seemed to amplify my feelings and she moaned as though she felt the same way. Her fingers began to push into her soft wet centre and she let out a deep growl of satisfaction. She looked directly at my pussy as I too followed suit and slid two fingers deep inside myself.
"Yes, push them in nice and deep."
She whispered almost to herself but I did as I was told. Before long the room was filled with the sounds of our moans, the wet sounds produced by our pussies the slapping sound of our palms hitting our clits and our pubic mounds as we fucked ourselves hard. The smell of our combined juices filled my nostrils and then it hit me. It was like a tidal wave as I was shoved under the current of a massive orgasm. I knew I was calling out. I knew I was wetter than even I thought I could get and I could hear Sally crying out in the throes of her orgasm. Her voice strangely echoed mine.
I sat there, disoriented, twitching, convulsing from time to time with the aftershocks of my orgasm. My hand had fallen from my breast and was resting gently on Sally's bare thigh. Her fingers were entwined with mine as she held my hand against her flesh. Her head was thrown back and her eyes had a glazed quality about them. Her skin was so soft and smooth and warm. She felt delicious. I could feel her fingers were wet and I realised that the hand that was holding mine was coated in my daughter's cum. That thought sent another shiver through me.
"Oh...My...God."
Sally's eyes were coming back into focus and she was blinking as though she had just stared at a bright light. She turned her head to look at me and a big grin spread across her face.
"Are you okay, Sally?"
She gave a gentle snort that if she had the energy may have turned into a laugh. Her eyes lingered on mine for a few seconds.
"Oh yeah. I am more than okay. That was... Hell, I don't know what that was. Incredible, amazing, stunning, beautiful. None of that is enough to say what that was."
I felt my face warm with pleasure as I realised that she wasn't weirded out by what had happened.
"It was pretty amazing wasn't it."
She pointed to the screen with her free hand.
"Mum, you look absolutely beautiful when you cum. Not only was that the most erotic thing I have ever seen but that was possibly the most erotic experience I have ever had."
Now I was blushing fiercely. I couldn't believe she had just said that. I had just been uncovered doing something quite taboo, beyond taboo, downright filthy. The way I was acting was purely primal, like a wild animal and yet she thought it was beautiful, that I was beautiful. Here sitting next to me was one of the most beautiful people I know, both in character as well as appearance, yes I am aware of my bias, and she thought I was beautiful?
I was moved to tears. Sally noticed me crying and immediately moved from her chair and embraced me.
"Oh, Mum, don't cry. I know you probably feel a bit awkward or embarrassed about me seeing that, but I mean it. It was a beautiful, heartfelt, natural thing. You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. Do you think I would have reacted the way I did if I thought you were behaving shamefully?"
I loved what Sally was saying, even if she was slightly off. I just couldn't move past the fact that we were pretty much naked and embracing after we had each had an intense sexual moment in each other's company. I could feel every single place her skin touched my own and it was heating me up. The only thing that felt inappropriate to me was how I kept getting aroused by my daughter. I wasn't upset that she had seen me masturbating in the cube or that our physical reactions to that had been what they were, I was, more than anything, confused about how I should be feeling. I felt such intense love and fierce pride for her right now but quite separate from that was the fact that an attractive young woman who I had just seen cum for the first time was now holding my naked body against hers and it felt so damn good.
I held her back from me before I did something that I would regret. I gave her a smile that probably looked a bit watery considering the tears.
"Sally, I'm not ashamed of who I am or what I have done. I was crying because despite all that you have learned about me today you still think I am beautiful."
"Oh, Mum. It's because I have seen you on a more personal level that I have seen even more of your beauty. You are more beautiful because of it, not less."
I stood up so that we were face to face and embraced in another hug. I kissed her on the cheek and then squeezed her closer. We held each other for a bit longer than what was probably appropriate but it felt so good and neither of us was in a hurry to let go. I was beginning to get tingly again and I was fighting the urge to let my hands explore a little.
"Sally."
I whispered against her neck.
"Mmm."
"As much as I am enjoying this hug, I'm starting to enjoy it a little too much."
"Mmm, I'm enjoying it too. I don't mind though."
Her hand began to trail lightly down my back, causing a shiver to run through my body and it was almost impossible to prevent a delighted little gasp from escaping my lips as her hand cupped my ass cheek.
"What don't you mind, Sally?"
I asked lamely. The truth was I had a pretty good idea where she was going with this but I was beginning to feel conflicted. I was incredibly aroused but this was my daughter.
"I don't mind if you want to touch me. I want to touch you."
If I didn't put a stop to this very soon I was going to lose all self-control and no doubt all self-respect. I moaned as her fingers wandered around my ass. I could feel my nipples pressing hard against her flesh and the desire to undulate my hips against her was a battle that I was on the verge of losing.
"Sally, I want to so much. I want to touch you and taste you but..."
"Do it, Mumma."
She had never called me that before and it was so hot. She was pressing all my buttons but one and it wouldn't be long before she would do that if I let her.
"I just can't, I'm so sorry."
We stepped back half a pace and looked each other in the eye. We were panting like it had been the hugest effort to separate but there was a fire in Sally's eyes that I was pretty sure matched my own.
"It's okay, Mum. I understand. I need to cum again though and I would love it if you stayed with me while I did."
I had reached a point where I was pretty much open to anything. I doubt I would have kept saying no to Sally's advances for much longer if she persisted. It shows just how far down the rabbit hole I had gone that this felt like a good compromise.
Sally pushed her dress down over her hips and let it fall to the floor. I matched her movement then sat back down in the swivel chair which I turned to face the other chair. This time our focus was solely on each other, not the monitor. Sally sat with her legs parted and I was greeted by the sight of her puffy pussy lips which slowly peeled apart, showing me the rich, pink and very wet inside. She looked so good that I once again had to fight an urge to just dive in and taste her.
I made no conscious decision to mimic her movements but that is what happened anyway. I spread my legs apart so that she could see all of me. I began to rub my nipples and when she did the same it added a thrill to the action. She then slid her hand down to her pussy, seemingly impatient to make herself cum again. I did the same and watched with delight as Sally circled her clit a few times with her fingertip before slowly sliding it down to the bottom of her slit and then back up to her clit. She was spreading her juices all around her clit and her lips with her fingertips and as I watched I did the same.
She slid back down and slowly pushed one finger in until her knuckles were pushing hard against her pussy, almost mashing her lips. I did the same and felt my orgasm stirring within me. She held her finger in deep for a few moments then pulled it almost all the way out. I loved the way her lips kind of clutched at her finger like they didn't want to let go. She then plunged it back in and pulled it almost out again only to plunge back in immediately. She pulled most of the way out but this time she added a second finger before slowly sliding back in.
The process was repeated and I copied every move she made. When she curled her fingers up and massaged her G-spot, so did I. When she began pounding her fingers in and out of her pussy, I did the same. But what she did next took me completely by surprise.
"That looks so sexy, Mum. That must be what your pussy looked like when Luke was fucking you. I wish I could have seen that. Seen his cock pounding you like that."
I was going over. There was no stopping or even slowing it this time. The mental image she just planted, grew and blossomed in my mind. It was my pussy being fucked by Luke but it was her pussy, all creamy and oozing, that I was watching. Her fingers were pistoning in and out. She lay back further, put her feet up on the arms of my chair and pulled me towards her until our thighs were touching. Both of my arms were rubbing against her thighs as well. The hand in my pussy was sliding back and forth against her thigh as I fucked myself and my other hand was sliding back and forth on the inside of her other thigh. Her skin was slick with sweat and cum and it felt so nice.
Her hands were doing the same thing on my thighs. I wanted her to go further but I didn't at the same time. I could tell she was letting me dictate how far she could go by mimicking my actions, The temptation was so great but it was a line I just couldn't cross no matter how much I wanted to. My orgasm was rapidly reaching its peak and Sally seemed to be travelling right alongside me. We were both panting and keening as it built to new heights.
Then as it was about to crash over me sally almost screamed.
"Fuck yes, I'm coming for you, Mumma. Cum for me please."
I came hard. My legs went rigid beneath Sally's and I felt hers tense up as well, pulling us even closer together until our hands were clashing together as they pounded our respective pussies. Her cum was splashing against my hand and thighs or perhaps it was my cum splashing onto her. Regardless we were both in a divine ecstasy as we lost ourselves in our orgasms.
I was winding down, with my head back and my eyes closed, Just slowly rubbing up and down my slit and around my clit, focusing on the sensation of how wet and good I felt. I realised then that It was no longer the back of Sally's hand that my fingers were rubbing against as well. I looked down and realised that Sally had slid even further forward in her chair and my hand was now sandwiched between mine and Sally's pussies. I was feeling, for the first time in my adult life, another woman's pussy and it was my daughter's. I glanced up at her and she had her head thrown back as I had. She had her eyes closed and she was letting out a gentle groan of pleasure.
"That feels so nice."
For some reason, I kept the motion going. I should have stopped straight away I know but it was like my brain had stopped functioning properly and I was running on libido only.
Finally, I had to stop. Not for any moral reasons, it was just that my clit was becoming too sensitive. I gently removed my hand but before I could do anything else Sally reached down and took my hand. She raised it to her lips and kissed each of my fingers in turn. I could see our combined cum glistening on her lips before she licked them.
"Mmm, we taste so good together."
I didn't know how to respond to that. I did know that I was starting to get uncomfortable and it felt like a cramp was coming too.
"I have to move now Sally."
We began to disentangle and there was an awkwardness between us for a few moments. I picked up my dress from the floor and turned to look at Sally again.
"Are we okay Sally? Is this going to be a problem?"
She smiled at me and I knew already we were okay but I still needed to hear it from her.
"We're fine Mum. I do need a shower though."
"Me too, but you can go first if you like."
I watched her walk off then went up to my room to get organised. I sat on the end of the bed staring into space as I tried to wrap my head around what had just happened. How did I feel about it? How would this affect our relationship? Was I a terrible parent for having let it go so far? I should have been stronger, I shouldn't have done what I did in the cube that day and none of this would have happened. But would I have been true to myself if I hadn't? I certainly didn't intend for this to happen and I didn't set out to seduce Sally. If anything, she pushed harder for it than I did.
"That's no excuse, Sue. You are the adult in this relationship."
Great, now I'm talking to myself. The voice of reason spoke up inside my head. Well, Sally has been an adult now for several years. She's no fool and she knows what she wants. That made me angry, mainly because I knew it was right. Society had decreed this type of thing to be wrong and as such someone had to be to blame. That blame could only lie with me because I felt guilty and I didn't want the blame on Sally. Therefore I was claiming ownership of it. The cool logic of my voice of reason told me that was ridiculous and that I was taking something away from Sally by claiming all responsibility, but what has cool logic got to do with hot passion?
Everything and nothing in equal measures apparently. So I sat there with my head spinning, staring out at the street and seeing nothing. I didn't even notice when Sally walked into my room. I was startled out of my reverie when she sat on the bed next to me. She put her arm around me and pulled me a little closer. It was nothing more than a mother-daughter comforting hug and I appreciated it.
"Stop beating yourself up, Mum. I can see it in every line of your face so don't deny it."
I never was much good at hiding anything from Sally. I knew telling her it was all my fault would only result in an argument so I said nothing.
"The fact is, Mum. I wanted that. I think maybe I needed it. I needed to show you that I was okay with every aspect of your self-discovery. That not only was it okay but it was damn exciting. That I share your enthusiasm and excitement for all of this. I was excited for you to be discovering yourself as a sexual being, not just someone's Mum. You also need to know that I find it as erotic as hell what you are doing and that it turns me on at least as much as it turns you on."
"That's all great, Sally, but I am your mother."
"Yes, you are my mum. I love that you are my mum and you have been the best, most giving, most honest mum I could ever ask for."
"Don't you see? That is what makes it wrong."
"It was a spontaneous moment and at that moment we weren't mother and daughter. We were two adult women, mutually attracted to each other who shared a very loving and very arousing moment. A moment that I will treasure for the rest of my life. I hope it can mean as much to you as it does to me. Whether or not it ever happens again isn't important. It was a moment that needed to be shared and I want, no I need you to understand that it was a beautiful moment between two women who love each other. Nothing more and certainly nothing less."
I sat there thinking about what she had said. She was right of course, she was far too smart to be wrong about something like this but I still felt uneasy about it.
"We can never discuss this with anyone, you know that right?"
"Of course, I do, Mum. I know that society frowns on it and I understand to a degree why they do but this was something that I don't feel fits into that equation. The law is there to prevent child abuse and also prevent genetic abnormalities from appearing in future generations. I am not a child, I was not coerced and we can produce no offspring. I see no issue with it."
Once again she was breaking down my fears and worries with cool, calm logic. I felt a weight lifting from me the more I thought about it. I finally turned to face her. I still had tears streaming down my face. I no doubt looked an absolute mess.
"Oh, Mum. Don't cry. You have nothing to stress over. It's just been a huge day for both of us."
She wrapped her arms around me.
"I love you so much, Mum."
"I love you too, Sally."
She gave an extra tight squeeze and then held me at arm's length.
"Now, go have a shower. Your face is all blotchy and all I can smell is cum and it's driving me crazy."
I laughed and she stood up, letting go of me. I followed suit and as I turned to walk out of my room to the bathroom she smacked me on the bare bum. It sent a shock through me and I leapt in surprise as well as letting out a surprised yelp.
"Go on, scoot."
She called after me as she giggled at my reaction. She couldn't have known that the spank started those damn tingles all over again.
Chapter Eleven.
I put on another dress after my shower. As much as I would have loved to have been naked again I just didn't think it would be right.
I went looking for Sally afterwards and found her back in the office looking at videos again.
"You know, Mum, as much as I didn't ask the tech guys to put a camera inside the cube I'm beginning to think that that may be the more interesting story."
"Oh, yeah?"
"Yeah, I mean, I have just had a look through some of the other people's recordings and you would be surprised at the way people behave when they think they can't be seen."
After my own experience, I doubted that anything would shock me at this point.
"Was I the worst? Did anyone else... Well, did anyone else do anything, ahh, that extreme?"
Sally looked at me with a grin.
"Enough to make a highlight reel if I'm being honest. I mean, you know that Luke did don't you?"
"Well, yeah, that was kind of what sent me over the edge after all."
"I was wondering about that. How did you know?"
"I could smell it for a start. It may have been a while for me but you don't forget what cum smells like."
Sally smiled and then chuckled.
"Yeah, I thought that was what I could smell in there when I got in, but then, I could smell yours too and I knew straight away what that was. It was too much like my own to not know."
I could feel myself blushing again.
"So to answer your question, Mum, yes. Astoundingly, almost everyone in some way or another. Some just seemed to pick up on the pheromones in there and were fidgety. Some were more physical about it but not just letting it all go. Some though, well, let's just say that you and Luke weren't the only ones that really let go in there."
Once again the tingles were returning. I wanted to see how many people were willing to let it all go as Luke and I had. Apparently, I was a voyeur as much as I was an exhibitionist. I wanted to see it all, I just wasn't sure if I could deal with the fallout of that right now. I was so tired emotionally, I didn't think I could take it.
Sally seemed to be reading my mind again.
"I think the best thing for me to do is begin editing this and I can make a copy just for you if you like."
She knew I wanted one, she just wanted to hear me say it.
"Would that be alright? I don't want it to be a conflict for you."
"Who's going to know? I'm certainly not going to tell anyone."
I grinned as I thought about all the mischief people had gotten up to in the cube.
"You know, that cube is almost like a magic portal in some ways."
Sally furrowed her brow as she focused on me instead of the screen.
"How so?"
"Well, it kind of transports people to a space where they are free of almost all constraints. There is no real conscience involved in their actions. They feel free to behave however they want. There is little to no fear of being caught or having their behaviour questioned so it creates a vacuum of sorts. Some people realise that there will be no consequences to their behaviour so long as it doesn't extend beyond the walls of the cube so they push the limits of how they would behave if those societal rules didn't exist. If it was for an extended period, those behaviours would ease off somewhat as they lost their initial excitement value. I find it very interesting and it would be interesting to see if those behaviours would be different if the parameters changed. Say for example the cube was bigger or other things were in the cube. How would those behaviours change if another person was introduced, would it be different if the people knew each other prior. There are lots of different things you could add or subtract to see what the results would be. It would be fascinating to extend the experiment. You could potentially create a new society if you wanted to."
Sally was watching me fascinated as I rambled on. Then when I finished my thoughts she smiled and shook her head.
"You know what, Mum? I think you just wrote my final report for this. A big chunk of it anyway. That's exactly what I have had floating in my mind. Initially, this was about the way people behaved towards art in a public place but it has become more than that. It has become more about the behaviour of the art in a sense."
Sally opened a word document and began typing almost word for word what I had just said before she forgot any of it. Pretty quickly I realised she was now lost in what she was writing and so focused on it that everything else had ceased to exist. I smiled to myself as I backed quietly out of the room and left her to it. I knew from experience that she probably wouldn't surface again for a few hours.
I made myself a cup of tea and went outside to sit in the last hour or so of sunshine that the day had to offer before it went down past the neighbour's roofline. It would still be daylight for hours after that but I wanted to feel the rays kiss my skin again before it did.
I pulled up the deck chair I had on the paved area. There was only one window where any neighbours could see me and as those neighbours were away at the moment I might as well be on a deserted island. I stripped my dress off and lay back in the chair enjoying my cuppa and the warmth of the sun on my skin.
Before I knew it, Sally was shaking me gently by the shoulder. I looked around and the sun was well past the neighbour's roof. I was mildly disoriented as I looked around trying to adjust to the fact that I had somehow skipped two hours of the afternoon.
"Are you okay, Mum?"
"Hmm, yeah, I must have fallen asleep."
Sally giggled as she nodded.
"Yeah, you could say that."
"Sorry, Sally, I was going to cook dinner tonight but it's probably a bit late to start cooking now."
"I started ages ago, Mum. I saw the ingredients there so I started making it myself. I decided to let you snooze."
"That's good of you. Thanks for doing that."
I was still feeling a bit groggy and disoriented. I suspect the wine on top of falling asleep in the afternoon was contributing to it. I followed Sally back inside and sat on the stool and watched as she got the dinner ready. It felt strange to be waited on in my own home. Not that Sally never made dinner when she was living here but it had been quite a while now since she had lived here and you tend to get into a routine when you live on your own.
After dinner, Sally and I went back outside and sat there enjoying the evening air.
"Do you get nervous that someone is going to see you, Mum?"
I looked around at the neighbour's houses and pointed to the only one with a view.
"That window up there is the only one that can see into the yard. It's their spare bedroom so they rarely go in there. Besides, I happen to know that they are away for a while as they asked me to keep an eye on the place."
I smiled to myself as I remembered the show I had put on for Ian, albeit somewhat unintentionally. Perhaps when they come home I might just forget that I can be seen from that window and spend a little more naked time in the yard. I felt a tingle go through me at the thought.
"So none of the other neighbours can see into the yard? What about that window over there?"
She pointed to the house behind us and the only window on that side of the house. It's a small frosted window and I had never seen it open once in the entire time I had lived here which was the majority of Sally's life.
"That's their bathroom window, as you know. It's frosted glass and I have never seen it open, have you? Probably doesn't open."
I could see her thinking then she stood up and walked down to the back of the yard. It wasn't far as it wasn't a large backyard. She looked around trying to see all the windows in the neighbourhood and confirmed what she had probably already known, there were not many houses in this neighbourhood that faced this way. She smiled and stripped her dress off. She was completely naked underneath it having not bothered with any underwear since having her shower. She strode back to me, blushing the whole time. She turned around and sat back down on her chair.
"You know, it is kind of nice and a bit exciting to sit outside completely naked isn't it."
"I certainly enjoy it. If I am being totally honest with you though, I kind of like the fact that somebody might see me out here. It's exciting."
Sally thought about it for a few moments then looked over to me.
"What would you do if it got a negative response though?"
"I guess it would depend on what it was and who it was."
"Well, what if Ian and his wife come over and say something about it."
I grinned remembering Ian's response to my pizza delivery outfit.
"I would remind Ian that he had seen it all before and ask why it was a problem now?"
Sally looked shocked. I realised that her mind had jumped to a different conclusion and I had to make sure she understood.
"Mum!"
"No no, nothing like that. I haven't had an affair with a married man ever. I was just playing a bit of a game and thought of revealing a bit to a pizza delivery driver. You know, kind of a self-dare type thing. Well, let's just say it didn't go to plan. It was Ian and not the driver knocking on the door, and then the driver turned up who turned out to be an older woman and not some young bloke and it all got quite awkward. It didn't stop Ian from taking a long thorough look though."
Sally burst out laughing.
"Oh god, Mum. That's hilarious."
I too began to laugh. Looking at it from someone else's perspective it is pretty comical.
"I am curious as to whether he told Cindy or not though. I do wonder what she would think. If someone came over and said I can't be naked in my backyard I would tell them to not spend their time looking into my yard. The only way anyone would see into here is if they were making a point of looking in here. I mean sure, there is a chance of someone seeing in accidentally but if it bothered them it wouldn't be that big a deal for them to not look over here."
Sally was still smiling at the thought of the accidental show I had put on for Ian.
"You don't mind if they look do you?"
"Sally, I want them to look. It excites the hell out of me. I haven't been this excited by anything since I first got married to your father. I miss him dearly but I have to get on with my life and knowing him the way I did I know he would be okay with me pursuing things that make me happy."
"For what it's worth, Mum, I support you doing this too. I might even do a little myself, it is pretty exciting. I just want you to be safe."
"Safe is best but it's not living either. You have to take some chances in life, Sally. I have done far too little of it over the years. I devoted every moment I could to you. I never wanted you to miss out on anything because your Dad wasn't here. I never regretted a moment of it and would do it all over again a hundred times but now it's time for me to live for me."
Sally had a tear in her eye as she smiled at me. She reached across and took my hand in hers.
"I am so proud of you, Mum."
"Thanks, Sally. That really does mean a lot to me."
We sat there for quite some time, hand in hand and lost in our thoughts.
"You know what would be cool here, Mum?"
"What's that?"
"A swimming pool. We could go skinny dipping whenever we wanted."
"It's funny you say that. I met a couple when I was out walking this morning. They are new in town and invited me over to their home for a swim in their pool."
"You should go, Mum. It's not like you have a huge group of friends here anymore."
I had friends but none that I would call really close. Certainly, none that I would be happy to share my new lifestyle with. All my friends revolved around work and Sally's friend's parents. It would be nice to have friends like Mary and Dean, people with no agenda other than friendship and mutual interests. The image of them both standing there naked popped into my mind and I felt that familiar tingle begin again.
I decided that I would make an effort to pursue that friendship. Starting tomorrow after Sally left for her home. It was supposed to be another warm day and what better excuse could there be than to go skinny dipping in their pool?
"I think I will give them a call tomorrow. Yeah, that would be nice."
"Good for you."
Chapter Twelve.
The following day was quite a bit calmer. We woke up late and spent most of the morning just sitting around home.
We had another picnic lunch down by the lake only today the talk was all about the thesis Sally was writing. It was nice to see her with a fire in her belly and I could tell she was itching to get back to writing.
"Sally?"
"Hmm?"
"Don't feel that you need to stay here and entertain me. I can see that you want to get going on this thesis. Why don't you head home early and make a start on it?"
"But I'm here to visit with you."
"And it has been wonderful. However, I can see you want to get going on this and I promise I won't be offended if you want to go. I understand the need to write while it's fresh and you're motivated."
Sally paused and was looking off towards the lake. I could see the inner turmoil though. I could tell that she really wanted to go but that she also felt bad about leaving me.
"Are you sure, Mum? I mean I would be leaving tonight anyway and the traffic is better at this time of day."
I chuckled at her attempt to ease her mind.
"Sally, you don't have to make excuses. Do you need me to tell you to go home?"
"No, I guess not. I just feel a bit guilty about it."
"Well don't. If it makes it easier for you, then here. Go home and write, Sally. I want to go visit my friends and I can't while you are here."
She laughed and shook her head.
"Okay, okay, I give in. I'll take you home and then I'll head off."
She added with a wink.
"Seeing as you don't want me here."
I laughed and gave her a smack on the butt.
"Cheeky shit."
"You know it."
We returned to my place and while sally was packing everything up I rang the number on the card Mary had given me the day before.
"Hello?"
"Hi, Mary. It's Sue. We met yesterday morning on that lovely walking trail."
"Oh, hi, Sue. I was hoping you would call back. I was worried we had maybe scared you off."
I laughed and was surprised at how at ease I felt with Mary. I had never felt this at ease with any friends so early on. Kindred spirits indeed.
"God, no. Quite the opposite. I was wondering if the offer of a swim in your pool was still on the table?"
"Of course it is. I do have a few stipulations though."
"Oh, really."
"Mmm, yes I'm afraid it's quite important too."
I could already hear the smile in her voice.
"Oh, dear. That does sound serious. What could it be?"
"The first is that you simply must agree to have dinner with us."
"Well, I suppose I could make that happen but only if you agree that I can bring some wine for us to share with it."
"If you insist."
"And the other stipulation?"
"Yes, a much more serious one that there can be no quibbling about. You simply must come here dressed in the same outfit that you left the walking trail in."
"Hmm. Well, only because you insist. I assume there is somewhere off the street to park when I arrive. I don't wish to be arrested after all."
"Heaven forbid. Of course, there is. Just drive up the driveway to the end and you will be both sheltered and fine."
"I'm excited already. What time would you like me there?"
"As soon as you are ready, Sue. We have no plans for the rest of the afternoon."
"Excellent. I'll see you in about half an hour then."
"I'm looking forward to it."
I actually giggled with excitement as I hung up the phone. Sally came out carrying her backpack with its laptop, camera, and other random odds and ends she had brought with her. I gave her a big hug.
"I'm so glad we had this weekend, Sally. Everything about it was just what I needed. Thank you for being so understanding of what I am going through."
"I needed it too, Mum. This has cleared my mind about a lot of things that I didn't even know were on it. You have been such an enormous help with my art too. I simply can't thank you enough."
"Asking me to be a part of it was more thanks than I could ever want or need, Sally. It has been an honour."
"I love you, Mum, and I am proud of you."
"I am proud of you too, Sally."
I walked with her out to the car and stood watching as she got ready to leave. She started the car, then to my surprise, began unbuttoning the dress she was wearing. She shrugged out of the top half of it leaving her breasts free and on display. She wound down the window and gave me a cheeky grin.
"Just thought I would see how far I get before I freak out and have to cover up again."
I laughed as she blushed.
"I have corrupted you."
"Maybe, but I like it."
She smiled and shifted the car into reverse. I waved as she disappeared down the road and wondered how far she would make it.
I returned to the house, picked up the bottle of wine I had chosen along with the keys and walked into the garage, locking the house as I went. I stood there with the garage door open and stripped out of my dress. I folded it neatly and placed it on the passenger seat along with the bottle of wine then stood up and stretched, giving any onlookers one last chance at a glimpse, then I hopped into the car and drove off down the road, completely naked and excited about my next adventure.