He saw the brown-haired girl sitting at the front. She was the only girl in the room wearing shorts, and her legs were perfect. Her skin appeared so soft and smooth that he found himself unable to tear his eyes away from the long shining limbs of perfection. She had on a blue sweater above it, a sweater with a gold zipper drawing a beeline to her bright red lips. He wondered what it would be like to kiss those bright red lips, gaze into those shining blue eyes, stroke those legs, caress that delightfully slim waist.
She was the last in the circle of food bank volunteers, and it was her turn to introduce herself at the orientation meeting. "My name is Jen," she said in a sweet, sincere voice, "and I'm a senior at Connolly High. I'm here 'cause I want to help those less well off than me. Also my school has a community service requirement to graduate...". He didn't pay as much attention to her actual words, listening more to the sound of her voice, quivering with the nervousness that comes from addressing a group of two dozen strangers, but it charmed him with its cuteness. She was such a sweet little thing.
He himself had told his particulars to the group a few minutes before; his name was Mark, he was thirty-nine years old, unmarried, had volunteered at the food bank because he felt it was his civic duty. Actually he was there because he couldn't endure the empty silences in his apartment, but that didn't seem like a good thing to tell everyone.
Jen finished and sat down. The group leader started to drone on, but Mark was no longer listening. He was thinking of the beautiful girl opposite him, her simple, yet tantalizing shape and demeanor. She looked so precious, and yet so luscious. He wanted to pinch her cheek. Or kiss her cheek. Or kiss her lips.
His mind began to wonder. He imagined her lips melting against his, his tongue probing greedily into her mouth. He thought of her chest pressed against his, her breathing starting to quicken. He wondered what it would be like to lower the zipper of those jeans, to see her waist wiggle as it slid off.
I want her, Mark thought. I want to see what she looks like naked, lick my chops at her perfect pussy, stick my dick deep inside her and shoot off my load. She can't be more than eighteen years old. Dammit! What could she see in a man like me, twice her age?
That night Mark couldn't get Jen out of his mind. He lay in bed, thinking about those legs, those sinuous legs, those legs that seemed to be made from a material that transcended the world and took him somewhere far away. His penis hardened into erection, oozing precum, by the sheer power of the memory of her face, her body. The way she stood, the way her legs shone in the light as everyone had walked to the parking lot on the way out. He lay there, his penis jerking, until he could endure no more, and masturbated himself to climax, wishing all the while that it was her hand on his penis instead of his own.
"We'll put you in teams of two; one for each set of boxes, ok? Taylor, you go with James. Steve, you're with Penny. Jen, you'll sort with Mark."
"Jen, you'll sort with Mark!" Mark nearly jumped out of his chair. For an entire afternoon he would be sorting donated food across the table from a girl whose image he had masturbated to every night for a week.
He was actually trembling when he got to his spot, but Jen wasn't there. Typical, she probably wants to hang with some handsome guy instead of me, he thought gloomily. With a sigh, he set about the work of sorting the huge pile of cans, jars, and boxes all by himself.
Then he felt a tap on his shoulder.
"Hi Mark!"
There she was, the bright red lips, the pretty blue eyes, the smooth long brown hair. She was smiling at him. She was quite short, several inches shorter than he, but he still felt very small in her sensuous presence. He could only gape, not just at her, but at her outfit. She had on a plain white top and a very short skirt. Connolly High School, it said in bright red letters. "Sorry I'm late," he could hear her saying, "but I had to go to cheerleading practice after school." He nodded, gesturing towards the cans, "R-right over there...you can do th-that side" he sputtered. She giggled and got to work.
Mark could feel his heart racing. Years before, when he had been in high school, his dreams had been filled with the image of cheerleaders with their warm smiles and flitting short skirts. He remembered how they would jump up, often showing their panties, at the victories of the football team. Mark had not been on the football team. He was captain of the debating team, and had won prizes at math contests, but cheerleaders never went to that kind of event. He had always longed for the touch of their soft nubile bodies...
"So tell me about yourself, Mark!"
She was talking to him! He stared back at her, never hard to do with a pretty teenager in a cheerleader's uniform. He tried to look into her eyes as he answered, but some mystical force sent his eyes back down to her bare, smooth legs.
"I'm...I'm an eng-engineer."
"An engineer? That's so cool! You must be really smart!"
He blushed.
"So what kind of engineering do you do?"
"Um...I...um...well...I do dig...digital imaging. Scanners and graphics and stuff." He had given entire presentations on this topic elsewhere, but with this little girl it was all he could do to blurt out a sentence. She grinned at him, almost as if to reassure.
"So you're like, into photography and stuff like that?"
"Y-yes. I do a lot of that work...I have a portfolio, in fact."
"You do? I'd LOVE to see it sometime! I LOVE photography!"
"Th-that's great!"
"Do you think you could give me some tips?"
This...this sweet little delight was interested in him? Nonsense, he thought, you're just a mentor figure to her. She's probably thinking of you just like one of her teachers at school. At that thought, he couldn't help looking at her shapely legs again, and wished with all his heart that he was a teacher, and could spend half his day looking at pretty girls.
She continued chatting with him as they sorted, and gradually he trembled less, relaxed, and grew more comfortable. She had such a sweet smile, and a delightful, almost angelic face. His eyes roved over her body constantly as they talked and sorted. Seeing that short little skirt, barely covering her underpants, he wondered at what delights lay underneath. What would it be like to lift that skirt up, to pull those panties down, to fondle the ass and pussy that lay hidden inside it?
On the way home after the work was done, Mark's mind was filled with thoughts of that luscious teenage body. Have to get her out of my head, he thought, and pulled out his phone. His bookmark collection had all the right links. One web site was headlined by a brown-haired girl, with a caption brashly saying, "SPURT YOUR JISM IN MY MOUTH!" She looked a little like Jen, though not quite as pretty. He scrolled through the site. There were the usual pictures of naked women, women spreading their vagina lips wide, women's mouths hovering over a penis, women's lips touching another woman's lips. He thought of Jen doing all those things, and the telltale bulge began to surge in his pants.
"Hi Mark!"
He looked down. It was JEN! He turned beet red, teeth actually chattering. She had caught him looking at porn! Surely she'll think I'm a pervert now. He gingerly started to put the phone away, but she was all smiles. "You don't have to put it away."
"I'm sorry...I...what?"
"I love those sites! In fact, can I tell you a secret?"
"Okay."
"Let me whisper it in your ear."
He bent down and her lips grazed his ear. He felt a tingle run through him as he felt her breath, but that paled into comparison to what he felt next. "I want to have my own web site like that!"
Mark's jaw dropped and he stared at her, no longer attempting to hide the lust in his eyes. She grinned impishly. "When you said you were into photography, I even hoped if you might take some pictures of me!"
His eyes widened. He could not seem to get any words out.
Finally, as if in a dream, he heard his mouth uttering the words..."I would be glad to...you must come to my studio sometime."
"Okay." She smiled. "Where is it?"
"Um...the corner of Gilmore and Anderson."
"Okay," she said. "Could we make it this Saturday?"
This Saturday. Five days! "S-sure. What, um, what time do you think-"
"How about three?"
"Three, three...yes, of course. Three's fine."
"So we'll see you then!" She started to head out, but turned around and called out, "Enjoy your sites!" with a wicked, knowing grin. Mark felt his face turning red, but he also felt his erection rising.
The next five days seemed to last forever. At night, lying in bed, Mark let his imagination run wild, dreaming of Jen's seductive body, fantasizing about having her, drinking in her lush youthfulness. Every night the picture of Jen drove his dick to throbbing ecstasy, and every night he exploded into his hands and sheets, wishing only that it was her soft flesh that was receiving his cum.
Three o'clock on Saturday came. Mark had already been there over two hours, straightening everything out, making everything as spotless and organized as it had ever been. I'm still trying to impress the girls, he thought, still, at my age. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. Jen! He rushed upstairs.
There she was in front of the door. She was wearing a white halter top and a white skirt, a very short skirt that seemed to cover very little. He gaped at her navel, round and inviting. He gawked at her curvaceous waist, which seemed almost designed to lock his eyes onto them like a homing beacon.
Wordless, he motioned her inside, and down the stairs to the studio. She playfully danced down them as he trudged behind her, almost like a priest following his goddess. She was such a pretty, cheerful girl!
He got out his camera, and they went to work. As a model, she was a photographer's dream; eager to perform, thinking of the next pose almost as soon as the shutter clicked, hardly needing any prompting or correction.
Jen standing in front of one of his backgrounds, grinning. Snap. She puts her leg on a stool, giving the camera a straight view of her panties. Snap. Teasingly, she begins to lift her skirt up. Snap. She starts to slide out of her uniform. Snap.
And then she was standing there in her underwear, and Mark's cock was as hard as a rock. He had never in his life seen a pretty teenage girl wearing so little. He stared at her, her delightfully curved waist, the luscious breasts under her bra, the inviting V-shape of her panties. She looked at the wet spot on his crotch and giggled. "You know what they say," she said, "when you've got the asses, show the masses!" She turned around and bent over, flaunting her half-covered ass in his face.
He took a picture of that, and many other things. She lay down coyly, leering at the camera. She knelt on the floor, tugging at the underwear. She stood plainly, smiling, as her nearly nude image was recorded.
They had already taken dozens of shots, but she said, "Now comes the fun part."
"The-- fun part?"
"Yep." With a quick motion, she peeled off her underwear, and stood there, as naked as the day she was born. Mark's eyes bulged. Her pubic hair was also dark brown, straight and smooth, as fine as a lion's mane. He could see the small outline of her pussy lips, luring him into their delights.
"I want you to take pictures of me nude."
He stared. "Nude?"
"Yup. I'm gonna sell them on the Net. Lots of guys who visit my web site ask for nude pictures of me, and I figure that now that I'm eighteen, I can give them what they want, and make some money doing it."
Mark felt himself starting to shake. She knelt down and spread her legs wide, grinning at him. "Does this turn you on?" she asked. Embarrassed, he could only nod. "OK, then take pictures of me whenever you're turned on. Then I know the pic you're taking is really hot!"
Mark started to click more pictures. Jen on her knees, fingers pointing invitingly at her pussy. Jen playfully revealing her breasts, pulling up her shirt. Jen lying on her side, seductively, the curves of her body tantalizing Mark so much he found himself wiggling.
Seeing how uncomfortable he was, Jen said..."You know, Mark, I know you have a big hard-on. Why don't you unzip your pants so you can be more comfortable?" It felt like a dream. Mark's dick sprang out his zipper opening, pointing straight at Jen, visibly wet on its end.
She looked at it, wonderingly. She found that looking at it to be a quick and simple way of gauging the effectiveness of her poses. She wanted to use the power of her body, wanted Mark and men like him to hunger for her, desire for her, long to ravish and take her nubile form.
For Mark, the evening seemed like a dream. It was a dream, a fantasy, a pretty naked teenage girl dancing and prancing around in the most provocative poses she could think of. Visions of her luscious breasts, her silken thighs, her glistening pubic hair, her shimmeringly curved body blurred his vision and fogged his brain, so much so that he could scarcely now tell the difference between fantasy and reality.
Was that really her? Jen, the teenage hottie, saying that he deserved a reward for his work? Was that her hand touching his cock, fumbling at his pants, letting in a rush of air on his now naked skin? No, surely this isn't real, he thought, surely I'm not being pushed into my sofa, surely Jen is not kneeling before me, mouth moving towards my dick. But it was real. She was really there. She brought her mouth closer to the head of his penis and kissed it quickly on its head.
A tingle of electricity surged through his body. He found himself sprawled on the couch, his cock as hard as a ramrod. He gazed down at Jen's angelic face. She looked up at him and smiled, a sweet, innocent smile that excited him so much that he squirmed, his dick slapping against her cheeks. Laughing, she opened her mouth wide, impossibly wide. He saw it envelop his penis, felt the wet moisture of her breath on him.
A beautiful eighteen-year-old is sucking my cock, seared the thought into his brain. He felt the softness of her tongue massage his underside. He felt her go down, licking over his balls, nibbling on his inner thighs, teasing his groin, then swirling her tongue around the head of his cock again. He was moaning loudly now, feeling his body teased almost to the breaking point.
He looked down again and nearly fainted. There she was, her lovely mouth taking his cock all the way inside. "I'm gonna cum," he said, but in response she only quickened the pace of her sucking. He felt wild abandon as his orgasm pulsed, flooding her young mouth. "Oh god, oh god oh god oh god," he nearly screamed. His entire body was spent, and he was heaving.
Jen rose to her feet, her eyes twinkling, her body naked as a jaybird. He looked again at her perfect breasts, her inviting pubic hair, the rhythmic curves of her nubile body. She looked at him straight in the face and ostentatiously swallowed. Mark's eyes widened in their sockets. She grinned, then turned around, wiggling her butt invitingly at him as she walked over to the mattress.
She flopped down onto it and spread her legs open wide. Mark got up, advancing towards her, wanting to take that young body, wanting to ravish it, possess it, luxuriate in its youth and splendor and beauty. He looked at her beautiful pussy, saw the moisture on it glistening in the light, and felt his heart race. He saw her clit strutting between her lips proudly, confident in itself, standing at attention in the wonder that was her nudity. Then she said the words he longed to hear:
"Take me."
Mark didn't need to be told twice. She was his, a naked teenage girl, to fuck and suck and lick as he pleased. He felt the fire within him stir at the sight of her legs, spread open invitingly, tantalizing him with her fruits. He jumped onto her body, hands grasping, groping, his lips tearing into her, his breath hard on hers, his penis stabbing into her body. "Give it to me! Give me your dick!" she screamed. He almost crushed her with his weight, feeling his own body writhe and squirm as the wild passion coursed through him.
He swung back his hips and rammed his cock inside her, thrusting, hard, like a maniac, filled with lust, consumed with desire for that juicy young teenage flesh. I'm going to have her, he thought, I'm really going to have her. He fucked her as hard as he could, jolting his body into hers with all the force he could muster. Her face was writhed in desire, her eyes were rolling, her voice was moaning. He could feel the wetness of her pussy juices on his loins, the pressure of her pussy squeezing his cock.
"Yes...YES..." she screamed out as he felt her body tighten, shake, and vibrate into orgasm. The pressure of her pussy lips on his ramrod made him explode in a shattering climax of his own. His juice flooded into her, creaming her insides, exhausting both of them with the sheer force and verve of its impact.
There they lay on the floor together, their bodies tingling, their minds racing. Mark still could hardly believe this was happening, all the more so when he felt the touch of Jen's lips on his. It was a sweet, slow, soft kiss, the kind of kiss that can put a perfect finishing touch to a day of sheerest magic. He held her tightly against him, feeling her breasts on his chest and her ass in his hand.
"You know, you're a really cool guy,? Jen said softly. "I've thought of asking other guys to do my photos, but I've never felt comfortable with anyone like I do with you."
"I have never in my life met a girl like you before."
"I'm gonna need lots of pictures for my site, videos too. I could come over every week after the food bank and we could take some more? Would that be ok?"
Mark's eyes widened.
"I can't pay you though...at least...not with money," she said slyly. He looked again, up and down, at her shapely figure and sighed.
"I look forward to it."