How much we were looking forward to our well-deserved vacation. A few days to relax, let the soul dangle. We could hardly believe our luck when we got a room in a cheap pension. The sun was already caressing us when we arrived. You could smell the sea from far away. So much so that I could taste the sea salt on my tongue.
We could hardly wait to put our luggage in the pension. Sweaty from the car ride, we wanted nothing more than to go straight to the beach and cool off. Full of anticipation, we jumped into the car and were already craving sand on our bare skin.
Arriving at the nudist beach, we quickly undressed right away. I took off my white, slightly transparent thin fabric dress.
Since I decided against underwear, the sun was already burning over my bare chest and a gentle breeze caressed my nipples, whereupon they became slightly hard. He looked at my nipples and I immediately recognized the greedy look and desire for me. I noticed how his chest glistened slightly with sweat and the mere sight of my naked counterpart excited me. Then I remembered the surroundings. We were, after all, just on the beach surrounded by people, some of whom were already looking at us.
Of course, the average age at the nudist beach was much older, but we did not mind. We loved the freedom of completely naked skin. The casual relaxing without worrying about sand in our bikini panties or swim trunks. Before we could be surveyed further, we decided to go into the water. The first steps were terribly cold - it had been late summer after all - and with each step my nipples got harder. We went into the water up to our bellybuttons and kissed, caressed each other. It was so cold and at the same time so refreshing, after this forever long car ride. I looked into his eyes, I was so in love with this person. I wanted to eat him up right then and there. But the cold waves were crashing against our hips and we decided to take a quick dip and then go back to the beach.
There we were - naked, drops of water beading off our bodies and the late summer sun burning on my porcelain skin. Immediately he seized the opportunity and offered to cream me. Such an innocent process from the outside - such an intimate and arousing moment for us. We loved to be observed. We were already attracting the first glances. His hands made me moan, because the strong and at the same time gentle movements were more like a soothing massage than a rubbing with suntan lotion. He sat on my ass and I felt how with each shallow moan something grew more and more and bumped against me. I was getting so wet and trying not to let it show - we were in the middle of a lot of people - and yet all we wanted to do was sunbathe. But really, what I wanted was for him to gently slide his cock inside me with the next movement forward to my shoulders. Gently and unobtrusively. Unfortunately, someone to our immediate right saw how stiff he already was and couldn't take his eyes off us from then on.
Therefore, he just continued to massage my back, I moaned and the glances from the right became more and more tangible.
When I was finally finished creamed, we leaned towards each other and stroked, kissed. His hard cock did not want to flatten at all and excited me more and more. I wanted so much to sit down on him immediately and ride him so wildly until he could not help but shoot into me with full force.
But unfortunately that did not work - I could not take my mouth either, although I would like to taste him so much. But that would have caused probably too much sensation to the right. So I decided to stroke his wonderful plump cock with my hand first and then grab him tighter and tighter and move my forearm up to us and down again as inconspicuously as possible. He moaned briefly and looked at me.
He knew immediately what I wanted. I lay closer to him and continued to move my forearm up and down, looking deep into his eyes - surrounded by people. His cock pulsed and grew with every movement. The sun had already dried me, but down below I was wetter than I should have been in this situation. The looks, the people, his cock in my hand, the situation, everything excited me immensely. You could already see on my inner thighs how wet I was. I wanted him so much, my gaze devoured him. From sheer horniness, he squirted between us on the beach towel, while he looked at me so lustfully that I became so incredibly horny and wet. His sperm excites me immensely every time, no matter where he squirts it.
Immediately he reacted to my lustful look and finally slid between my legs. My hips were already trembling at the mere feeling of his hand. With every inch he came closer, my horniness only grew and suddenly I felt his fingers on my clit. I wanted to cry out and moan loudly, denying it and being still only made it more extreme. He pressed and applied over it, getting a little firmer in pressure with each slide - just the way I love it. He looked me in the eye and I literally exploded inside. My orgasm was so electrifying that any glance at our beach towel neighbors would have made me look guilty. I kissed him to give my eyes a reason to stay closed and we hugged.
I don't know who all caught it, but no one seemed to be bothered by our little play. We stayed a little longer and sunbathed innocently until the sun went down.
A wonderful first day at the beach I thought as I pulled my beach dress over my breasts. Now we can continue playing in the pension...