Good neighbours introduced me to Literotica, it's been a useful source of inspiration. As a way of saying thank you I have become a member and collated one of our own stories for you. We do hope that you find it enjoyable.
*
I'd pulled up the weeds, trimmed the bushes, clipped the hedges and was relaxing in the garden with a book resting on my bosom and a well earned cup of tea at my side. A lens caught the sunlight in the attic of the house opposite. The sun was low but not that low and the reflections were quite distinct. The Cleggs.
She's a bossy boots but he seemed nice enough. I saw them twice a year, at the Johnson's Christmas party and at the brownies Summer Fete, which was odd because neither of us had any children. Well it's a good cause and I'm the wicked witch who bakes the brownies. God, unlike my brownies, that joke had become a little stale over the years, I mused.
What was Ted Clegg up to. He was still there. Still watching and there was nothing at all to see. Out of curiosity I went indoors and sneaked a peek from the back bedroom. No one was in either of my neighbours gardens. Next door but one, up the hill, Jack was sat at the door of his cabin drinking tea but Ted could not possibly see him screened by the high hedge as he was. Down the hill a rabble of kids were playing football which explained why the gardens of my immediate neighbours were empty. Teatime, fairy cakes beckoned and I forgot all about Ted.
Well I did not forget Ted entirely. Two days later he was there again and on the following Monday too. Still there was nothing to see, I checked discretely. All there was was me, Christine Walters, fat, fifty and widow of this parish. Ted was in his late twenties and that idea was just ridiculous. He had a beautiful if rather jealous wife and both of them had good jobs; well, well paid ones at least. She marketed whatever it was that her company sold and he made web sites from home.
That was where the brownies came in. Brown Owl had cajoled him into maintaining their web site and jolly splendid it was too. The girls did the work but he kept all the balls in the air for them and provided continuity too.
I decided that on Wednesday we would see. I laughed at myself but I was intrigued, somewhat puzzled and more than a little curious. Something was most definitely not quite right. Wednesday afternoon was a dismal failure, it rained. Yes the garden needed the water but dash it all. Thursday was, however, sunny once more. So Thursday afternoon I baked and then went into the garden. That Thursday, however, I had, for the first time in fifteen years, donned stockings and suspenders rather than either tights or plain bare legs under my frumpy floral print 'gardening' frock.
I placed my tea on the little table as usual. I lounged on the folding green canvas sun-bed and unusually I dozed, or at least pretended to. As I twisted around in the hot sun I permitted the hem of my frock to ride higher and higher until my stocking tops and a little white thigh were in clear view. I peeked through my sun glasses and yes there was Ted and yes he was clearly watching me through his binoculars!
My poor husband had died some seven years previously and somehow I had never troubled myself to find a replacement. Despite fat and fifty odd I'd had offers, but my late husband's business was a lot stronger than he had been and I had a good income and few responsibilities. Men are fun but partners mean hassle
I had had lots of wonderful holidays and even a romantic affair or two. Treyn holidays were a wonderful and easy way to see the world. Then there were cruises and tours. Anyway there was no doubt about it, Ted Clegg was watching me sunbath through his binoculars.
This could be fun. I wondered just how far I could push the poor man. I wondered what his wife would think if she found out? It was naughty of me but at the start I was only motivated by simple curiosity bolstered with a little vanity.
Friday was another fine day. In the afternoon I did the shopping, prepared a casserole, slipped it in the oven and then, unusually, took a bath. Actually I took a shower and spent a long time sitting naked near the frosted glass window that faced Ted's house, reading a book. I wanted Ted to notice my pinkness.
After a half hour I donned my voluminous white, lace trimmed panties and my 36F (UK) underwired lace trimmed bra and took a trip to the wardrobe in the back bedroom to find an old white blouse. I'd placed it there that very morning for the specific purpose of finding it later.
There he was binoculars in hand. I turned my back to him, unclipped my bra, discarded it and pulled on the blouse, buttoning it as I turned to face the window, so Ted just missed a flash of my large soft milky breasts. If he was still there he was hanging back in the shadows. Still now he knew that under my blouse I was bare breasted. Next I clipped my suspenders on and made a good show of rolling on some stockings. I completed the outfit with a green skirt and descended to sunbathe.
There were the binoculars glinting and glittering in the afternoon sun. If his wife caught him he'd be dead. Of course as I read my novel my skirt rode up my thighs again until he could see quite a bit more flesh than last time and a couple of buttons on my blouse popped open. I should have been outraged but actually I was flattered and amused, perhaps even a touch sorry for the poor soul. As I lay there, aware of his gaze, for the first time in a couple of years I felt a definite gooeyness in my loins. I was getting moist between my legs and it was delicious when I squeezed my fat thighs together. It was then that my curiosity descended to wickedness as I started to plot and plan.
I didn't really use the back bedroom. I had both a master bedroom and a larger guest room as well as an attic for storing things. Still it was a good sized room with a single bed in one corner and a wardrobe in the opposite corner near the window. I humped a small set of drawers down from the loft and placed them in the middle of the room at the foot of the bed then waited patiently for my package to arrive.
Meanwhile I took to wearing stockings and suspenders most of the time and even purchased some shorter skirts, bra's that were a little more cutaway than normal and some lower cut square necked blouses. Every sunny afternoon, after I had had my afternoon cup of tea, I went sunbathing and Ted was given his little show of plump white thigh and if he was lucky lots of cleavage.
At last my package arrived and I could up the ante. It was too heavy for me to manage on my own, so I had to open it and carry up the individual parts. Once assembled it was my brand new exercise bike strategically placed in the window and angled so that I faced slightly into the room; well I must not stare at Ted. Finally I placed and old television on a stand where I could watch as I pedalled. I had to bribe the postie to lift that for me; he's susceptible to a bit of parkin and has never been know to refuse a second slice whenever it was put on offer.
That afternoon was, fortunately, sunny so Ted was treated to the gala of my new performance. First I grabbed his attention by gardening in my new red culottes. They were long enough to hide the fattest part of my thighs but short enough to show off plenty of leg. Also I do do quite a lot of walking and, despite my size, my calves are still very firm with a well turned ankle. I set to work, kneeling down to weed the border that faced my house. Ted would have a sublime view of my well rounded bottom bobbling away as I dug, delved and uprooted.
Excellent: as I took the weeds up to the compost heap I caught the tell tale glint of sun on a lens in his attic. I made tea in the kitchen, keeping close to the widow so he could still see me. Then I popped up to the back bedroom where I discarded my blouse and culottes on the bed and took to the exercise bike in just my bra and a pair of voluminous red knickers.
I pedalled away for a few minutes. Then dismounted and sashayed over to the television making my hips and boobs wobble ostentatiously. If you like big women, and I guess Ted must have, my performance was voluptuousness itself. I returned to the bike and recommenced pedalling which caused my heaving bosoms to develop a life quite of their own.
What Ted could not see was the small mirror that I had carefully positioned in the shadows, on the drawers. I could see his reflection but it was too dark for him to see mine. Periodically I checked to make sure he was still there and I was not disappointed.
After fifteen minutes I was quite puffed and more than a little sweaty. I clambered off the saddle and exited the room, tossing my bra and knickers over the handle bars of the bike as I left. So now Ted knew that I was stark naked but had not yet seen me bare. I went to the bathroom to shower making sure that Ted could keep glimpsing my blurred pinkness through the pattern of the window. All the attention Ted had paid me made the second part of my plan far simpler, his voyeurism was making me all squidgy; a closet exhibitionist I mused as I showered.
After towelling myself dry almost everywhere, I needed one little strip to be nice and moist, I re-exhibited my nude pink form in the frosting of the glass. Once I had given Ted time to realise that my ablutions were completed I draped a towel over my shoulders so that it just covered my stiff pink nipples. I returned to the bedroom and strutted to the back in the shadows. There I threw the towel over the bike. In his desperate bid to see me in the nude Ted had grown careless. He was too close to the window and with one hand stuck down the front of his trousers he was quite oblivious to my reactions. To keep him occupied I tossed first my blouse and then my culottes from the bed onto the bike.
Now Ted knew that I could not quit the room without showing myself to him stark naked. All my clothes together with my towel were hanging from the bike where he could see them quite clearly. God was this making me wet and him stiff. His hand pumped in his trousers as I hid deep in the shadows. I prayed he could not see me as I lifted my video camera from the floor and caught a good ten seconds of him, binoculars to his eyes, stroking his pecker.
Time for package number two. I moved forwards to where I knew that Ted would at long last be able to catch a glimpse of my rock hard nipples and tightly crinkled brown areolae. I slid open the top drawer of the chest and removed my new silver vibrator, chosen simply for its size. It was huge, there was no way I was going to stick it inside of me. My eyes watered at the mere thought but it still sounded like a lot of fun when it was set going. I held it where Ted would be able to see what I had collected and lay on the bed. Poor Ted end of his show, I later sneaked out of the room by crawling out on all fours.
Well it might have been the end of his performance but it was just the start of mine. I had never tried a vibrator before, yes really! I'd only bought it to tease Ted but I was so randy my quimm was melting. I set the giant phallus going and was genuinely startled by the loudness of its buzzing but it was a detached house, the windows were closed and the door was shut. I felt my slit. It was slick with my own stickiness and just my own gentle touch cause me to gasp slightly. My fingers glistened with my own excitation.
I never knew. I never ever knew that sex could do that to you. I placed the buzzing shaft against my slot and guided it to my clitoris, more by instinct than by design. The power of those orgasms. They tore me apart. I was on fire. I was exploding. And those orgasms note. Not that orgasm. Oh no, those orgasms. They tore through my frame, wave after wave after wave of them. One racing to catch up with the next. I lay on my back and writhed and wriggled and cried and sighed and moaned and groaned and puffed and panted with their intensity. I rolled over onto my tummy and a different but equally pleasurable set of sensations coursed through me, wracking my whole body time and time again with powerful jolts of boundless pleasure. Finally my clitoris became so sensitive that I had to stop. I wept with frustration. I wanted more but I just could not take it.
Half an hour and a little doze later I could take it. I did take it. Not quite as good as that first time but still deeply and seemingly endlessly satisfying. Moreover, this time before the tingling in my clit became unbearable I was utterly spend.
When I had unwrapped my new toy and fitted those two huge C sized batteries I had wondered why such monsters. Now I knew, they would last a long time and they were going to need to. I had discovered my new best friend forever. Sadly that was not to be true. Unbeknown to me I was soon to discover the mains powered wand vibrator and... Well that really is another story.
So each afternoon, after I had done the gardening and drunk my cup of tea it was exercise and shower time, giving Ted a daily show. Sometimes I'd let him glimpse my nipples, sometimes not. Sometimes I would film him secretly, other times, well I soon had lots of footage. He had taken to wearing shorts and I had one sequence where he quite clearly came. That was priceless, sometimes for amusement I watched it on the television after the evening news. That made me feel so naughty that the only way I could get some sleep afterwards was to play with my new faithful friend.
As Summer drifted on I began to wonder if I could seduce the poor muppet. I formulated my new plan, yes me fat, fifty, Christine Walters cuddled up in bed with lean, mean, hansom, dashing, Ted Clegg. That would wipe the smile from the face of that stuck up bitch of his.
The brownie's Summer Fete had not gone well. It was my job to man, well woman, the cake stall. That overbearing bitch, Sandra Clegg, had tried to muscle in on my position. Well I had baked most of the bloody stuff whilst Mrs. poncy-woncy had made a dozen cup cakes and even smudged her icing. Then she wanted to charge a fortune for the poor soggy things and I was almost certain they came from a packet anyway.
I had a plan. One Sunday I took Mrs. High and Mighty a dozen cup cakes that I had made from scratch, all iced perfectly. I explained that it was a peace offering but also that I did have an ulterior motive. I needed to trim the high hedge that ran along part of our boundary, the hedge that enclosed my orchard. And, if they didn't object, tidy up some of the branches that spread from my apple trees, straddled the hedge, and then overhung their property. I forgot to mention to Mrs. Snotty that I was also going to attempt to seduce her husband.
She understood the significance of the cup cakes aright. Still that did not stop her form accepting them and sequestering them away. Then she only served rich tea biscuits with the coffee, not even a small slice of cake or an iced bun! I was glad I had baked a couple of extra cup cakes for myself. I explained that I would call a couple of afternoons that week, if that was alright with them? She and Ted agreed and they even gave me a key for the side gate so I was free to come and go without bothering them. Ted was most gallant; he would have served up the cup cakes if she had not stopped him.
I teased Ted mercilessly during that afternoon's brief visit. "Did he work in the attic I enquired?"
"Yes he did," a frown of puzzlement ruffled his brow.
"Was he a bird watcher?" I asked.
He glanced nervously at his wife before answering, "no. Why ever would you have thought that?"
"Oh I saw you in the garden the other day with your binoculars and wondered if you were a twitcher?" all conveyed in my sweetest, most sugary coated voice.
Ted choked on his tea. His wife thumped him on the back as he coughed and spluttered biscuit all over the place.
"Yes I've noticed the binoculars lying about the house," his wife contributed musingly.
"No," he recovered, "I though the new Super-jumbo Airbus was passing over and I wanted a good look at one. The brand new British Airways ones are resplendent with their navy bottoms and almost sensual broad curves," He had fixed his eye on me
"And was it?" I enquired politely.
His expression became smug. "No it was just an old RAF Hercules out on exercises."
OK we had established that we knew about one another now. "Don't the children disturb you with their everlasting game of football?"
"The children?"
"Can't you see them from the attic?"
"No. So that's what the racket is?" Well then, he could not see the kids; he always had been watching me. Just too late Ted also realised what he had just allowed to slip.
"Had he noticed the pussy that prowled my garden?"
"No but he would look forward to that pleasure. Was it a tortoise shell?"
"No plain old dark brown, but definitely a pedigree."
It was Ted who joked that he'd be pleased when I had finished the hedge. He told me, "I love to see a nice tidy bush."
We discussed a local wedding; it was the current gossip of the neighbourhood. The bride was decided upon but who would be the groom and who the best man was a matter of a great deal of ribald conjecture. Ted reported that they, whoever they were, were to have a huge white marquee on the lawn of the of the tennis club. He fixed me with a sudden stare and said, "I once went into a navy blue marquee mounted on the grass. It was surprisingly effective, refreshingly shady." Even better, in his opinion, than plain white. In her haste to ridicule such a preposterous notion his wife totally missed how he maintained unwavering eye contact with me throughout this little speech.
I made Ted wait till Wednesday before I commenced trimming the hedge. I wore an old grey skirt that was a little too short and a lot too tight for me now, a new pair voluminous navy blue knickers and a blouse secretly rigged to lose a button at a strategic moment. Monday it rained all day so no show that day. Still it gave me an excuse to visit the local John Lewis and, amongst other things, purchase ten pairs of white cotton knickers, or shorts as they liked to call them and a tub of navy blue dye.
By the time I retired to bed that night hanging up to dry were ten pairs of navy blue knickers each of which now sported a little lace trim around the legs and a neat blue bow at the front of the waist band.
Tuesday I made up for Monday's washout. I bought a new exercise step, well new to me. I spotted it a Charity Shop, it was perfect with adjustable feet things you could fit on. I made it good and high and placed it behind the bike. I also set up the video camera on an old tripod of Arther's and played with the remote control. Ted was in for his best show ever and I wanted to record the consequences.
Once I had done my twenty minutes of furious pedalling I cast off my bra and knickers and, as usual, disappeared in a manner that just prevented Ted from seeing anything more than he had already. Then I returned, naked and performed twenty step ups. For the very first time I gave Ted a clear view of my hairy bush.
He was standing further back today trying to keep out of sight. The attic, however, caught the afternoon sun and my view was far better than he could guess. Anyway he dropped his binoculars, he dropped his shorts and he jerked his tool furiously. I had him, he had not restrained himself even though he now knew that I knew. After he had spurted I did a little pirouette on my stage. When my back was to him a I bent forwards a little to give him a clear view of my well rounded rump. Then I faced the front once more and waggled the fingers of my left hand at him demurely, grinning all the while. My right hand was busy with a remote control which I hoped he had not noticed. What I was glad about was that he did not see me fall flat on my face a minute later when my poor aching calves finally cramped.
In the morning I simply went around to the Clegg's and trimmed the hedge. Truth to tell it was a job that needed doing badly, plainly they had neglected my poor hedge. Not people who looked after their bushes. After lunch it was time to start lopping the overhanging branches. Before I returned home I knocked on the back door and after a few minutes Ted came down.
"Oh, hello," he stammered sheepishly, "Um. Well it's you. Um. Nice to see you. Yes, um, very nice to see you."
Ted was good at 'um,' but he seemed flustered with the vastness of the rest of his vocabulary. It were as if he could not quite pick the right words from the overwhelming number that were available to him.
"Yes, it's me," I smiled but, maliciously, left a brief trailing pause. His feet fidgeted and he examined the ground around them studiously. "I don't suppose you have an extension ladder that I could borrow. I have one but it would be such a faff to lug it round."
"Yes there's two in the garage." Ted was visibly relived to have something normal to talk about. "I'll show you them if you like."
"I'm sure you will show me," I grinned. Poor Ted blushed and discovered that he had to scrutinise his feet once more. He was quite sweet when he blushed, he almost made me feel ashamed of myself for having conceived of my little plans for him.
True to his word alongside the antique two seater MG, the Morgan and the empty space that his wife's Jaguar must have occupied were two wooden ladders. "They look a little heavy," I gasped.
"I'll help you set them up. Least I can do," the fast foot shuffle and rapt interest in oil stains on the floor had resumed. Ted was definitely having trouble looking me in the eye. He was also having trouble with not staring at my tits and keeping his eyes away from my bare thighs.
"Oh silly me," I cried as the blouse button exploded. The tight blouse parted and Ted was afforded an excellent view of my not inconsiderable cleavage.
"Oh dear," he spluttered." Oh dear, oh dear. How... Um, how very unfortunate." For one so tongue tied he was surprisingly clear spoken.
"It's all right its only a stitch or two. And there's the button rolled over there." As I bent to retrieve the little blighter that all too tight skirt rode up and brought my big blue navy knickers to Ted's attention. I glance back through my legs and established that my little display had set him staring.
As I straightened up and tugged my skirt down he hummed, he heed, he hawed, he was delightfully incoherent. Time to pile the pressure on. "Once I'm done this afternoon you could slip round to my place. I've always plenty of tea and I woke up with the lark and made some éclairs. I'm a bit out of practise, they're rather long and fat but simply oozing with thick whipped cream."
I was seriously concerned that Ted was going to pee himself. Now his knees joined his feet in an almost convulsive dance. I was beginning to enjoy this. Ted's obvious mixture of unbridled enthusiasm and cringing embarrassment felt rather empowering.
"I need to go now," he blurted out. "But I'll see you after lunch Mrs. Walters. I'll help you with the ladders, just knock." At that he bolted. I grinned I had him. But what should I do with him? He was pathetically sweet and now wholly mine to command. Sex, I'd love to put one over on Mrs. Haughty Britches. But with Ted that would be too easy. Anyway the delights of copulation, pleasurable as they are, had nothing on my new best friend forever.
He was going to suck my nipples. I had always enjoyed it when Arthur, my late husband, had sucked my nipples. They were sensitive and this had always enhanced sex. Indeed I could not recall having had a single orgasm when Arthur had not been sucking my nipples as he pounded away. Needless to relate, oral sex had not been an orgasmic part of my sex life but I recalled fondly how it set my juices running so copiously.
He was going to be contrite. I... Well for me, his very patheticness was proving to be a huge turn on. I was going to control this outwardly successful man and unmask him for the cringing little wimp that he was. I imagined my sex being licked appreciatively by a much cowed Ted: I simply poured with lust at the very notion. This was going to be an afternoon to remember.
True to his word, Ted helped me, in fact he carried the ladders into position. As I ascended the ladders I was careful to make them wobble and Ted took virtually no persuading to volunteer to hold them steady for me. Well he could look up my skirt couldn't he!
"Nice view you have," I called down as I lopped off a particularly high branch. "Gosh you can see right into my kitchen and there's my exercise bike. Do you often stop to admire the view?"
"Sometimes," Ted admitted guardedly.
"Yes there's an excellent view in your garden, isn't there?"
Ted mopped his sweating brow with a big white hanky, "yes there is," he agreed.
I did about half and then declared that I would finish another day. We manhandled the ladders back to the garage and I told Ted, "give me about half an hour to freshen up and brew some tea and then pop round and join me in devouring an éclair."
"Um..."
"Ted I insist, you've been such a great help this afternoon when I expect you ought to have been busy with other things." He demurred but as I departed I called gaily, "don't be naughty, half an hour and don't be late."
I had a quick shower, changed into a mumsy floral print dress and added stockings and suspenders to my big blue knickers and low cut white bra. I brewed a pot of tea, put out a plate of éclairs and loaded a DVD into the player. Ted took a little longer. He too had changed. He wore a cream coloured suit, brown suede lace up shoes and smelt of aftershave.
"Come in, come inside," I enthused. "Please come into the sitting room and take a seat."
We sat. I offered the éclairs to Ted and took one myself. Then I did something that I used to use to drive my poor departed Arthur to distraction. I delicately nibbled the end off of my éclair and sucked and slurped the cream out from that monstrous confection. Ted's eyes were out on stalks, the magic worked on him just as well. I also allowed my dress to ride up my legs and kept my knees a little wider apart than decorum usually permitted.
It was only after we had drunk our tea and consumed our cakes that I looked Ted straight in the eye and told him, "now Teddy's been a bad boy. Hasn't he?"
"Has he?" he blustered but he blushed, he was nailed in the lie. And it was definitely a bluff because he had taken to examining his shoes again.
"Yes he has. Watch," I started the DVD. There was Ted practically naked from the waist down pounding his shaft, manically. Once I had captured him spurting thick white come the view zoomed out gradually until he was a man in a window across the back and I was pirouetting round, stark naked, stood on my exercise step. I did a little bow for the camera and turned back to face Ted once more. A that point I stopped the player.
"Is Teddy going to admit that he's a naughty boy then?"
"Sweet Jesus you filmed the whole thing?" That's. That must be illegal. That's outrageous, That's..."
"That's nothing to what Sandra is going to say when she sees it. And I think the police might view the first part as evidence." I interjected.
"Bloody Hell you can't show that to Sandra. She'd think I was a pervert or something!"
"But you are! Aren't you? You're a man who likes to watch fat old ladies wearing big navy blue knickers through his binoculars. Bet you'd like to see my knickers right now. Bet you've got a raging stiffy right at this very instant. You have, haven't you?" I bullied.
He mumbled, "yes," blushed and hung his head in shame. "How much do you want?" He pulled a wallet from his jacket.
"But I don't want money. I don't need money," my tone was hardening. "No I want you to be sorry for being such a depraved and disgusting wimp. I want you to become the contrite puppet who allows me to jerk his strings. Now," all sweetness once more, "we don't want to have to concern Sandra with this do we?"
"No," he cringed.
"So naughty Teddy is going to do just what he is told isn't he?"
"Yes."
"Yes auntie," I stressed.
"Yes Auntie Christine," he muttered weakly but clearly resigned to his fate and not, seemingly, exhibiting any symptoms of opposition to it.
"And you're going to be Auntie's little Teddy Bare, aren't you?"
He hesitated, puzzled, "yes Auntie Christine?"
"That's b - a - r - e, not b - e - a - r, so strip, right now!"
"What here, now, in your front room!" He was almost whining and shrank back in his chair.
"You watched me naked and you knew that I knew that you were watching me. So it's only fair that I get to see you in that exact same state."
He undressed slowly until he was stood in his tented underpants. "Those have to go too."
"But I'm all. You'll see my."
"I certainly will," I interrupted. "And you will remember to call me Auntie Christine or I'll dream up some dreadful task for you." He pulled down his underpants reluctantly but then tried to hide his groin with his hands, his knees pressed tightly together. Note, despite his shame and humiliation he had not lost his erection a fact whose significance did not escape my attention. Whilst his head might hate it his little John Thomas was enjoying itself.
"Hands on head I barked. Teddy Bare is not normally this coy about flashing his little winkle at me is he? Perhaps Teddy Bare would like to watch a certain DVD again to remind him.
"No Auntie Christine." Despite his blushes his rampant member bobbed up and down enthusiastically and a little of blob of clear fluid decorated the little slit at the end.
"That's better. Henceforth whenever Teddy Bare comes round to visit his Auntie Christine he undresses himself in the porch or in the utility room before he enters the main house. Is that clear?"
"Yes Auntie Christine," he mumbled to the floor. "Please Auntie Christine people might see!"
"Only if they peer at my house from attic windows with binoculars. Apart from that it rather well screened"
"Sorry auntie Christine. It won't happen ever again. I promise."
"Sorry too, Teddy Bare, but it's too late for that. In future you'll watch when and if I order you too."
"So Teddy do you want to see my knickers close up? Feast your eyes on my big navy knickers and my fat white thighs all framed by the tight straps of my suspenders?"
"Yes please Auntie Christine!" His contrition was replaced instantly with genuine enthusiasm.
"You may kneel in front of me and lift the hem of my frock. Do you like my old lady frock? Is that it? Do you get a kick out of watching old ladies. Does it give you a thrill? Does it send little shivers down your spine? It certainly makes you cock all stiff and knobbly, doesn't it? Or do you like staring at big bouncy breasts with rock hard nipples and fat wobbly bottoms."
Ted was transfixed by the sight of my knickers. "Do you want to stroke that big stiff cock of yours? Do you want to rub the loose flesh up and down that straining shaft? Do you want to expose and hide that purple knob at the end of your pole over and over again?"
He blushed again but replied, breathlessly, "yes please Auntie Christine. I've wanted to wank off. I, um mean, play with myself, whilst you watched for ever such a long time now. You seemed so sweet and innocent well apart from that gigantic vibrator."
"Well if you do exactly as you're told I will allow you to shed your seed especially for me before I send you home but for now you will have to wait." Poor, pathetic little man, he looked as if he might burst into tears at that news. Anyway I was good and juiced and I was going to have my pleasure first. "Let's go up to my bedroom."
Once there I allowed Teddy Bare to unzip my dress and help me from it. After that I had him unclip my bra and peel it away to allow my magnificent breasts to fall free. I permitted Teddy to kneel before me and worship them and then I sat on the edge of the bed and had him nuzzle his face between them. Finally, I told him to suck my nipples. It felt every bit as good as I recalled. I did and still do love to have my nipples sucked upon and now I had my perfect sucker.
After rather longer than I had intended I enquired teasingly, "does Teddy want to lick my crotch too?".
"Yes please Auntie Christine." now I was shocked. Instead of tugging my knickers to one side and licking my hairy slot he lapped at their gusset. It was nice but not at all what I wanted, I wanted to drizzle and drip with my own excitation.
"No Teddy Bare," I admonished. "I want my pussy itself licked. If you can't behave I will have to take my big blue knickers off and force your face into my sweet sex."
He pulled the strip of material to one side, grudgingly, and began to lap. I guided his probing tongue to my clitty first and made him deliver a good licking whilst I rolled and kneaded my own nipples. Once I was really wet, literally dripping in fact, I had him suck on the big puffy lips that normally covered my sex. This more teases than pleases but it makes my own sweet sexual nectar gush all the more. Finally I had him lick up all the sticky mess that had accumulated under my pumping sex. Did that turn me on! I wished that Arthur had found that little spot. I had Teddy sample those juices for far longer than I had envisaged at first which simply made me flow all the more copiously.
"Now, I'm sorry Teddy Bare but you're not sticking that dirty little stick of yours inside of me." I indicated his twitching cock that was bobbing up down so happily all by itself. "No I have a bigger and better one," and I opened the drawer of my bedside table and extracted my huge silver vibrator from it. I handed it to him, "you hold it right here." I slipped it under the gusset of my knickers and taught him just where and how to position it for maximum effect. "When I tell you to turn it on full, start to suck my nipples and only then place the vibrator where I showed you. Once in place just keep it there whilst rocking it ever so gently from side to side."
I had dreamt of this ever since that powerful shaft had blown the top of my head off that very first time. I could tweak and tug my own nipples true, I did, but it was not the same as having them sucked, licked and nibbled.
As I felt the suction on my left teat I drifted away on a cloud of bliss. When the vibrator hit my clit I was propelled from my little taste of heaven's portal to the very heart of that realm, far beyond those golden gaits. The sweet sensations emanating from my nipple were amplifying the already irresistible intensity of my climaxes. My thighs melted as orgasms raced through me. Apparently, I was quite vocal but I was oblivious to that, I just lay there and soaked up the bliss that started in my loins, crashed through my tender body and exploded atomically inside my head.
I could also stand my pleasure for longer when Teddy forced that all so powerful deliverer of delight inside my hungry crack. Oh and those sweet sensations radiating from my nipples. I came and I came and I came. Over and over, the next climax building before the pervious one had dissipated. All good things must end and, eventually, my clitoris became so sensitive that I had to stop Teddy Bare before I peed myself.
I clutched him too me and kissed him long and hard on the mouth. At first he seemed non-plussed by this more affectionate form of advance but he was soon responding in kind, rolling his thick tongue around mine. As we kissed his hands mauled my big breasts mercilessly. I squeezed his cock, just once and he had to break off to gasp as he sobbed in air, noisily.
"Does little Teddy Bare want to come?" I teased.
"Oh God yes Auntie Christine. Please Auntie Christine I think I've been good. I hope I've been good enough."
"Well you were good today but you have been very naughty recently so you'll have to do all the work yourself. Not yet," I barked, stopping him quickly.
"Oh no. Little Teddy Bare is going to yearn for his climax long before he is allowed to experience it. Little Teddy Bare is going to be desperate for his orgasm before he may have it. You only think that you are randy now. Wait!"
I was going to adapt a game I used to play with my late husband, Arthur. I had my little Teddy Bare lie on the bed on his back and straddled his face pushing my cloth covered crotch backwards, presenting it to his mouth. "Now my little Teddy Bare pull your foreskin right back with one hand and hold it there. Grab a breast with the other hand. Good, now each time I say 'stroke' you are to rub your foreskin all the way up and then all the way back down your aching member, quickly. Then you have to wait. If you so much as twitch before I say 'stroke' once more this happens." I nipped one of his nipples really hard between two finger nails. He squirmed under me as he emitted a muffled yelp of pain. "Hurts doesn't it?"
"Yes Auntie Christine," he choked out, a definite catch in his voice.
"Right we'll begin, oh when you do finally come you can jerk yourself off just as fast as you like. Stroke."
His hand glided up and down and he inhaled sharply through pursed lips.
"Stroke." Another gasp and I saw him only just succeed in suppressing a second involuntary stroke but I let him off. Now he knew the magnitude of his challenge.
"Stroke." well he thought he understood his challenge but I increased his difficulties by tickling his nipples with my finger nails. Pool lamb could not resist a second stroke and I pinched a nipple violently then said, "Stroke." The breath juddered in and out of him. "Teddy if you go so slowly again I'll pinch both nipples at once."
If you want to play this little game this is what you do in your head, 'stroke, one elephant, stroke, two elephants, stroke, three elephants,' etc., etc.. So your subject has to make one quick toss about once every second. When he has established a rhythm and shows no signs of giving himself a double stroke order "stroke, stroke, stroke," in quick succession till he's had to give himself five to ten rapid strokes. Now resume that slow rhythm. With practice you should get to pinch a nipple every time he restarts those well spaced strokes.
Now you keep repeating this over and over until he comes. If you're mean and you spot his balls being sucked into his body slow down the pace. Today I let him off. He managed about two hundred slow strokes, or three to four minutes. Then a giant gobbet of sticky white goo arced high in the air and, to my irritation, the smelly stuff splattered on my cheek. He would definitely pay for that.
He rubbed at his shaft frantically now causing sticky blob after sticky blob of his smelly white essence to be released. Initially the drops were distinct and spurted high in the air but gradually they became more fluid and dribbled down his rapidly softening organ. As if mirroring the flaccidity of his member every other part of him went limp too. Although he panted as if he had completed a marathon. I clambered off of him. Not bad for a first effort on my part but in the end I had been able to keep Arthur in suspense for as long as fifteen minutes. But then again I did have to tie him up for that and I had to deliver the strokes myself; I suspected that poor Teddy Bare was not quite ready for that yet.
"That was alright Teddy except that you've splattered my face with your vile smelly spunk," I pointed to my cheek.
"Sorry Auntie Christine."
"So sit up and lick it clean!" He winced but sat up, leaned across and, as instructed, he licked his own come from my face as. "Now get off the bed and pull my knickers down." This he did with alacrity. I sat on the edge of the bed legs spread akimbo. "Now use my knickers to mop down my hairy slot and do a good job too." Teddy gently patted my purring puss dry.
"Hold my lips wide apart and lick my slot to prove to me that you've done a through job." What did he care it had been stuck in his face for the last five minutes but he still shivered deliciously. "Now use the knickers to mop that disgusting mess off of yourself before you spill the stinking stuff on anything of mine." he rubbed himself carefully. "Lick your hand, rub it over your belly and lick you hand once more. I want to see that you've done a good job there too." He cringed but his penis thickened.
Once he was done I glared at him, "OK give yourself a final wash in the bathroom then get yourself down stairs and wait for me. Stand up straight with your hands on your head and simply await my pleasure. Oh! But first pull those disgusting dirty knickers of mine on, I seem to recall that you like to cover your shame."
When I heard him descend the stairs I sauntered to the bathroom, showered, dried myself off and went to put on a second, clean pair of navy knickers and a blouse, but nothing else. I had Teddy Bare wait for fifteen minutes before I condescended to join him. When I entered the room: my oh my. He was already sporting another erection forcing his navy knickers to jut out in an obscene bulge.
It took all my will power not to order him back to the bedroom to give me a good rogering. If I had had him nuzzle at my breast and suckle upon my still swollen teats first I could probably come before he did. My first, let's say it, my first truly satisfying fuck in two, more realistically three and possibly even four years. But I was a good girl. I wanted to make my little Teddy Bare earn that privilege. Now I did a brave thing; well I thought it brave. I offered him a last get out clause.
"Right Teddy Bare, we're even. You have a choice. You can go home, never watch me again nor ever visit me here again. Not ever, if I caught you Sandra would see that DVD very soon afterwards. Alternatively you can visit me regularly but you'll have to be Auntie Christine's completely obedient little Teddy Bare. You'll have to be anxious to comply with auntie's every whim and caprice. So, make your choice!"
"Please Auntie Christine I want to come back. I want, no I need you. Today felt so good. I've never come so hard and there was so much of it! Please," and he fell to his knees in supplication.
"Alright but give me your mobile number. Even when you're out of my sight I need to be in control. I must be able to make sure that you are being a good little Teddy Bare and doing just as Auntie Christine has instructed you. Now get dressed and return home. You may keep those knickers if you like."
When he'd gone, still wearing the knickers, I brewed a nice pot of tea and sat down to reflect on my good fortune. By the time I had done plotting I discovered that I had absentmindedly licked all the chocolate off of, and sucked all the cream out of, four more éclairs, discarding their four limp choux pastry husks on the platter.