Synopsis: This series chronicles the real life of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. This is not fiction or fantasy. The people, activities and events are all true, but some names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
Note: Entries with a date signify days she was used worthy of telling. However, she is used many other days, but not all are documented.
04/08/2023
Yesterday, the slut was roughly and thoroughly fucked by The Boys in all her holes a total of 12 times. So, was no surprise she was still worn out and sore this morning, and was hopeful for a day of rest. However, mid-morning, she received a text from MM wanting to use her. Never one to hide anything from her Master, she not only advised Him of the request, but offered herself up for more use, if her Master wanted and it would please Him.
With indifference to how she was just used the day before, she was instructed to reply to MM she was, in fact, available to him that afternoon. Over the course of a couple more texts, a time was set, but he gave no more details.
Knowing MM preferred the slut be naked and ready for use, when the time came, she was directed to wear only fishnet stockings, 5" black heels and, as an added accent, black gloves stretching to her elbows. The look was one of a slut ready for use, her tits and holes on full display.
MM was always punctual, but today, he was late. Not sure if it was by design or just a real time delay, but the wait just heightened the anticipation for the slut. She didn't know what plans he had for her or if he was coming alone, but she grew more excited and ready for whatever was in store as the minutes ticked by. Finally, 20 minutes late, she saw him drive up. As always, she had unlocked the front door so he could let himself in, so she quickly moved to the main room to assume her Presentation position and waited.
Moments later, the door opened and she saw MM enter. Then a friend, and another, then another. Obviously, his intention was to have her thoroughly used by the 4 of them - as they wished and as much as they wanted. As they filtered in, she saw that two had never used her before, so she was excited, but also nervous for the unexpected.
They all took in the beauty of the naked slut standing before them, presenting her body for their eyes and imagination. Her pussy was noticeably wet already, but she could feel it get still wet and begin to throb.
Within minutes, she faced four cocks that were already hard and getting bigger. It was not uncommon for MM and his friends to talk ahead of time to decide what they would do to her, with her. Today was no exception. They quietly spoke amongst themselves, but kept their eyes on her and wasted no time getting ready.
MM ordered her to get on all fours - tits down and ass up. She had hardly settled into position, presenting her holes to them, when she quickly found what MM - they --- had in mind for her today.
One moved behind her raised ass and pushed his cock into it. Without care about her, he immediately forced it in hard and deep, then began to fuck her. He then began his assault on her tight asshole. As always and expected, he tried to fuck her as hard as he could, her thin frame lunging forward with each thrust.
He continued pounding her until his cock finally gushed its load. He slowed his motion before sliding out. As he did, she felt anther cock immediately penetrate her ass. He, too, abused her with how hard he fucked, as did the next two.
The slut dutifully stayed in position, letting each one enter her, use her until they were done, then pass her to the next. Each cock was quickly replaced by a fresh one, making it feel like one endless fucking to her, even though it was four of them. After almost an hour, they each had their turn fucking her ass.
Well used, her ass sore once again, she lay on the floor, breathing heavy. She saw them talking again, but could not hear what was being said. She only knew it was about her and what they wanted to do next. Uncharacteristically, MM approached and said they wanted to use her ass again. She let her Master know and, like the day before, said she wanted her ass used more. With that, she was instructed to tell MM that they could.
His only words were for her to go to the table. She immediately knew they chose the table because of how it held her in place, no matter how hard they thrust into her. That meant her ass would soon be filled even deeper and used harder than it just was. Standing before the table, she submissively leaned forward until her tits pressed down on it and spread her feet, her heels raising and presenting her ass to them.
It felt like they purposely made her stand there, waiting. As before, she felt a cock pressing against her puckered hole. While her ass was still tight, it gaped just enough from the prior use that he easily slid inside. In seconds, the guy was in a rhythm, driving his cock in and out until it was buried as deep as it could go. Then, he just increased his speed and intensity, fucking her ass repeatedly, the table holding her so he could plunge deep and hard into her ass.
As soon as he finished, his cock was replaced with another that used her just as hard, if not harder. And then another. The slut was not restrained, but she was held captive by the table. Plus, she knew she was to just accept the use and abuse of the guys to please them. After the 1stthree had taken their turns in her ass, it was MM's turn, but he wanted something different.
He moved her to the couch, instructing her to lay on her back and lift her legs up high, making her well-used and now-pink asshole a very inviting target. He liked her that way, not just so he could force his cock into her harder and deeper, but to watch her. By having her face him, he could see how she reacted to his use.
Moving between her spread legs, he guided his cock to her ass. Then, he lifted her legs up, draping them over his shoulders. That made her hole even more vulnerable and put him in a dominant position over her. Just what he wanted - and she wanted, too.
His cock began to sink into her ass. With each thrust, more and more of it disappeared into her, until he was fully inside. Then, with eyes on her, he began to lean into her with all his weight. Slowly, methodically, he gauged her reaction to his movements. If he saw she was handling it well, it just made him more intent on being rougher.
As he'd done many times before, he took pleasure in testing the slut's ability to withstand a very brutal fucking. So, each time she adjusted to how much harder he was fucking her, he got even rougher. He leaned forward, pushing her harder into the seat cushions, burying his cock still deeper into her ass. When it could go no deeper, he just fucked her faster and harder, enjoying watching her struggle beneath him. After what seemed like an eternity to her, he finally came, but continued pumping her ass to milk out every bit of cum before sliding out of her hole.
Without speaking a word to her, they all re-dressed, signifying they had no more use for her that day. She picked herself up off the couch to thank them and see them out. As they did, they took a last look at her fit, formed body and smiled at how she was obviously physically and mentally drained from their use.
In the last 24 hours, her holes were used 20 times, 14 of those being her ass. But she felt good being a fucktoy, knowing she'd pleased so many, so many times. And she wanted guys to know it and would soon do something to show them.

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: Tattoo day.