Sarah enjoyed working for Franklin Law Partners. As a legal aide working to get her law degree it was expected that she would be available in those rare cases where work had to be done on the weekend. She didn't really mind when she had to come in on the weekend to get legal briefs ready for Monday because it made her a more valuable employee and increased the chances that she would be hired once she passed the bar exam.
She had planned on coming in Saturday morning, but when her Friday night date had backed out at the last minute she decided that since she was already dressed she might as well get a jump on preparing the brief.
She debated changing out of her dating outfit, but decided not to bother and just headed into work.
Arriving at the building housing the law offices she was admitted by the night security officer. After relocking the door he walked with her to the elevators. Actually he walked slightly behind her since that gave him the opportunity to check out her body without her noticing.
He liked what he saw. Sarah was a 23 years old brunette who had been on her college's basketball and track teams. She could have easily been on the cheerleading squad since she had a killer body and a pretty face. She had maintained her workout routine since graduation and still had a toned physique.
Her running provided her toned legs and her weightlifting supplied the muscles to give her a curvy shape. Somewhat unusual in someone who was so athletic she also sported a pair of large C or small D cup breasts, depending on who made the clothing she wore.
The outfit tonight was a pair of black yoga pants and a sequin embossed blouse that came down to the bottom of her butt. Her high-heels added to her normal 5'4" height giving her the appearance that she was closer to 5'7" or 8".
Although a cheap version of her blouse might have resembled a sleeveless T-shirt, there was no doubt that hers had not been purchased at a discount clothing store. Since the back of the blouse featured mesh design Sarah wasn't wearing a brasserie.
Approaching the elevators she caught the guard checking her out in the reflection of the polished elevator doors. Since she had been dressed to attract male attention it would have been a waste if he hadn't shown any interest. Besides he was kind of cute.
Reluctantly he left her as the doors closed behind her.
Any stray thoughts of her escort were discarded as she got ready to work on the brief. Gathering the necessary documentation she took her place at her computer. Spreading all the paperwork out revealed that she was going to need more table space. After a couple of minutes she decided that it would be easier if she just used the conference room computer. That way she could spread all the paperwork on the large table there.
Once she got everything organized to her satisfaction she started typing the brief. However the computer was set up on a lower stand than the one in her cubical. The lowered height meant she had to lean forward to type.
Everything was going okay until her left shoulder strap slipped down. Without thinking she tugged it back into position. A few minutes later it happened again. After a few more times she decided to just let it hang there.
A half hour or so into her task she happened to glance down and discovered that the combination of the loose strap and the low cut front of her blouse had allowed that side of her top to drop below her breast and now she was sitting in the company's conference room with her who left breast completely exposed. Embarrassed she quickly pulled the side of her blouse back up, immensely thankful that she was the only one there.
A little while later and the strap was once again dangling. A few more minutes and once again she discovered her breast was in plain sight.
The third time it happened she decided not to worry about it and left the top like it was. Actually it was kind of exciting to have her boob bared in the office. A stray thought, from what she had once heard described as 'the monkey brain' popped into her mind that it was too bad there wasn't any audience for her show. Then she thought, imagine if this had happened while she was out on her date. The people in the restaurant would have gotten dinner and a show. She couldn't stop a small giggle at the thought.
She discovered that getting back to work wasn't going to be as easy has she had expected. Her monkey brain which had been excited about her bosom being partially exposed in the place where she worked wasn't satisfied.
It started urging her to drop the other strap too. After all why get half a thrill when she could have the whole experience.
With shaking hands she reached up and slipped the right shoulder strap off her shoulder and let it drop. The top dropped, but not enough to reveal her other boobie. Her heart was racing as she forced herself to tug the top down further and further until at last both of her breasts were revealed.
By this point Sarah's whole body was quivering. The rational part of her mind couldn't believe she was sitting some place other than in her home topless. And this was not just any place, but the conference room of the company where she was employed.
If anyone saw her she would certainly lose her job and probably be sued. In any case the story would spread like wildfire through the legal establishment and she could kiss her career as a lawyer goodbye.
On the other hand another the monkey in her head was doing mental cartwheels. She had never been a wild person and even tonight's attire had been a stretch for her. Now she was half nude where she worked.
Getting back to work was going to have to wait. The cartwheeling part of her mind now asked, "what are you going to do to top this?"
The protest from her rational mind was ignored. She thought about it. Well she might as well push this topless thing a little further. After considering various options she made a decision.
She stood up and before she could change her mind, pulled the top completely off her body. Clutching the garment in front of her bare chest and trembling she eased over to the doorway and despite knowing there wasn't anybody else around she peeked around the door frame to make sure. Gathering her courage she made herself step out.
And nothing happened.
What to do now? Emboldened with her success she cautiously slipped over to her own cubicle. Holy shit! Just imagine if this were a normal weekday. She decided she would leave her blouse sitting on her desk and step back into the passageway. Then the monkey made a suggestion. It told her that there was something better to do with it.
She made herself walk over into her supervisor's office and set it on her desk. However another thought occurred to her. Reaching into the hiding place where her boss, Mrs. Eakins, kept the key to her filing cabinets, Sarah unlocked the file cabinet closest to the window and placed her blouse inside. Then she locked the cabinet and returned to key to it's hiding place.
"Okay, that's enough for now. I've got to get back to work on that brief," she thought. For once the monkey didn't protest.
An hour later she had made surprising progress on her task. In addition she had become used to her lack of clothing. However that monkey was back. It knew that one of her goals was to be trusted enough to be asked to make a presentation in this very conference room.
She reasoned I'm here why not get some practice.
She walked up to the dais. She picked up the controller and used it to dim the room's standard lighting. A second button turned on the spotlight.
With the spotlight shining on her she noticed that anyone up here was unable to see them if there had been anyone else in the room.
"I wonder if that makes it easier or harder when you're up here," she wondered.
Since she had been working on the brief she chose to speak on the matter to which it pertained. She began with a quick overview. Followed this with a point by point presentation and ended it with a brief summary. When she finished she felt that she had done a very competent delivery.
That's when the clapping started.
Sarah froze, then she jerked her hands up in front of her breasts. Covering them with one arm she reached for the controller and trembling she tapped the button to bring up the room lights. Her heart sank when she recognized her boss, Mrs. Eakins standing by the door.
"Good job, Sarah. Very well presented. I particularly like your attention grabbing devices."
"Oh, damn! I am so sorry, Mrs, Eakins. My date canceled at the last minute tonight so I decided to work on the brief instead. I didn't bother to change and while typing on the computer my top kept slipping down so I just took it off. Then I decided to do a trail presentation to see if what I had been working on would work."
"I must congratulate you. You did an excellent job. Just out of curiosity, where is your blouse?"
"If I promise to just leave and never come back could we forget this every happened?" Sarah pleaded.
"This is getting interesting. Just where is your blouse Sarah?"
"It's in one of the filing cabinets in your office," Sarah quietly confessed.
"Well, that brings up a lot of questions. First why is it in my filing cabinet? Two, how did it get in my filing cabinet? And three, when and how were you planning to get it out of my filing cabinet?"
Recognizing that she was out of options Sarah asked, "Have you ever heard of something called 'the monkey brain'?"
"Yes I have. Supposedly it's the part of the brain that wants to take chances."
"Well my monkey suggested I spice up my evening by placing my blouse in your filing cabinet so if something happened it would be harder to get dressed."
"Okay," Mrs, Eakins said thoughtfully. "So how did you get it in there?"
"I overheard you telling one of the others that you had a spare key hidden in your desk. I found it and put my blouse in there."
"Okay, Sarah, here's what I think we need to do. First why don't you drop your arm. It must be getting tired and I've already seen what it's concealing."
Reluctantly Sarah did as she was instructed.
"You have beautiful boobs, Sarah," Mrs. Eakins noted. "Next I think we should let your monkey out to play some more. Therefore I think you should remove your pants."
"You want me to do what?" Sarah asked in shock.
"It's not what I want you to do. It's what your monkey wants you to do. I'll bet that monkey is practically screaming for you to be even more daring. Personally I'm torn between called out boss and reporting you, however my monkey wants some excitement and I'm inclined to go along with it. But it's your decision."
Even with all that was going on Sarah recognized that the way Mrs. Eakins had phrased her words meant that she was not forcing Sarah to remove her pants. In fact if she did it, it would be Sarah's own decision. On the other hand if she didn't then Mrs. Eakins might very well call their boss. So without another word Sarah slipping her fingers in the waistline of her yoga pants and pushed them down her legs. Balancing herself with one hand on the podium she slipped off her heels and removed the pants.
"Your monkey probably is telling you to take off your panties too, isn't he?"
In for a penny in for a pound, Sarah thought.
If a few seconds she was totally naked. She hadn't been the nude outside her apartment since college.
"I would think the monkey wants you to put your heels back on, Sarah," Mrs. Eakins suggested.
When Sarah had complied Mrs. Eakins continued. "How far are you along with your brief?"
"I just need to type up the final version," she replied.
"By the way, where were you and your date supposed to be going tonight?"
"I thought he was going to take me to Zipper's. But he called to tell me that he had to work tonight. I think that's what gave me to idea to come in here."
"Where does he work?"
"Canyon's over on Rock Street."
To her surprise Mrs. Eakins started laughing. "My husband works at Canyon's Nobody's working there tonight. They're having a company party. Who was supposed to take you out?"
"Phillip . . "
Mrs. Eakins interrupted, "Phillip Head, tall, ruggedly handsome, mustache and goatee?"
"Yeah," Sarah said puzzled.
"I hate to be the one to tell you, but Phillip is married. My husband and the others thought he was probably playing around on his wife just from the way he acts around the office."
"Son-of-a-bitch!"
"Tell you what, since you had planned on eating at Zipper's let me call one of the food delivery companies to pick us up something and bring it here. What do you like?"
"I don't even know what they have. I've never been there," Sarah stated.
"You like lobster? They do a great lobster."
"To be honest I probably can't afford it," Sarah replied sheepishly.
"It's my treat," Mrs. Eakins offered.
"Thanks."
"My pleasure. You can give the driver the tips," with a meaningful glance at Sarah's exposed nipples.
Laughing at Sarah's horrified look, Mrs. Eakins called Zipper's to order the food. Then she called the delivery service to schedule it's pick up and delivery. Following that she called the security guard and told him to let the delivery man bring the food up.
"Okay now that that's all taken care of . . "
Sarah interrupted her. "I can't let the driver see me like this. He'll tell the guard and all his buddies about the naked girl he saw here and before you know everyone will know. Since the guard knows we're the only ones here it won't be long before everyone knows I was up here naked. Please don't ask me to do that," she begged.
"Sarah, I'm not going to lose someone as valuable as you. Trust me we'll come up with a way for you to display your, er considerable talents, that doesn't come back to haunt you. Now while we're waiting let's allow the monkey to play. What is the wildest idea you ever had about doing something in the office?"
"Before tonight I had never considered doing anything even remotely like this," Sarah said truthfully.
"Well what's the wildest thing you've ever done?"
Sarah thought about it. "In college we had this one professor who always stared at my breasts . . ."
Mrs. Eakins interrupted, "You need to be more daring in how you talk about your body. Instead of calling them breasts use a different term. You tell me some others names and I'll pick out one for you to use."
"Boobs"
"No"
"Ta-tas"
"Umm, nope"
"Knockers, hooters, sweater stuffing, bumpers"
"I got, cock wrappers," Mrs. Eakins proudly stated.
"Really?" Sarah asked. When Mrs. Eakins nodded Sarah restarted her story. "In college we had this one professor who always stared at my, um cock wrappers."
Mrs. Eakins stopped her again. "It needs something more. When a guy pops what do you get?" she said grinning.
"You mean cum?"
"Yep and what do you say a pregnant woman has urges for?"
"Cravings?"
"Good. Now put it all together," Mrs. Eakins urged.
"I don't know what you want," Sarah said in a confused tone.
"What is a guy's stuff?"
"Cum"
"And what does a pregnant woman do?
"Crave"
"And what are those?" Mrs. Eakins asked pointing to Sarah's boobs.
"Cock wrappers."
"Put it all together."
"Cum. Crave. Cock wrappers. Cum craving cock wrappers?"
"Perfect. Now tell me what happened in college again.
Sarah began again. "So my roommate dared me to take a picture of my breasts, I mean cum craving cock wrappers, and hide it in his office. Somewhere where he would never find it. We had a lot of laughs thinking about what he was missing."
"So you took a picture of your naked," pointing to Sarah's chest.
"Cum craving cock wrappers," Sarah supplied.
Mrs. Eakins nodded and said "And you hid it in his office?"
"Yes"
"That was kind of daring, but let's see if we can figure out something for you to do tonight."
They both thought.
"I've got it," Mrs. Eakins said. "Mr. Wood isn't above ogling to girls in the office. Let's do something like your professor trick on him."
"You want to take a picture of my breasts, I mean cum craving cock wrappers, and hide it in his office?"
"No. Your monkey wants you to take a picture of yourself buck-assed naked with your," pointing at Sarah's chest.
"Cum craving cock wrappers," she obligingly supplied without hesitation.
Mrs. Eakins continued, "on prominent display along with your legs spread wide open on his desk while sitting in his chair. Then whenever you catch him checking out your charms you can mentally pull up that picture to remind yourself what he missed."
The two women walked to Mr. Wood's office. The evening had become so surreal that Sarah didn't even realize that she was walking around stark naked in the very place she was employed.
When they reached the office Mrs. Eakins motioned Sarah to take her place. However after Sarah got in the chair and placed her feet on Mr. Wood's desk she was unable to take a selfie that included her whole body.
"I can't do this," she said.
"If you asked me to do it, I would be willing to help you, but only at your insistence."
"Mrs. Eakins, will you please take my picture?" Sarah asked.
"I'm not a hundred percent sure you really want this, Sarah," Mrs. Eakins replied.
"Mrs. Eakins, will you pretty please take a picture of me in Mr. Wood's office, sitting in his chair with my cum craving cock wrappers and wide open pussy on full display. I am begging you to help me achieve this intense desire of mine."
"Okay, my dear. Since it is so important to you and means so much for your happiness here at Wood's Legal Services," Mrs. Eakins stated.
Taking Sarah's cell phone she snapped several pictures of the totally exposed young woman.
Afterwards they went around the office getting pictures of Sarah prominently displayed in all her naked glory.
They finally stopped when Mrs. Eakins got a call from the security man that their dinner was on the way up.
"Oh jeez. We never figured out how I'm going to 'tip' the delivery guy without him being able to identify me and tell anyone about what he saw."
"I have a plan," Mrs. Eakins replied.
A few minutes later the elevator doors opened and a middle-aged man stepped out holding their dinners. Mrs. Eakins was waiting for him and lead him into a small meeting room.
"Hello. You may sit the food down over there. Here's the money to pay for dinners. For your tip I will offer you two choices. I will pay you $50.00 or we have an young lady here who has agreed to give you a blowjob. There are some conditions to the blowjob however. Her identity will be disguised and you must sign a wavier that you will never tell anyone where it happened. You can brag about it to your friends without giving them any specifics such as this location, but not to anyone connected to this firm or this building. This includes the security man downstairs. If you do agree and then break that confidentiality agreement you will be sued till you don't have two pennies to rub together."
"How do I know it will be a young woman?" he responded.
"Her face will be hidden, but the rest of her quite lovely body will be totally exposed."
"Why would a lovely young woman be willing to provide a stranger a blowjob?" he questioned.
"She broke a confidentiality agreement and would prefer not to lose everything she owns is why," Mrs. Eakins stated.
He nodded his understanding that Mrs. Eakins were serious about him honoring their agreement. "Can I see her first?"
"Yes, but the conditions of the confidentiality agreement will still apply."
"Agreed."
"Lisa please step out here," Mrs. Eakins called.
Looking in the direction Mrs. Eakins had called the delivery driver saw Sarah step into the room. She was wearing a wooden mask that until a few minutes before had been hanging in the lobby and nothing else.
He was amazed. The woman standing there was easily the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen in real life. She had incredible tits and the space between her thighs held a picture perfect pussy.
"Do we have an understanding, sir?" Mrs. Eakins.
"She's going to do it in front of you?" he asked not really caring.
"Yes."
"Yes ma'am, you have my word."
Sarah had been dreading his acceptance of Mrs. Eakins' offer and maybe a little hoping he would.
It was time for her to do as it had been promised. Sarah walked over and kneel down before him. He quickly freed his cock from his pants. He was already erect.
There was a hole in the mask in front of her mouth and she guided him into it. She took him into her mouth and began sucking his dick.
Apparently it had been a while since the last time he had engaged in sex because it only took Sarah a few moments before she felt him start to quiver.
She pulled back just as he started cumming. The first squirt went into her mouth, but the rest which felt like being hit with a garden hose splashed over her tits.
To Sarah it felt like he had dumped quart of warm syrup on her.
When he finished he pulled out his handkerchief and wiped off his deflating cock.
He thanked both woman and whistled as he returned to the elevators and left them alone.
Once the doors closed Sarah pulled off the mask. Before she let Sarah get up Mrs. Eakins took several pictures of Sarah and her cum covered tits.
"And that's what cum craving cock wrappers look like," she quipped.
Sarah looked down to see that her chest looked like two glazed mounds.
"There's a shower in the executive men's bathroom if you want a quick shower or do you want to eat dinner while it's still hot?" Mrs. Eakins asked.
"Screw it, I'm hungry," Sarah answered.
"This has to be a dream," Sarah thought as she sat there eating lobster with her boss in the company break room totally naked with a stranger's cum still oozing down her chest and onto her lap.
When they finished the lobster Mrs. Eakins told Sarah to go grab a shower while she cleaned up the mess.
When Sarah was almost finished a hand reached something in to her. To her surprise it was a vibrator. Mrs. Eakins said, "I figured by now you must be needing some stress relief. Come back to the conference room when you're done."
It hadn't occurred to her, but Mrs. Eakins was right. Sarah enjoyed a body racking orgasm.
When Sarah got to the conference room she found Mrs. Eakins waiting for her.
"Well you and your monkey had one helluva evening, Sarah. There are some things I want to tell you starting with, that you impressed the hell out of me. Your presentation was excellent, which is good because you're going to be making it Monday morning. Just do it the way you did earlier and you'll be fine."
"You don't mean topless do you?" Sarah quipped.
"Actually I think most everyone would love to see you do it that way, but probably not the best idea. I was also impressed at how you were able to accept the situation you found yourself in without losing your composure or falling to pieces. It was a lot to deal with, but you handled it all very well. Therefore I want you to come work with me directly. I've had my eye on you for a while and I've checked out your scholastic efforts. I think you will make an excellent lawyer. You are someone who will be an asset to this company."
She paused to see if Sarah had anything to say. "I do have one question. Why didn't you wear a towel back from your shower?"
Sarah replied, "Two reasons actually. First you've already seen every part of me so why bother to hide myself."
"And the second?"
"They were too small to do any good."
Both women shared a laugh.
"Okay. I'm out of here," Mrs. Eakins said. "Don't work too late."
"Just going straighten everything out. I can work on the presentation at home over the next couple of days."
Mrs. Eakins left and Sarah put everything back in it's proper location. Afterwards she went up to the dais and slipped back into her panties and yoga pants.
Her last stop before leaving was Mrs. Eakins' office to retrieve the blouse that had started all this.
To her surprise the hidden cabinet key was missing.
Oh shit!