Chapter 1 - My Past Sex Parties
===============================
It had been more than a month now since the last time my best friend Beth was able to talk me into going with her to one of her sex parties. It wasn't like she hadn't tried, believe me. Sometimes it seems that she spends half her evenings at the crazy things!
As for me, I have never understood the big attraction. Sure, they're fun to go to every now and then but so are lots of other things and I don't do them all the time. I guess I'm just more conservative and not a party girl like Beth or more cousin Kristi. Kristi goes with her quite a bit, but we really don't talk about it much other than a hint or a knowing look now and then. Actually, I hear more about Kristi's "extracurricular activities" from my mom who gets her information from Kristi's mom, who has always been quite proud of her daughter's exploits.
Every party Beth has taken me to over the past two summers has been unique in its own way, yet there is a common thread that runs through all of them, at least for me. Of course at each one I have sex with any number of guys in a variety of locations and positions - that's the whole point going after all! What I am referring to is a common denominator where the sex has always been with men, never a woman.
It's not that I don't like sex with girls - THAT certainly has it's time and place. It's just that from my perspective, being fucked by a guy seems more suited to this type of situation. I mean, so far in my life sex with guys has revolved around various forms of fucking and getting off without a great deal of intimacy. Sure, I've had crushes on a few boys but looking back, that's all they were.
Thus you could say I liked being fucked by a guy for my own pleasure. I'm not afraid to admit that it's quite an ego booster when men fall over themselves to have me, including cheating on their wives and girlfriends. Although letting my uncle fuck me is more out of a sense of family obligations than actual attraction, I still enjoy it or I wouldn't let him do it. My father has been the only man in my life with whom there has been any sense of an emotional bonding, but that should be obvious.
In contrast to being with men, many of whom I have no idea even what their names were, my lesbian experiences have involved women I am close to, such as my mom and aunt, or my younger cousins Tammy and Kristi. Outside my family, the only girls I have done it with has been people I am close to, like my college roomies Beth and Jen, my mom's friend Tammy or my best friend Beth. So you see, lesbian sex is much more intimate and emotional for me, not something I would normally think about doing with stranger at a party.
There have been a few notable exceptions, but very limited. To put it in perspective, in my life so far I've had sex with 139 different men (100 of those were at parties so someone were to ask me I would normally say I've had sex with 39 men) but only 19 girls. Of course, I don't count slumber parties with friends where we masturbated together, that was just typical girl stuff and in any case, it didn't involve any sexual contact with other girls.
Chapter 2 - Sunday Morning - Masturbating Before Church
=======================================================
So now it was the middle of August and the weather was typical for that time of year - hot and muggy. It was Sunday morning and I was concentrating on what to wear to church. One look out my bedroom window and I knew from the clear ski and bright sun it was going to be another scorcher.
While most of our church is air-conditioned, the sanctuary is huge and being built over one hundred years ago, not well insulated so air-conditioning was never installed. They kept lots of fans running, especially on days like today, but all it did was move the hot air around. If I had my druthers, I would just throw on a pair of shorts and a bikini top and stay cool but it WAS church and I was raised that a certain decorum applied. I mean, it's not like the old days where people wore suits and long dresses, no matter what. But still, our family "dressed up" for church and for me that typically meant a dress or at least a skirt and nice blouse. No shorts, jeans, etc., at least not for services.
My dad was out of town for the weekend which meant no "wakeup call" for me this morning and I was definitely feeling even hornier than usual as a result. It's funny how you can take something for granted and it's not until it's gone that you realize how much it means to you. It felt strange just waking up on my own and getting out of bed without having first taken care of my dad's needs. I thought about him in his hotel room and wondered if he was jerking off thinking about what he was missing this morning. To be honest, I was hoping he was and that meant he missed me!
Having just gotten out of bed, I was still nude as I stood in front of my closet. Typically I don't bother putting anything on until I have finished in the bathroom since it was right across the hall from my bedroom. Like, what would be the point to through on a shirt or something just to drop it again a few minutes later?
I started sleeping in the buff back when I started college. At the time, it was more that I was eighteen and wanting to act grown-up and be like my parents than anything else. Over time, once I got accustomed to it, it got to the point where even a light negligee felt restrictive when I was in bed. There is just something about the feel of cool sheets against your bare skin that feels good at night. Besides, I've never understood the reason for covering yourself up in bed. It's not like I run around the house nude or anything but when I throw back the covers, the night shirt doesn't come off until just before I slip between the sheets.
Turning slightly, I looked at myself in the mirror mounted on the closet door and did what every girl does when she sees herself in the mirror - criticize myself! While I certainly am not fat, I can't claim to have the petite figure of my cousin Kristi. My boobs are finally respectable and perky without any sag but when I compare them to my best friend Beth's, it's easy to understand why when we are together the boys always look at her chest first.
My fingers pinched the nipples on both of my breasts and pulled on them before letting go and allowing them to snap back. They tingled a bit and I smiled as they responded, growing harder and more pointed as I toyed with them. While I may not have always had the most spectacular boobs, even in a training bra my nipples have always been extremely sensitive and responsive to even the slightest attention. Just wearing a loose blouse that rubs over my nipples as I move is enough to get them poking out like bullets from my chest.
Reaching down with my right hand, I grabbed my crotch in my palm and pulled my hand upwards, dragging my palm and fingers over my pussy and up to my flat stomach. Hmmmm, I definitely needed to shave this morning! Perhaps it was a good thing my dad wasn't here this morning, the stubble would have been pretty rough on his face had he tried eating me out. Normally I shave every day but sometimes I get lazy. I hate letting it go more than a couple of days or so because then it gets too rough and I end up with an irritated pussy which isn't too appealing.
The first time I rubbed myself it was intended more as a personal inspection than anything else but as my fingers passed over my clit I was reminded that I hadn't been fucked yet this morning. Even worse, I knew the odds of that happening today with my dad out of town were pretty remote.
If there is any time of day when I am the most naturally horny, it's when I first wake up. It's not unusual for me to wake up and find my pussy is literally dripping, making me wonder what I was dreaming about. Usually I at least masturbate before I even get out of bed although nothing beats waking up with a guy playing with me, maybe even fucking me as I slept, especially if it's my dad. As my fingers touched my pussy, it started throbbing as if to remind me it hadn't gotten its usual attention yet.
Sunday school was in less than an hour so I knew I didn't have time to get back in bed and take care of myself properly. At the same time, if I went to church feeling like this I would be excusing myself to the little girl's room before Sunday School was half over. Well, it's not that I don't do that anyway sometimes, but I still felt this terrible hunger in me that needed to be satisfied. When you're used to certain things, not having them is something you miss and my pussy was definitely telling me in no uncertain terms that it was missing something this morning! Unfortunately, with my dad out of town it wasn't going to get what it normally did, but there are ways of dealing with that in a pinch.
Leaning back against the wall, my hand returned to my pussy. God it felt so good to touch myself! I've hear guys joke that God must be a man because he created men so they could pee standing up. Well, I would say he blessed women between the legs a hell of lot more than men! I LOVE my pussy and unlike a guy, I can play with it just about anywhere. Do you think women cross their legs just to be modest when wearing a dress? Yeah right. Plus the fact that unlike men, whose dick is more like a musket, with one shot and then time to reload., my pussy is more like a machine gun, letting me cum over and over again until finally I just can't take it anymore.
As my fingers worked their way into my pussy, any worries about getting ready for Sunday School quickly disappeared. Whenever I am this horny, I HAVE to do something about it. Thank God for masturbation! I
For me, it wasn't until I experienced my first orgasm and it was like suddenly the light came on and I knew what it was all about. Of course, once I learned what a great thing it was, I was fingering myself all the time. It got to the point that even though technically I was not a child being over eighteen, my mom felt she had to scold me and warn me to be more discreet about it. Over time I learned to control myself better but even now, I usually do it every day and typically more than once.
As horny as I was, it wasn't going to take long this morning. I leaned back against the door frame and watched myself in the mirror. Maybe I'm weird or something, but I like to watch myself when I masturbate; it's almost like I'm looking at someone else. With one hand on my pussy and the other on my boob, I could feel myself rising to whatever point it was that drove me off the edge.
God I wanted to be fucked so bad! Why did my dad have to go out of town this weekend? I closed my eyes at that point and imagined it was his dick in me instead of my fingers, that it was his strong hands massaging my boobs instead of my own, that his hot breath was on my neck as he kissed me and told me how good it felt to fuck me.
"Oh yes daddy, fuck me," I whispered to myself as I dreamed of giving myself to him, "I want you to cum in me."
Suddenly my knees weakened and I slumped slightly as I tried to keep my balance. My eyes shut tight as I focused on nothing but my pussy as I dreamed of my dad's dick deep inside of me.
"I'm cumming daddy... oh god I'm cumming so hard," I moaned softly.
It was like a vise had tightened on my chest as I couldn't breathe. Every inch of my body suddenly felt like I had stepped into a furnace and the fire was consuming me except these were flames of pleasure. My bedroom disappeared and I was consumed by pure lust, my body aching for a cock to be in me. I could feel my pussy cum pouring over my hand as I kept my fingers in my pussy, stroking them in and out like a dick was in me instead. Just as I thought I was going to pass out, a giant gasp erupted from me and I took in a huge breath of air.
"Oh god!" I moaned over and over as I shook like I was freezing to death. It was like I was quivering like a guitar string that had been plucked, except that it was my fingers playing over my pussy that was producing the sensational music inside of me.
Finally I couldn't even stand anymore and I slid down the door until I was sitting on the floor, my legs spread wide apart and now both hands pressing against my crotch. I had two fingers in me with the other hand pressing them tighter inside of me. I was exhausted, unable to even move my hands.
"Hey! We have to be at church in a half hour silly, couldn't this have waited?"
I forced my eyes open to see my mom standing over me, hands on her hips. She was dressed and ready to go and here I was, still naked and sitting on the floor with my fingers up my pussy, caught like a kid with her hands in the cookie jar.
"No... it couldn't'," I protested.
"Well, quit playing with yourself and get going, we're going to be late."
It was tempting to just get dressed and go to church smelling like sex but I knew that wouldn't go over well with some of the people there. I took a FAST shower, being careful not to get my hair wet and quickly got myself ready. Fortunately, I have never been one of those girls that takes two hours to get ready so in twenty minutes I was bouncing down the stairs to join my mom.
"You know Kelly," my mom chided me, "Someday you're going to have to learn some self-control!"
It was the same speech she had given me a hundred times, just in a different format, so I ignored it for the hundredth time as well. I mean, a girl's got to do what a girl's got to do!
Chapter 3 - My Cousin Rick Fucks My Best Friend During Church
=============================================================
When we got to church, we met my aunt and uncle along with my cousins in the parking lot. My cousin Rick was eighteen and quite the hunk. My mom had been keeping an eye on him for some time and it didn't take long for her to pull a "Mrs. Robinson" with him once he started fucking me a few weeks ago. I don't know which of them was more excited about it, him for getting the chance to screw an older woman (and his own aunt at that) or her getting the opportunity to have some teenage cock once again. It wasn't like my dad didn't please her. It was no different than my dad fucking me or my cousin. What I mean is, who could blame her for wanting a little fun with a boy less than half her age?
Without a sound, Rick moved in just behind my mom and I caught his hand reaching out to quickly squeeze her ass. My eyes widened in amazement at his guts considering we were right in the middle of the church parking lot. Fortunately, nobody was around at that moment to see what he had done - except me of course. My mom, to her credit, didn't even bat an eye although when Rick moved away she gave him a naughty look that clearly said she wouldn't have minded a little more - especially when I saw where she was looking!
As we headed to the side entrance of the church, Rick ran up to me and grabbed my arm, pulling me off to the side where he hurriedly started to whisper to me. He was so excited about something that he could barely get the words out without stuttering.
"Hey Kelly, I'm gonna fuck Beth during Sunday School - wanna watch?" he said, almost choking on his words with his excitement. "You're going to fuck Beth? Here? Now?"
"Yeah, I know, I wasn't supposed to tell you but I couldn't resist once I saw you."
"So... is that why you were so horny that you fondled my mom's ass right smack in the middle of the parking lot?"
Rick grinned sheepishly and said with a wicked smile, "Oh, you saw that. Well, she DOES have a nice ass you know."
I had to concede that point to him as my mom did indeed have a great looking ass! Not to mention boobs that still were hanging in there and not a line on her face or thighs.
"So... does Beth know you're planning on fucking her?" I teased him. Really, I was having a hard time believing him as Beth had never told me she was doing anything with him.
Rick rolled his eyes at me in exasperation. "Very funny - gimme a break, Kelly."
My mom was calling after me by now so I just giggled at him and ran off to catch up with the rest of my family. My parents attended a session intended for married couples while I split off to the college group. Just as I was about to go into the room I looked down the long hallway and saw Rick poking his head around the corner, gesturing with his arm to come down and join him.
Out of curiosity, more than anything, I decided to see what he really wanted as honestly, I still thought he was just jerking my chain with all that talk about fucking Beth. Beth was my best friend and I couldn't believe that she was screwing my cousin and hadn't told me about it.
Beth was the only person outside my family that knew about my "special relationships" at home and indeed, was the only girl my dad had ever fucked outside our family since he married my mom over twenty years ago. That alone should tell you how close of friends we were and how much a part of our family she was considered to be. Thus it was unimaginable to me that Beth would have been fucking Rick before now and not telling me about it.
"Move your ass and get in here," Rick hissed at me as I approached. He was leaning out of a doorway leading to one of the older rooms in the church. These days it was now pretty much used for storing junk and not much else. Indeed, I couldn't even remember being in it before.
"Hide over there - Beth should be here any minute," he said in a low voice, as if he was afraid he would be overhead.
Being at the end of the hallway in this relatively unused part of the church, the odds of THAT were pretty remote. Heck, I hadn't even been down here in years myself.
Rick was pointing towards a pile of boxes stacked against one side of the room that were labeled as having the various props for our annual Christmas pageant. In front of them was a clothes rack filled with costumes for the same pageant. So this is where they kept all that stuff! Rick pulled the clothes rack out far enough for me to hide between it and the boxes. Just in the nick of time, too, as it turned out. No sooner was I squatting down behind the clothes, peeking out between the costumes, then I heard a familiar voice - my best friend!
"Alright, let's get going before someone catches us down here," I barely heard her whisper.
At first I couldn't actually see her or Rick but then someone closed the door and they moved over to an empty table which was almost directly in front of me, giving me virtually a front row seat to whatever was about to happen.
Beth was dressed rather conservatively - at least compared to her usual outfits. It was just a simple floral dress that came to just above her knees with thin spaghetti shoulder straps and a "peasant girl" style bust. God I loved her boobs! I'd been jealous of them since I was just twelve, when she was already into a B cup and I was in a training bra. Today they were a full D cup but didn't have the sag and droopiness most bigger girls had to deal with.
Her long brunette hair was hanging down to the middle of her back, nothing special other than the hours of combing in her bedroom I knew she spent. From her flushed appearance and the way she kept staring at his crotch, I knew my best friend well enough to know she was one horny girl at the moment. Well, that made two of us!
"You're late. I was afraid you weren't going to show up," Rick whined slightly.
Beth moved in closer to Rick and pressed her hand on the growing bulge in his pants. "And miss out on this?" she responded seductively, "Mmmmmm, not on your life."
God, was I getting turned on! It's not like I hadn't seen Beth with a guy before. Beth was a charter member of a local group that met frequently for private sex parties and she had invited me to a couple already this summer. Beth was heavily into the group sex scene, much more than me. Although the two of us have been best friends forever, even fucking some guys together, we had never fooled around with each other until this past winter. The most amazing thing about Beth, so far as sex goes, is that my dad has fucked her as well - twice actually.
I say amazing because my parents are VERY strict when it comes to adultery. Neither of them has cheated on the other since they were married which I believe has been a major factor in the success of their marriage. My parents have taught me that once you're married, sex with anyone outside your family - even with the consent of your spouse, is forbidden, a violation of the Ten Commandants (you know the one - Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery). Given their strict interpretation and the lectures they had given me growing up on the subject, you can imagine how shocked I was when my dad joined me and Beth in the hot tub and then fucked her while my mom looked on from my second floor bedroom window. I guess it just goes to show how close Beth and I are that my dad considers her as another virtual daughter. My only issue is that she doesn't know about MY relationship with my dad - something I hope someday I can share with her.
Since Beth didn't know my family practiced incest, there was no reason she would even suspect that Rick was fucking both me and my mom on a regular basis. Well, I should say it was more my mom a lot more than me but that's a technicality. Even so, I was a little curious as to why she hadn't told me before this that she was fucking my cousin. It's not like anyone could blame her for wanting him. Rick was quite a hunk and from what I've heard, over half the girls in school either had been fucked by him or WANTED him to.
So as I said, I've seen Beth in action plenty of times before but there was something different about seeing her with Rick that was different. Maybe it was nothing more than the voyeuristic element, the "peeping tom" thrill that came from watching her without her knowledge, I don't know. Whatever it was, seeing her squat down, pull his nice cock out of his pants, and without hesitating for a second start sucking his cock was making me wet as hell!
Rick groaned as Beth took his dick deep in her mouth. I couldn't help but smile to myself, though, thinking that it didn't take much to get a guy off - especially a guy as young as Rick. I knew Beth a LOT better than he did so I knew she wasn't nearly as into giving head as I was. For her, it was just something that a guy expected and so she did it more out of some sense of obligation than anything else.
Beth loved to be fucked more than anything - and by as many cocks as possible at the same time. I guess that's why she loves her parties as there she can have three of four guys at once. Although I am unwavering when it comes to anal sex (as in NONE), Beth loves it and has told me (actually more like bragging) several times about her experiences with double penetration. Of course, having a third or fourth cock to suck while two guys were fucking her ass and pussy at the same time was just icing on the cake for her.
With all that, it didn't surprise me that Beth only sucked his dick for a couple of minutes before some internal alarm clock went off. Her cocksucking duties fulfilled, she sat back on the table top, legs spread wide apart. I couldn't help but smile as it was about as unladylike a pose as you could imagine, more like watching whore in one of my dad's porn movies opening up for her sex scene.
"Alright now, I want that fucking dick in me," she said in a commanding tone. There was little doubt who was running the show here!
Rick wasn't saying anything at this point. He was so hard and horny the only thing his mind could cope with at this moment was whatever it took to fuck this sexy girl exposing herself in front of him. As he stripped his pants and underwear off, Beth lifted her dress to reveal her pretty pussy underneath. Yep, that was typical of my best friend, showing up for church without any underwear on!
By now I had lifted my own skirt up and pushed my panties off to the side, letting my fingers have access to my own pussy which was practically dripping to the floor by now. My fingertip brushed up against my clit and it was all I could do to keep from gasping out loud as it was like being poked by an electric prod. It hadn't been all that long since I had masturbated at home and the poor thing still hadn't completely calmed down. As I watched Rick slip his big cock into Beth's open pussy, I slid my own finger up into me, imagining he was fucking me instead of my lucky best friend.
"Ahhhhhh, fuck!" Beth moaned, wiggling her hips as Rick pushed himself deeper inside of her, "Stuff it in me! Shove that cock up my pussy!"
Rick pulled her straps off her shoulders and pushed the dress down to expose her monstrous boobs. Even from across the room I could see how hard her nipples were! My hands felt my own boobs through my top and I sighed silently as my breasts tingled from the attention. God I would have loved to rub our boobs together!
Beth wrapped her long thin legs around Rick as he pumped his swollen dick in and out of her wet cunt. She must have been soaked judging from the slurping sounds his cock was making as he fucked her. I couldn't actually see her pussy and his cock moving in and out of her from the angle I had to watch, but I remembered how much it turned me on to see my dad's cock when he was screwing my best friend.
As much as I loved sex with my mom, cousin and aunt, there was something unique about being with your best friend, especially when she had been that for as long as Beth had been mine. We had shared so much growing up that to now share each other sexually seemed just the natural thing to do.
Beth had leaned back on the table, supporting herself with her hands as her hips gyrated around Rick's erect dick. As for Rick, while he thrust himself rhythmically in and out of Beth, his hands were on her boobs, one on each as he squeezed and massaged them. The boy may have been barely eighteen, but from her reactions he was apparently fucking her pretty good. My tongue ran over my lips as I wished it was my pussy being treated by his dick instead!
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," he moaned as his thrusts quickened. "I wanna cum on your face."
Hearing him say that meant more to me than you might imagine. If there was one thing Rick knew better than to ask me when he fucked me, it was to cum on me. From the very first time we did it, I made it clear than his cum belonged in one of two places - my mouth or my pussy. If I am with a guy I want to please more for one reason or another, I may let them do shoot wherever they want. With Rick there was no need for such niceties. The guy loved fucking me so much that even though I wouldn't let him cum all over me, it didn't seem to bother him.
In contrast to me, Beth was what I sometimes refer to as a "cum slut". She had told me stories about how at parties a crowd of guys would surround her, all of them jerking themselves off and then spraying cum all over her; including her face, hair, boobs, and just every part of her body.
Such things didn't exactly rank up there as one of my favorite fantasies but she seemed to get off from it (for whatever reason, I'll never know). Like, I could only imagine what a pain it was to get cleaned up afterwards, not to mention the itching it caused if you let it dry on you.
Like the cum slut she was, Beth reacted quickly when Rick warned her about his imminent ejaculation. She lowered her legs, let him pull out of her, and then immediately dropped to her knees in front of him. She held her face up, looking at him with her mouth wide open and tongue hanging out like a puppy waiting for a treat. She didn't have to wait long as Rick jerked himself off with just a few strokes and then my eyes widened as I watched his sperm spew from the tip of his swollen cock, landing all over her face and hair. Miraculously, it didn't appear that any made it on her dress which was always a concern of mine, especially when I was doing it somewhere where I would have to go back in public after being fucked.
When he stopped shooting cum, Beth took his spent cock in her hand and used it to rub his cum all over her face, spreading it like some facial cream over her cheeks, chin and forehead. Her entire face shown in the dim light with its covering of messy cum.
Rick was still panting from his exertions and I saw his firm butt clench involuntarily as she took his sensitive dick again in her mouth, suck every last of the cum from him. Satisfied she had all he had to give her, she dropped his dick with a smacking sound from her lips. Then she looked at her watch and stood up with a broad smile on her face.
"Now THAT'S what I call a church lesson!" she said with a grin. She looked over to where there was a full length mirror and frowned at what she saw.
"Good God, I can't go out looking like THIS!" she said, more to herself than anything.
She twisted around, looking for something to wipe herself off. Her boobs were still hanging out as she hadn't bothered straightening up her dress yet. That's my Beth, never missing a chance to show off those tits, even if it was just my cousin there to see them (or so she thought).
Then, to my horror, she seemed to see something in the clothes rack in front of me and started to head my way. I crouched even lower and she never seemed to notice me as she reached for one of the robes and used it like a towel to wipe Rick's cum from her face. In my head I thought to next Christmas and wondered which sixth grade shepherd boy was going to have my cousin's cum stains on his robe when he donned his costume for the pageant!
Rick had pulled his pants back up but his cock was still firm enough to push out against the fabric. He certainly didn't seem to mind, assuming he was even aware of it, and I guess it really didn't matter one way or another. From my experience, it seemed like most guys his age were walking around with erections half the time anyway!
For a moment I contemplated how I could take care of his "situation" and my pussy gave a sharp twinge at the thought of his dick pushing its way up into me but common sense stayed in control. It wasn't that I was worried that Beth would be embarrassed or anything like that because I saw my cousin fucking her. My real concern was that it might lead to some difficult questions about whether or not I was letting him fuck me as well. I wasn't very good at lying to Beth - she knew me too well to even try!
Once Beth had her face cleaned off she took out some lipstick and powder from her purse and made some quick adjustments in the mirror. I couldn't help but smile as I noticed she STILL hadn't bothered covering up her boobs. Well, if I had boobs like hers, I would be showing them off as much as possible as well.
Finally, Beth stood up and straightened out her dress and pulled the top back up and over her beautiful boobs. She had to know Rick was watching her every move, which was probably why she made such a show over it. As she made her way out the room, she patted Rick's crotch like someone would pet their puppy when it was being good.
"You know Rick, anytime you want to fuck me, all you gotta do is ask," she murmured with a naughty grin on her face.
A smile came to my face as I realized she had taken the words right out of my mouth. Yep, my cousin could fuck me anytime he wanted as well! With that she left and as soon as Rick was sure she was gone, he motioned for me to come out.
"Well, what did ya think?" he asked, sounding more like a little boy seeking approval from his mommy.
"Hmmmm, not bad I guess. I just want to know why you didn't fuck me instead of her," I said, pretending to be a little upset with him, although maybe not pretending as much as I first thought.
"C'mon Kelly, gimme a break," he begged, "It's not like we've been doing it for that long, you know."
"Oh really? And just how long have you been screwing my best friend?"
Rick hesitated, as if he was afraid to answer. Then he finally responded in a low voice saying, "Ummmmm, a while."
Damn! How had Beth kept this from me all that time? That little slut!
"Well, just so you know, I expect to get it more than her from now on - understood?"
Rick just grinned stupidly. I suppose any eighteen year-old boy would do the same if his older cousin was insisting that he fuck her more than her best friend. Heck, I think he would be more than happy just being able to fuck me period! To be perfectly honest, it wasn't his enjoyment that I was concerned about anyway - I wanted it just as much as he did.
Chapter 4 - Beth Invites Me to Another Party
============================================
As much as I was tempted to give him a quickie BJ, it was getting close to the start of the church service. We had to get moving if we were going to meet our families in time to sit together. Our parents were waiting, rather impatiently I might add, outside the sanctuary when we showed up and without a word they turned and let the usher seat us in our usual pew. I was at the end with my mom next to me so when leaned over to whisper in my ear, it would have been hard for anyone to overhear her.
"What's with you two anyway? Rick's got that smile on his face and you're all flushed." She hesitated and then looked me in the eyes and continued, "Oh for crying out loud, were you two just fooling around?"
I couldn't help but giggle just a little and then I turned to her to answer, "Not me... but you'll never guess who was."
My mom looked me in the eyes with curiosity. Trying to keep quiet as the service was about to start, she gestured as if to say, "Well, then spill it girl!"
Just then Beth and her family were coming down the aisle and I rolled my eyes in the direction of Beth. My mom's mouth dropped openly momentarily before she caught herself and regained her composure.
"Really?" she whispered in a barely audible tone.
I just nodded and smiled as Beth passed by us and our eyes met. There was a twinkle in her eyes and I felt a little twinge in my pussy again as I could only imagine how good her freshly fucked pussy must be feeling about now. Without any panties, I wondered if any of Rick's cum was going to drip down her legs. God, I could only imagine what people would say then!
Beth and her parents took a seat further down so my eyes switched to my cousin's crotch and it took all the willpower I had not to reach over and unzip his dress pants, pulling his dick out and sucking him right in the pew in front of everyone! God I was SO horny now, even more than usual. Yep, THAT would have caused a scene alright! My squirming and crossing of legs must have attracted my mom's attention as she leaned over and whispered in my ear,
"Horny?"
I just smiled at her and licked my lips just enough to let her know she was right on the mark. As our praise team took over and the sound level rose, and I looked around, wondering what people would think if they had any idea at all what my thoughts were at that moment!
Over the next hour or so, somehow I made it through the service without playing with myself - or someone else. Afterwards, as we made our way out to the parking lot, I found myself walking next to Beth.
"Hey girl, you're looking really hot this morning," I teased her, "Hmmmmmm, if I didn't know better I'd say someone got laid this morning."
Beth giggled and that twinkle reappeared in her eyes.
"Well, you never know..."
"Oh my god, you DID get laid, didn't you," I gasped, as if I had no idea what had happened earlier. "Who was it?"
Beth just smiled and didn't say a word, obviously she had no intention of telling me so I let it drop. Then just as quickly, she looked around to be sure nobody was nearby and then turned to me and whispered in a conspiratorial tone.
"Hey Kelly, there's a party Wednesday night - wanna come?"
Well, at least I didn't have to ask what KIND of party it as, With Beth, there was only one kind - one of her group sex parties.
"Nawwwwww, I don't think so," I said, trying to worm my way out of it.
"Oh come on Kelly, don't be such a spoil-sport all the time, loosen up and have some fun!"
I knew it was hopeless to talk her out of it so I just shrugged and we were on for Wednesday night. We hugged and I got in the car with my mom.
"Well, did she say anything?" my mom inquired.
I spent the rest of the short trip home telling her as much as I could remember. She just kept shaking her head as I went on.
"I should have known something was up when he squeezed my ass," she said with a hint of a laugh.
We let it go at that but I imagined she told her sister about it before the day was over. Given the two of the shared about everything - including a husband and a daughter, this wasn't something to keep secret.
Now as much as I try to claim that I don't really get off from Beth's parties, I have to admit I was horny as hell for the next three days waiting for it. It was like I crossed the lone and decided to go for it, everything took on a different context. God, I must have masturbated a dozen times, not to mention almost attacking my dad when he got home from his trip Monday night (not that he minded!). Thus by the time Beth picked me up Wednesday night I had worked myself up to such a state that I think just about anything would be OK with me this time.
Chapter 5 - The Party Gets Started With an Initiation
=====================================================
This was going to be my third party for the summer. While that seemed a lot to me, I knew Beth sometimes did three in just one WEEK! In any case, I knew what to wear - and what not to. Actually it was pretty obvious when you thought about it as the idea of the party was to have sex and everyone there knew it. Thus there was no need for underwear and such since it was just going to come off right away anyway. In fact, this time the only thing I was wearing was a short skimpy sundress. It was pale yellow and fairly transparent, letting my nipples show through plainly. With the sun behind me it didn't leave a lot to the imagination, that's for sure. Even in normal light, if I had not been shaved you could have seen the darkness of my pussy through the fabric as well.
Beth was dressed almost as simply, but in her case she had on a pair of denim shorts and a super-tight tank top she grew out of years ago but showed her boobs off nicely.
We arrived at a house which was considerably smaller than the ones we had gone to in the past. I was curious to find out how they were going to deal with it as I suspected there wasn't a large family room or even a dining room for people to spread out.
That pretty much left just bedrooms which was unusual since one of the cardinal rules in the past was that all sex had to take place in a public area of the house. That was as much for personal safety as anything else. Even everyone was supposed to know the rules, sometimes people can get carried away when the sex gets heavy and nobody wanted any problems.
We must have been the last to arrive because as soon as we came in, the host announced for everyone to gather in the small living room. For a small house I was surprised at the size of the group. I quickly counted up the people and found there to be a total of twenty - ten girls and ten guys of course, balanced as always. That is, from a chromosome standpoint as you never knew about the actual sexual orientations.
As I learned so vividly my first time at one of these parties, whenever someone was attending for the first time there was a surprise waiting for them - an initiation. It wasn't really all that bad, especially when you took into account WHY people were there. Basically, the person had to let the host (or hostess if it was a guy) fuck them in front of everyone else.
I can still remember my own initiation vividly. Beth hadn't given me a clue what was going to happen and my initial reaction was a bit panicky. The host was great, though, and had me suck his dick for a while after which he drilled me like an oil rig right in the center of the living room. At first I was a bit apprehensive, from the surprise I think more than anything. Once I got into it, I found I truly enjoyed it, especially the audience aspect of it.
Most of the parties I had attended didn't have anyone new and in the ones where there WAS an initiation, it had always been a girl. Thus it was a pleasant change of pace to learn that tonight the newcomer was a guy! At first it seemed a little odd and it was then I realized how conditioned I was with regards to the roles our culture assigns to us. For instance, when a girl was new and thus effectively was "dominated" by the host, effectively she submitted herself to him for his pleasure and the enjoyment of the rest of the group.
Now THAT seemed "normal" to me, based on the cultural norms I was raised in. Now that the shoe was on the other foot, though, it seemed awkward having the guy submit to the hostess. It made me think as I watched, that why it is a turn-on for most people to see a girl give herself to a guy yet when a guy does it to a girl we consider him weak, kinky or even "pussy-whipped"?
In the end, I guess it didn't really matter as far as I was concerned, at least. It was funny to see the look on his face when he was informed of what was about to happen. Most people come to these parties for the first time nervous enough as it is. Then to find out the first order of business is to be publicly fucked, well, that is almost too much for a few of them to handle.
This guy appeared ready to bolt until the girl who brought him (his girlfriend?) convinced him it was OK. What was he thinking anyway when he came, that we would serve tea and chat about politics?
Knowing everyone enjoyed the initiations but at the same time, were anxious to get things rolling themselves, the hostess and new guy quickly stripped naked. The typical thing to start out with would have been a blowjob but in the case it was the guy getting initiated so she made him eat her pussy to get things rolling. Someone tossed her a pillow and she laid on the carpet in the middle of the room with the pillow under her ass, making her pussy elevate up and easy for everyone to watch and evaluate his pussy licking skills.
I wasn't holding my breath for anything spectacular. One of the reasons I don't push much to have a guy lick me is the general poor quality of pussy eating skills that most guys have. Oh sure, EVERY guy thinks he is God's gift to women when he starts in between her thighs but I guess that is our fault as women in that we allow them to think that. Truth is, I would rather masturbate than have the average guy lick me.
Now girls are a different story but that's to be expected. After all, a girl knows what a girl wants. It's for that very reason I have never understood why guys don't like to suck dick. After all, they must certainly understand better what feels good and I would think the typical guy could suck another guy off far better than most girls can. Oh well, I guess that will remain a mystery for me.
The new guy seemed to be average and I had to give the hostess an Academy Award for her performance. Things picked up when he moved up on top of her and kneeled between her legs, pulling her feet up and over his shoulders so her pussy was lined up with his dick. He had his arms around her legs as he fucked her and the harder he pumped the more he seemed to be able to ignore the audience around him. He had a decent sized dick and the hostess seemed to be enjoying it.
I found myself watching his girlfriend almost as much as I did the couple on the floor. It wouldn't be the first time someone decided to bring their boyfriend or girlfriend along with, thinking just because they enjoyed the group scene that swinging with their partner would be fun as well. Usually it worked out but I knew of several cases where seeing their partner being fucked by numerous other people - and enjoying it, was too much for their egos. It seemed sort of hypocritical to me. After all, it was OK for them to be fucked a dozen times over so why not their partner?
It only took him about five minutes or so of steady fucking before he was cumming. He pulled out just before and sprayed a line of cum that reached from her chin to her navel with the first shot! I had to give him credit for range, if nothing else! The next couple of shots landed on her boobs and stomach with the remainder sort of dropping out onto her hairy pussy.
Laying on her back still, covered with the new guy's cum, the hostess announced the party was ready to start and so everyone jockeyed for their initial positions - literally. I had been curious earlier about how so many people would fit and indeed, in this case they spread out to all the different rooms of the house. Normally I didn't see much of the homes other than the living rooms, family rooms and dining areas.
Chapter 6 - Having Fun at the Party
===================================
I found it interesting that the house had a couple of rooms that were obviously for the kids of the hosts. I hadn't noticed them wearing a ring before but I guess that didn't mean anything when it came to children. There were some family pics hanging around and from the looks of it, their kids were still quite young, a boy who looked to be around eight and a girl I was guessing at around five. No wonder they were out for the night - WAY too young for me to get involved with them. Over half the people stayed in the living room, though, and with the limited space tonight it turned into more like an orgy scene than normal. Usually the parties had groups of anywhere between two and five people, fucking and then splitting off to form new groups.
Tonight I found myself in a group of sixteen and it appeared the intent of everyone was to stick together as one group, at least for the time being. I wasn't too sure how this was going to play out but I figured what the heck - why not try? Looking around, I noticed that Beth had disappeared so I figured she must have gone to a more "private" setting. It surprised me a bit as I would have expected Beth to be drawn to this like a bear to honey.
I found it interesting that nobody actually said anything yet we all started to undress as if an unspoken command had been issued. For me it was simple, I just pulled my sundress up and over my head, and hung it up over a hook in the entryway. When I returned to the living room, everyone as nude or almost there and a few of the guys were already well on their way to a full erection.
The guys ranged in size but nobody seemed to be extraordinarily large - or small for that matter. The typical size seemed to be around five or six inches with a couple looking maybe to grow into the six or seven inch range. Overall, most of them were not bad looking although one of them I had to wonder how he managed to get in with the scruffy beard and generally unsavory looks.
As for the girls, well what more can I say than they were all sexy as hell. There's no more of an even playing field than standing in a room naked alongside seven other women. No clothes to hide behind, just your nude body on display for everyone to see and criticize. (Face it, we all do it. The only reason most women watch Miss America is to put down the contestants). Most of us were shaved totally with a couple of "landing strips" here and there. The remaining ones were on the hairy side but still neatly trimmed so they didn't look like something was nesting between their legs.
My boobs were probably in the mid-range of those on display, not the biggest by a long shot but still respectable when compared to a few smaller girls. My final assessment was that as a group the girls were a LOT hotter than the guys!
What exactly happened the next hour or so I can't really say. It seems like everything is a bit of a blur when I look back on it, sort of like trying to remember a dream just after you wake up. Snips and pieces of it are in my memory but try to put it all together into a coherent timeline and... well, just forget it. The best thing I can compare it to was that it was like living out a wild orgy scenes from one of my dad's all-time favorite porn movies - Taboo.
One that that made the orgy scene different from most groups I have been with was that I don't think any of the guys fucked me for more than a few minutes at a time before the next one moved in to replace him. Note that I literally meant it when I said "move in" in that one guy would pull out and as quickly as possible the next one would replace his dick in my pussy. What made it more interesting was that each guy wanted me in a different way - doggy, missionary, cowgirl, etc. It was definitely a guy thing, with the men calling the shots and the women doing whatever they told us to do.
Overall eight guys did me, at least that how many were there. It's hard to know for sure because I know at least a few of them did me more than once. It was also hard to tell all the time who was doing me, especially when I had my head buried in some guy's crotch and the guy fucking me traded off with someone. I know at least two of them came in me and a couple of others came either in my mouth or on me.
As a result, after an hour or so I was a complete wreck. I could feel the clots of dried cum in my hair and my body was literally covered with sweat and cum. The vast majority of my time was spent with the men although a couple of pussies appeared in front of me at times, one of them covered with cum. Lord only knows who it belonged to but it tasted pretty good, which is what counts, especially being mixed in with her pussy wetness.
It must have been well over an hour by now since things got rolling and I was already exhausted. You had to give the guys credit as I knew at least of couple of them had cum twice and they STILL managed to get it up again. Under normal circumstances I can almost always outlast a guy but today was anything but normal.
I was on my hands and knees, rocking back and forth such that my ass would meet up with the crotch of the guy behind me as he fucked me. I could feel his hands on my hips, helping to rock me back and forth in sync with his thrusts. My head was dropped and my eyes closed as I concentrated on the feeling of his hard dick in my pussy.
God, even after over an hour of almost non-stop fucking, it still craved more! It felt so wonderful to feel him pushing himself into me, filling my messy cunt with his dick. This guy was one of the bigger ones and I could feel his dick pushing up even higher into me than the last guy, stretching me apart and drilling deep into me.
"How's it going girl?"
Well, someone was speaking to me so it was only polite that I raise my head and open my eyes for her. As it turned out, I banged my head into her boobs instead.
"Hey, I know you want my boobs but watch it girl!" she chuckled at me.
My eyes focused and I saw it was Beth kneeling in front of me. She was nude, needless to say, and had that "I've just been fucked" air about her (and smell!). I grinned at her as I continued to rock forward and backwards.
"Damn, looks like you guys have quite a thing going here," she marveled, "I don't suppose you would be up for something more... say something more intimate?"
It was hard enough just to breath let alone try to respond in any verbal way so I just nodded my head at her.
"Hey buddy, you ready to cum yet or what?" Beth asked the guy fucking me from behind.
"Almost there!" he grunted almost unintelligibly, "God damn it, I'm not stopping now."
Just then I felt him pull out of me and he groaned loudly as I felt his cum splattering all over my bare ass and lower back. Damn, another wonderful mess to clean up. I suppose at this point it really didn't matter given the filthy state I was in but it was the principle of the matter. Why in the world would a guy want to cum on my body when I was more than willing to let him shoot himself off in my pussy or mouth? Heck, in this case I couldn't even SEE the results, let alone taste them or carry them away inside of me. What a waste of perfectly good cum!
He didn't hand around once he shot his load and Beth pulled me up to my feet as soon as he had finished.
"C'mon, he's done so let's go back to the bedroom and have some REAL fun."
Chapter 7 - Nothing But Pussies
===============================
I followed her down the hallway to what appeared to be a girl's room based on the way it was decorated. Inside on the bed I saw two other girls, including the hostess who had been fucked by the new guy at what seemed to be ages ago.
"Sorry, girls only!" Beth said to a guy trying to make his way in from the hallway along with us.
She closed the door behind us and I had a feeling right off that this was going to be something different, something VERY different. If I was with three other guys, that wasn't hardly worth writing home about but three girls? Now THAT was a different story entirely.
The two girls were in a 69 when we came in, with one on top and the other directly over her. They both looked up from the pussy they were licking to see who it was and once they recognized Beth, they went back to their mutual pussy licking. I wondered if Beth had made it a threesome earlier but she didn't say anything and I wasn't asking.
"You know, I've been craving your sweet cunt from the moment I picked you up tonight," Beth whispered in my ear.
I felt her lips on my earlobe and then her tongue explored, kissing my ear and running her tongue all over my smooth neck and the side of my face.
"God, you smell so nasty!" she giggled, "Mmmmmm, let me guess... Scent de' Whore'? What do you think?"
I just grinned at her lame sense of humor. Beth may have a great body and be one hell of a fine fuck, but when it came to academics and humor, let's just say she's "challenged". Oh well, when you have a body like hers, who needs to be smart?
I closed my eyes and just stood there naked in the middle of the room as Beth began her magic on me. I loved the way her fingers felt as they ran through my hair, pulling on it a bit when they encountered a clot of sperm that had found its way there. She was in back of me, at first pulling my hair aside so she could kiss my neck and running her hands all over my bare back, until she was low enough to fondle my little ass. Gradually her hands worked their way around me, cupping my boobs and gently pinching my sensitive nipples, causing me to quiver slightly as tingles ran through me like small electric shocks.
"God Kelly, you feel so good," she murmured in my ear, "So warm and soft... I LOVE touching you this way."
That was fine with me; in fact, she could have touched me that way for the rest of the night! Gradually she maneuvered me over to the bed, where she pushed me backwards into it such that I was sitting on the edge, away from the girls who were still at it in their 69 position. Beth knelt between my legs and I could feel her as I watched her hands work their way from my knees to my beckoning crotch, gently caressing the sensitive inner sides of my thighs.
Looking down at her, Beth was looking up at me and our brown eyes met and we both knew what was about to happen. Other than my mom, nobody could lick my pussy better than Beth and on a good day, she might even be a little better.
"Lick me... please," I said softly to her.
Beth was more than ready by now and she plunged her head into my crotch, taking my pussy in her mouth and running her tongue up and down my pussy slit. Using her fingers to spread my pussy apart, she used the tip of her tongue to tease my clit, running around in tight little circles and then just lapping up and down like a cat licking itself. Periodically she would dip down and gently grab my clit between her lips, massaging it with her mouth until I was writhing with pleasure. My legs were shaking so bad that it was a good thing I was sitting down on the bed or I would have fallen down.
"Oh Beth... Oh Beth," was all I could say, repeating it over and over between my moans of pleasure.
I wanted to tell her how wonderful she was making feel, how incredible her tongue felt on me, how beautiful and sexy she looked with her head lodged between my thighs and her hair spread out over my legs. She was absolutely stunning with her face covered with my pussy juices and her nude body kneeling in front of me. I wanted to run my hands over her spectacular naked figure, over her bare back and tight ass.
Yes, there were lots of things I wanted to say and do but instead it seemed all I could do was lay back on the bed and watch my best friend lick my pussy, driving me to one orgasm after another. Her face was drenched with my pussy cum but she certainly didn't seem to mind as she kept her face on me, almost relentlessly as she never gave me a break. Finally I just collapsed, my arms to my side and my head against the back of the bed, unable to move or even say anything.
"Looks like someone's feeling good!" Beth said, raising her head from my crotch finally. My clit throbbed like a drum beating. For such a little thing it felt like my entire body was under its control and all I could do was lay still and let it do whatever it wanted.
Beth moved up on the bed next to me and draped her leg over me, rubbing her pussy up against my upper thigh, almost like a dog humping me but slower and more deliberate. I could smell my pussy on her face as she nuzzled up to my neck, kissing me gently and licking my ear. Her hand roamed over my bare body, making goose bumps rise all over me as her fingers teased my nipples and her hands massaged my boobs.
"Mmmmmm, you feel so good," she murmured, "Oh God, you are SO beautiful Kelly."
Gradually I caught my breath and was able to respond to her. Turning towards her, we embraced and I felt her larger boobs pressing against mine. Her nude body felt so warm and smooth against mine. Guys feel so cold and hard when they lay next to me but having Beth was entirely different, she felt like a comfortable warm blanket against me.
"I love you Beth," I whispered to her.
Meanwhile, there were two other girls in the bed with us although with all that Beth had been doing to me I had totally tuned them out until now. As Beth rested her head on my shoulder, pressing her body up tight against me, I looked over at the other side of bed to see what had been going on over there. Needless to say, they weren't exchanging recipes! The two were still in your basic 69, laying on their sides with their upper legs lifted up and over the other's head. At first it didn't seem like they were even moving but then I saw one of their heads re-positioning.
"Wanna join them?"
Beth's voice broke me from my steady gazing at the other girls. Actually, I hadn't even thought about doing such a thing as it felt perfect just having Beth in my arms. Yet once she mentioned it, it seemed like the natural thing to do. I mean, I could be with Beth most anytime but how often do I get the chance to be with a couple of other hot girls I had never met before? The two of us kissed briefly and then we got up and moved more onto the bed.
"Mind if we join in?" Beth asked.
The two of them rolled in opposite directions such that they were on their backs. The smiles on their faces said more than anything else they could. Beth and I looked at each other. She had a nasty grin on her face and I knew she was ready to go so I just nodded to her and we made our moves. She took one girl while I took the other. We each climbed over our girl and without much fanfare, just went down on her while our pussies hovered over their faces.
My girl was shaved around her pussy lips while keeping a large triangle of hair above it, trimmed down to maybe a quarter to half an inch. Her pussy was wet from being licked by the other girl and her clit was enlarged. When I touched it with my tongue I felt her body tense under me and I knew she was pretty horny. Then I felt her mouth move up against my pussy and her tongue explore me. She was rather simple, just lapping her tongue up and down my slit like a puppy dog was licking me.
Turning me head slightly, I could see Beth's head buried in the crotch of her new partner. For a minute I felt a pang of jealousy, wishing it was her tongue on me again. It wasn't exactly a bad situation, though, as I drew in a deep breath and savored the aroma of her dripping cunt. Some girls don't keep themselves as clean as they should but she was obviously not one of those as her pussy smelled like heaven! It also reminded me of my cousin Kristi, who always seemed to have a great smelling cunt.
For the next half hour or so, we played around on the bed. We finished in a circle, each licking the girl in front of her. Honestly, I enjoyed it but it wasn't the most thrilling thing for me. For me, being with a girl is so much more intimate, that it isn't the same when it's with a stranger. I mean, being fucked by a guy, any guy, is enjoyable at the very least and I don't even care sometimes if I see his face or not. But when I'm with a girl, I like to know about her, be more personal with her. So when we were done, I was feeling pretty good physically but something was missing emotionally.
Beth and I left to find out clothes. A few people had left but most of them were still going at it. I had never stayed at one of these to the end so I had no idea how long they would keep going. As for me, I was satisfied and ready to go. Somehow I had the feeling from the way Beth was looking at the guys that she wanted more though.
The ride home was pretty quiet. I think both of us were pretty exhausted, physically and mentally. When Beth pulled into our driveway, she leaned over and we kissed goodbye.
I waved her goodbye as she drove off and went back in the house. It was pretty late but my mom was still up. It seems no matter how old I get, mom still worries about me. Oh well, that's why I love her so much. My dad was sleeping in his chair, snoring a bit. The two of us went up to the kitchen and sat at the table while I told her about the night's events.
As I told her, it seemed almost impossible I'd just done what I was describing. I could only imagine my dad's reactions when he learned about everything in the morning!
THE END