All persons in this story are at least 18 years old.
*****
Kammie is my wife and she is amazing. She looks like she just stepped out of the pages of a magazine and there is no doubt I am a lucky man. When we were first married we were like most couples and short on money but we got by. One day she informed me that she needed some new bras. This wasn't a want but an actual need. Kammie had large breasts, 36DD to be exact. Again we were low on cash but I did have a credit card to a major chain store. So off we went to bra shop, a first for me. We arrived at the mall and went to the store I had the card for.
Kammie and I found our way to the women's department which was in a corner of the store close to the young men's department. As we walked that way, I noticed two high school boys looking at Kammie. She had worn a button up blouse with jeans and sneakers. Nothing out of the ordinary, but she still looked youthful, energetic and sexy. Her jeans weren't tight but they still hugged her hips nicely. The boys were too busy looking at her pass by to notice me glaring their way or they just didn't care.
Kammie and I soon found the women's lingerie and she started looking through the bras. The boys were still within eyesight and were looking at sports T-shirts and jerseys. They kept glancing our way watching Kammie picking out her selections. She wasn't really picking out anything to be sexy as these bras were for everyday use. The sexiest one I saw her choose was white and lacy. Now we were off to the dressing room.
The store had it set up where the dressing rooms were in the center of the two departments with one entrance and a row of doors on each side facing each other. The doors opened to where a person could peek around them and look out into the store. There was a large mirror at the end of the dressing room hallway. Kammie went in one of the dressing rooms with the bras to try them on.
Nothing at this point had been unusual in our day or Kammie's attitude. I hung out near the entrance to the dressing rooms and kept a watchful eye on Kammie's admirers. They had moved to the edge of the young men's department and positioned themselves to look down the row of dressing room doors. Kammie had went in one of the dressing rooms on the left side near the large mirror. There wasn't anyone else in any of the other dressing rooms.
"Can you come here?" Kammie called to me. I went to her dressing room door.
"What is it?" I asked. She opened the door and I poked my head inside. She was topless but still wearing her jeans and sneakers, she looked like a model and I couldn't help but think about the boys lurking nearby and how they would love to see what I was seeing. As long as she stayed in the dressing room she couldn't be seen but if she stepped out even an inch, anyone looking could see her reflection in the mirror at the end of the dressing room hall.
"I need you to put this one back and get me a size 36DD, I picked this one up by mistake." Kammie explained. I told her I'd be right back and noticed the two boys were trying to act like they had not just been looking toward the dressing rooms.
Although they hadn't just seen, they knew for sure now she was trying on bras just on the other side of the door. I pretended not to see them and returned the bra and went back to the dressing room with the correct size she asked for. This time Kammie opened the door and poked her head out with her chest against the door. She was wearing one of the other bras, it was blue but I couldn't tell much more since it was mashed against the door. I handed it to her and she smiled mischievously as she took the other bra from my hand. She pulled the door shut, and as I was now facing the mirror I could see the boys behind me. I know that they had just seen my wife's back with nothing on but the blue bra and blue jeans. I considered going over to them and confronting them. I considered telling Kammie to be more careful. I did neither. Instead I waited to see what happened next.
"Are you close?" she asked.
"Right here." I walked toward her door which was already opening. Before I got to her dressing room, she had the door open and was looking at me in the mirror at the end of the hall. I could see her clearly and I knew the two boys could too. Now she had on the white lacy bra. It was partially sheer and I could easily make out the darker area of her big areolas from behind the lace cups. I could also see the boys and from the looks on their faces I had no doubt they were looking at Kammie in the sheer lace bra too.
I got to her door and was facing her with my back to the mirror and blocking their view of my wife.
"You like it?" she asked.
"It's nice" I told her, "but don't you think it's a little revealing for work?"
Kammie seemed to notice something over my shoulder in the mirror.
She smiled, "I would only wear it under sweaters or dark tops. I might even wear it on special occasions if you wanted me to." she said with a flirty wink.
I had to admit she looked fantastic in it. "Don't go far." she told me. I backed up and moved around the door. She pulled the door closed slowly as she again looked at me in the mirror, her breasts barely hidden in the white laced bra, the boys had moved even closer and I could see them openly staring at my wife.
When I turned around, they were looking away like they weren't just ogling my wife's breasts. It was at this point that I realized how much all this was turning me on. A few minutes passed and she called for me again. I didn't make a rush to the dressing room door this time. I watched it open in the mirror. I wanted to see what she would do and let her set the pace in this little game. I was not sure she even knew the boys were watching.
This bra was pink and not revealing at all.
"Do you like it?" she asked with some doubt in her voice.
I shrugged and said "Sure, it looks fine."
Kammie looked down at it, "I've never had one of these before. It opens and closes in the front."
I could see the clasp between the two massive cups. We were looking at each other in the mirror not face to face. The boys were close enough now, I know she had to see them watching her too.
"Wouldn't that be easier to get on and off?" I asked.
"Probably" she answered looking down at it, "but it might make it more likely to come undone when I didn't want it to...not sure never wore one before. It was a little difficult to put on but I'm not really used to this kind of bra."
I don't know why but I said, "Maybe try taking it off and see if comes undone easily."
So here I was looking at my 20 something wife in a mirror, two teenage boys also watching from a short distance away and I just told her to take off the bra she was wearing. I wasn't sure she would do it. I wasn't positive if she knew about the boys and I didn't know if I really wanted this to happen. Kammie looked at me, raised her eyebrow a little, and said "Well let's see."
She looked down at her bra covered breasts and reached up for the clasp between them on the bra. She hesitated a second then worked the hooks free. I glanced in the mirror and saw the boys watching with their eyes huge and their mouths open. She held the front of the bra closed with just her hands now, still looking down. Kammie raised her eyes. She had to see them now behind me.
Kammie arched her back as she pushed her chest out. She pulled the cups open and slowly exposed her naked tits. Kammie's nipples were hard and stood out at least an inch from each breast. Without turning away, she shrugged her shoulders and the bra fell off behind her. She bent down to pic it up and I glanced at the boys. Their faces were a mix of shock and lust. I am sure that when she walked into the store earlier, they never dreamed they would get to see Kammie's bare tits. My very married wife's naked tits!!
She stood back up and faced the three of us in the mirror. Kammie making no effort to cover her breasts said, "It does come off pretty easy but I think I'll get it anyway."
I could not take my eyes off her bare nipples, knowing that the boys could see them too.
She smiled and said, "I think you have seen enough for now."
She cupped her tits and shook them at me teasingly. Her nipples were still very hard.
"I think THEY have seen enough too." she whispered. She did know they were looking!
Kammie turned side to side giving us a profile view of her teardrop shaped breasts. She then pulled both boobs up by the nipple. She let her left breast free first. It fell and bounced slightly. Then she did the same with her right tit. I was getting dizzy watching her do this while the boys watched. She took both tits in her hands and squeezed them together before bringing them up and licking the tip of each nipple. She again let them go and they bounced. Kammie put her hands on her hips and arched her back as much as she could. She moved slowly side to side and it was like she was pointing at the boys with her erect nipples. Kammie looked right at them as she offered her bare tits to their eyes. I was not sure if she was doing all this for herself, me, or them. She squeezed them together with her arms and made some intense cleavage between her two cherry red nipples. She puckered her lips as she reached for the dressing room door. Kammie let out a soft, cute giggle as she pulled the door closed.
I turned and the boys were now hurriedly leaving. I worried they might go tell the store manager, but I think they thought an angry husband was about to confront them. Neither happened and I waited for Kammie with a million thoughts in my head. I felt a sense of pride, lust, and excitement for my wife that may never be topped. She made her way out of the dressing room, we made our purchase, and went home. It was an amazing night!