(Continued from parts 1 & 2)
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 10 - Surrender begins.
Alex enjoyed working out and doing her most demanding yoga routines for the last time. She was always in the nude, there was no need for clothing now.
She had an exhausting night with several enemas and laxatives to the point where her anus was on fire.
She was fasting for sixteen hours, and now feeling the effects, she knew that she would never swallow or taste anything after the procedure.
She fell onto her soft bed, bouncing, it was to be the last time she could even sit or lie down like a normal human being. She danced to her favorite tunes, rand and did cartwheels in her room. It was her last day of freedom. Her emotions were all over the place: she was nervous about facing the life-changing procedure, sad and angry at what was becoming of her gorgeous body, and at the same time excited at the new future in store for her.
The test fits were finalized, and she was satisfied with her demands for perfection were achieved. Her loins melted like hot butter as she thought of the equipment. How could she be aroused at the abomination she was to be? She would be enslaved for the rest of her life.
The door of her room hissed open.
The professor and his team came in, wheeling the transport pod.
"It's time Dr. Milton," he said solemnly. There was a seriousness in his voice. Alex sighed and got into the glass coffin without any hesitation.
The glass lid was sealed shut and the techs inserted their hands through attached gloves to restrain her. When they were satisfied, she was secure and she had sufficient oxygen, they began the transport.
Alex watched the ceiling, counting the fluorescent lights as they passed, her heart was racing. They soon passed through several decontamination showers and airlocks before entering the massive operating theatre. Her colleagues were waiting.
"Dr. Milton," said the head surgeon as the hairless sexy creature gracefully exited her glass coffin. "Dr. Hastings," she said, shaking his hand and looking about. Several large tanks illuminated by blue light were in the room. Her implants were floating like long alien sea creatures in the bubbling liquid; her designs, were now about to go into her, changing her perfect body forever.
Alex walked towards the nearest tank and gazed at the floating tube. The thought of the infernal thing in her body terrified her. She tried to maintain her poise and composure. She knew all eyes were on her.
Everything was to be permanently bonded to her tissue, to ensure no changing of tubes or maintenance of any sort was ever needed.
"I......... everything is in order," the professor said. She turned to her onlookers, her hands on her hips.
"Exactly as you designed them, trust me," continued the professor.
Alex took a deep breath and said, "In that case gentlemen, let's proceed."
She reclined on the examination chair and was immediately restrained. Alex didn't complain and let it happen. Her legs were spread and strapped to high stirrups exposing her pussy and anus. Two nurses restrained her head while the large slimy 3 mm wide feeding tubes (NJ and NG) were threaded down each nostril. It was pure agony as the bio-plastic polymer tubes began to bond with her tissue irreversibly. She screamed in pain and lost consciousness.
The team was quick to begin work on her urethra. The 5mm catheter with built-in electro-stimulators, went in swiftly and the balloon inflated within her bladder. Within a few seconds, the searing pain kicked in, and Alex struggled semi-conscious. The team administered an anesthetic gas.
While their charge was unconscious, they inserted the massive vaginal implant. Two inches in diameter at its widest and with an overall length of 15 inches, it reached right past her cervix into her uterus. It was hollow to allow flushing and was built as two concentric tubes, to allow relative motion. The inner shaft was ribbed with inflatable rings and covered in dozens of bumps and spikes. The transparent material showed dozens upon dozens of electrical contacts, motors, and tiny balloons which would stimulate its host in ways no human penis could ever accomplish. The base was curved to bond perfectly with the girl's inner lips, dangling on either side, leaving electrical wires, pneumatic lines, and the large central flushing line and urinary catheter hanging between her legs.
Alex woke up an hour later. She was on a table in a fetal position, lying on her left. Her pussy felt sore, and her belly bloated. She squirmed in discomfort and tried to get up.
"Relax Alexandria don't move. You are doing great." It was the professor saying, "We are just checking your colon."
He pointed to a monitor. Alex watched as the endoscope was gradually pulled out of her colon. It dawned on her that it was the last time she would see or feel her plumbing in its natural form. The endoscope had an umbrella-like attachment that scraped all mucus from her colon walls as it was pulled out. A nurse quickly wiped the disgusting slime away and inserted a lubricated finger.
"Relax your sphincter," whispered a nurse, soothingly.
"We are ready for the rectal implant," she heard someone else say.
"Mm.......," she moaned as the cold wet tip of the three-foot-long 1 -inch diameter tube pushed against her sphincter. The massive tube was needed as her body would consume large quantities of food continuously during hyper orgasm.
"Relax, Alexandria, would you like some Oxygen?" asked the professor. She nodded; gloved hands swiftly strapped a mask to her face. Alex breathed deeply, holding the mask.
It was a tough ordeal as the ice-cold ribbed tube moved up her colon, fighting for space within her vaginal implant. The tube reached a diameter of 3 inches in some places. The last 10 inches were formed into a massive penis with dozens upon dozens of vibrating servos and electrical contacts, the very end was a cone, three inches in diameter.
Alex squirmed and moaned as the intruder was forced in. A nurse constantly wiped the lubricant off her vagina. This made her extremely horny, and she began to shamelessly fondle her breasts while her hand moved between her legs. "Now, now young lady, there will be plenty of time for that later," said the professor. "I., I'm sorry" she whimpered. The nurses tried to comfort her by caressing her buttocks and bald head.
The last stage was the toughest; "Push my child....... Push against it.... that's it," encouraged the professor.
Alex sighed with relief "AAAH", as the end of the tube plopped into her rectum and her rosy sphincter settled into the groove around the tube.
"Silicone injection please," said the head surgeon, and a nurse handed over a massive syringe with a thin tube which he screwed into a small port protruding from her anal tube.
"Wait!" exclaimed the young scientist.
"Let me do it, give me the syringe," she said.
Somehow the invasion of her bowels and rectum meant more to her than her reproductive system. Alex didn't see the shock in the face of the surgeon and the team, the professor nodded.
Alex held the syringe for a few seconds. She had already begun to feel the heat deep in her bowels. She had to act fast. Lying in her fetal position surrounded by the professor's team, she pushed the plunger with all her might. Alex felt the rings inflating along the tube deep inside her, moving outward until she felt her rectum expand. The head surgeon took the syringe from her for the final push, "AAARH!" She felt as if her rectum was about to explode. The team immediately put her out, they knew she wouldn't be able to bear the heat of the bonding process.
The team moved the girl's limp body to an "X" shaped frame and secured her with a complex array of clamps and straps, mostly screwed on. They couldn't help admiring how brave she had been so far. Some felt pity for her plight. They had destroyed a beautiful and brilliant human being.
Alex came to as a fast-rotating brush was cleaning her gums. Her mouth was clamped wide open. Her dentures had been removed. She struggled a bit but soon remembered what was happening. The final implant of the day was her oral stimulator and breathing tube.
The doctor removed the clamp and Alex flexed her jaw. As her dentures had been removed. It was hard to talk.
"Dr. Milton, we are ready to insert the breathing and oral stimulation device," said Dr. Hastings.
Alex looked for the professor, he was near her and placed a hand on her forehead. "Any last words?"
She took a deep breath and said,
"I hope you'll stick to your side of the bargain professor and take good care of me."
"I will Alexandria, I promise, we all promise."
She nodded and smacked her lips for the last time. The expander went in again stretching her mouth open. An aesthetic was injected into her neck, and another was sprayed to the back of her throat.
The breathing tube was long enough to reach deep into her lungs. Its lower end was a blunt "V" which, when installed would expand into each lung in the shape of an inverted "Y" The measurements were precise. The plan was that Alex would breathe Oxygen while out of her tank, and once sealed in, she was to transition to a liquid breathing system, which allowed the mucus in her lungs to be flushed out with the liquid.
They had only one shot at this. Any wrong move and the device would bond incorrectly.
The top end was in the shape of a large inverted human penis and the very end was an inflatable balloon which when set would fill her entire oral cavity. The implant was riddled with inflatable rings, vibrators, and electrical stimulators. Alex had to remain conscious till the very end as she was required to insert her tongue into a special slot. She never liked oral sex. She found it degrading. But now she will have no say in the matter. Once bonded, the tube will not only feed her life-giving oxygen, but throat fuck her without respite for the rest of her days.
It was pure agony and she gagged violently as the huge cold tube passed the back of her throat.
"Swallow Alex, just like we practiced," murmured a nurse next to her ear.
Tears jumped out of her eyes as the surgeon forced the tube. A Tech was checking the progress with an ultrasound probe. She bucked and strained under her restraints, her muscles rigid. Everyone joined in to comfort the young scientist as she struggled through the ordeal.
Her throat bulged as the phallus part entered. Alex knew what to do and made sure her tongue slid into the slot. It felt like her mouth was filled with a cold jellyfish. The surgeon then attached a syringe full of silicone compound just like the one used to expand her anal tube. As he depressed the syringe the breathing tube expanded in a "Y" to each lung. It was like nothing she had experienced before. The bonding process started immediately.
Alex closed her eyes and clenched her fists as she felt the tubes extending into her lungs while she felt heat rising in her chest unbearably, she was put out before she felt the full extent of heat and pain of bonding.
She was left restrained on the frame. Her life support unit was hooked up and so were all the wires and tubes for her most intimate areas. Her breathing, feeding, urination, and defection, in short, her very existence were now under the control of the professor and his team. One flick of a switch and the girl would starve of oxygen and be dead in minutes.
Temporary brain activity monitors were attached to her scalp and so were nipple and clitoral stimulators.
While she was unconscious, the team installed a transparent body harness to keep all her devices securely in place. The top part cradled her breasts from below like a transparent half bra with almost invisible straps clipping onto a transparent collar around her neck, the bottom part was shaped like a high-cut open-crotch bikini bottom. The hip straps looped high over her pelvic bones and split at her crotch leaving her clit and vulva exposed. The tight harness pushed out her vulva making her womanhood puff out prominently before merging into a thin strip between her vagina and rectum, then splitting almost instantly to go around her anal tube and joining the hip straps again at the small of her back in a tiny "V". The harness spread the girl's buttocks a quarter of an inch or so apart with "Butterfly Wing" extensions beside her anal tube to prevent it from chaffing her skin.
The material was a special breathable transparent polymer. The whole ensemble served to accentuate her curves even more.
The team observed the sleeping beauty in all her glory. They sighed in relief as the first flow of brown faces was observed moving down her anal tube.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 11 - Day One of a new life
Alex woke up 48 hours later. The cacophony of "BEEP....... BEEPs "of her numerous vital monitors along with the hissing of her ventilator seemed deafening.
Her head felt heavy after being secured lower than her heart for so long. Her vision was blurred. Slowly she began to be more aware of her body and surroundings. She felt sore in all her orifices, the need to take a s#$it was unbearable. A nurse was applying lip balm on her cracked lips. Her throat was sore and stretched. She tried to swallow, but nothing happened.
The room was full of people. The professor was seated next to her gently caressing her bald head. Others were standing around while still more were busy adjusting her equipment and hurrying about. Little by little her vision became clearer.
Alex struggled in her bonds, she gagged and tried to breathe.
"Relax my child, calm down...the procedure is a success," said the professor. She gagged, struggling to breathe.
"Shh... Alexandria.... don't fight it. Let the machine breathe for you. See....look at the diaphragm," he pointed to the ventilator on her right. She slowly began to remember where she was and what had been done to her.
He placed his hand on her bosom and indicated to a tech who shut off the ventilator. Alex was left with empty lungs.
."Now, on the count of three. One...two.... three"
"HISS"
Her lungs filled up. Alex felt relief.
"There you go! Once your lungs are paralyzed from the brain implants, we won't have an issue. But you'll have some difficulties till then," said the professor while gently caressing her breasts.
Alex tried to make a sound, but nothing came out. How could it be with the breathing tube bonded to her tissue from the mouth down to her lungs?
The other scientists, her captors, and also her colleagues didn't say much. They were speechless at what they had done to such an incredible human being.
"We'll release you from your bonds tomorrow so you can get accustomed to your new attachments. It won't be easy, but you knew it from the beginning. We are leaving now. See you tomorrow Dr. Milton."
The professor's business-like air didn't hide the fact that he too was emotional.
Alex kept still, looking straight at the plain white ceiling. The deed was done, a single tear ran from the corner of her eyes. The professor looked back at his test subject, she had become much more, she was his protégé, the daughter he never had.
He gazed at the stunning naked female form, naked, stretched, and spread in all its glory. Her firm upright breasts pointed to the ceiling, chest heaving up and down with each hiss of the machine, electrodes, and vacuum stimulators sucking at the engorged nipples.
Her slim waist and smooth hard abs shone under the floodlights; He could just make out the silhouette of the massive member deep inside her vagina. Her legs were spread wide apart with her knees in the air. Her womanhood stood violated and exposed, shining with moisture. She was looking up, oblivious to his gaze. What must she be feeling? Her life was over. There was no going back now. Even if he chose not to proceed, what had been done couldn't be undone, she would have only a few years of torturous life attached to the machines.
Alex remained restrained and silent, gazing at the blank ceiling. All her bodily functions were beyond her control. The hissing of the ventilator was her constant companion. Doctors, Techs, and Nurses came and went. Checking on her, reading the displays, and studying data. Two male techs came in late in the afternoon and worked on her most intimate regions, plugging in twelve thin wires into her outer labia piercings. Alex squirmed but none of them took notice. She didn't see who it was, but she knew what must be happening. They next installed her clitoral stimulation unit, a tiny vacuum-sucking device with a built-in electrical probe that plugged into her clitoral piercing. She shuddered as the vacuum was first applied.
Later in the day, Amanda, the facility's physiotherapist arrived. Alex knew her from before as she had helped her with persistent back pain. They had a good relationship and Alex was happy to have a women's touch.
Alex had explained the procedure and her expectations before going under. Amanda was horrified at first.
"It's for the greater good of mankind, as a Scientist, it's an opportunity of a lifetime," she had said casually.
She unclamped each limb individually, bending, stretching, and massaging them. Alex felt the massive vaginal implant inside her as her legs were folded towards her body. It was a strange feeling. Alex recalled how they used to chat, but now she was silent, and the therapist avoided her gaze. After the session, she spoke,
"Everything seems to be OK. We can practice walking tomorrow."
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 12 - The Mirror
The next morning, she was greeted by her personal caregiving team.
There was no shortage of applicants who wanted to be assistants to the gorgeous and charismatic Dr. Alexandria Milton.
She had hand-picked them and over the months they had been trained to manage the situation. It was at the very last stages did she revealed that she was to be the Oracle. They were horrified at first but accepted her fate as she had done in the end.
"You'll be my lifeline once the procedure is done," she had spoken to them the day before she went under.
They adored her and pledged to take care of her for life.
The techs made quick work of her head, neck, arms, and upper body restraints. Two techs held her arms tight and pulled her to a sitting position while another held her head steady.
She sat up and looked about as the blood rushed down her head. Alex felt stable enough after a few minutes to allow her legs to be released from the high stirrups and lowered to touch the floor.
The Tech who held her head now adjusted her breathing and feeding tubes behind her back while another took hold of her vaginal and feces tubes, supporting them close to her butt.
They slowly helped her stand up. The last time she stood up, she was a free human being. How her life and body had changed in just 72 hours!
Alex stood supported by the techs for a few minutes trying to regain her balance. A nurse gave her a walker. The techs let go of her and stood back. As her rear umbilical was released, she felt its weight properly for the first time, pulling at her insides.
She quickly regained her balance and, with a few trials found a comfortable posture to stand; Legs spread wide, knees slightly bent, her butt sticking out and chest jutting forward, placing her weight on the walker using her hands. It was quite an obscene pose as if she was about to take a shit or give birth standing.
The feeling was as if she had to use the bathroom. She knew the outer sheath of her tube was fused to the inner walls of her rectum and colon. But her body didn't know it of course and fought to expel the intruder.
A small tablet was clipped onto the walker with an attached pen. Alex quickly scribbled "Mirror".
"Ah the weakness of women....... vanity," said the professor. Alex hadn't noticed him come in.
A large full-length mirror was wheeled in. Alex stood in front of it. The others stepped back getting out of the picture.
She marveled at the sight before her.
She was completely smooth and hairless. Almost like an alien.
Temporary electrodes and wires were stuck onto her scalp like thick rubbery hair. Two tubes entered her tightly plugged nostrils. They were snug with her cheekbones and curved over her ears, disappearing behind her head. She watched with fascination as liquid food flowed into her through the tubes; one tube was pumping something white and watery like milk, while the other was a thicker, brownish feed-like baby formula.
Her mouth was permanently open in an "O". The 1.25-inch diameter breathing tube exited her open mouth into a transparent "T" Joint. Two large transparent corrugated tubes were connected to the sides. These passed over her shoulders. It dawned on her that her lovely lips would never feel anything again, let alone kiss. Taste, speech, and any sort of expression were gone too.
Alex tried to flex her tongue. It was like her mouth was frozen rock solid. She gently touched her face and tested the tubes. There was not the slightest gap between her lips and the hideous tubes erupting from her face. They were fused to her body, permanently. It struck her how obscene her facial expression looked. She was stuck in the middle of a blow job!
Alex watched as valves inside the "T" joint opened and closed as she breathed. Her left tube was full of moisture, and she watched how it fogged up with each exhale. Her throat was painfully full. She delicately examined her neck, feeling the massive phallic implant within.
Her ample breasts jutted out proudly. Covered in electrodes. Her dark areolas were ringed with tiny wires directly piercing her skin. Her nipples were sucked a good quarter inch into the tiny suction cups which were gently pulsing.
Two thin "drainage" tubes entered each nipple. They were dry now but were installed and bonded to her glands to ensure any discharge during her long life was sucked out. All the chest wires were collected into one bundle and routed between her breasts down to a small control box mounted to her hip harness.
Several IV lines went into her arms. They too had bonded to her tissue. No plaster. No pain, feeding her nutrients and drugs.
Her smooth rock-hard abs were left touched sans for a few e -stim pads which also connected to the control box.
But what shocked her and aroused her the most was what had been done to her neither region:
Her hood-less clitoris shone like a small penis, sucked deep into its suction cup. She could see that a wire was plugged into its piecing which exited a sealed port on the side of the suction cup and, was plugged into the control box on her hip.
The thin suction lines from her breasts along with their drainage lines came down and joined the clitoral suction line to become a single bundle of tubes twisted together.
This bundle of tubes curved up to her hip harness and disappeared towards the rear.
The vaginal tube looked huge. It exited her swollen wired labia and hung between her legs several inches before curving back and was clipped to her anal tube. It was full of a light pink liquid, slightly glowing. The small urine tube was clipped onto the vaginal tube. A data cable and power cable along with a few thin pneumatic lines also entered her swollen and moist pussy. These controlled the massive member now bonded to her canal. Her inner folds hung loosely beside the tube, dripping with fluid. Twelve thin white wires connected to twelve silver ports (six on each side) of her swollen outer labia looked ominous. All these small wires and tubes were twisted together to form a bundle that was clipped along the vaginal tube.
Alex couldn't help the juices dripping along the massive tube and onto the floor. It was tragic what she had become, but, at the same time, so erotic. From time to time, red, white, and green lights flashed deep inside her pussy. Alex gazed at the sight. She knew the lights were indicators of her arousal. The system was on standby, keeping her slightly aroused for all eternity, always ready to stimulate her to the point that if not for the life support system, certain death was to result.
"Gloves," she wrote. A pair of surgical gloves were handed to her immediately. Alex snapped them on and proceeded to examine herself.
She let go of the walker and proceeded to delicately examine her vulva. Her heart raced as she spread her lips and found the tube bonded to her firmly along with a curved shield completely sealing her opening. A nurse moved behind her and held her at the hips firmly, in case she lost her balance.
Alex straightened up and indicated she didn't need support. The nurse courteously stepped back.
She then turned around. The Techs rushed to her aid, holding her tubes, and lifting her thigh to stop her tripping. A nurse quickly pushed the walker in front of her to grab onto. She held the walker with one hand and with the other hand on her hip, twisted her torso to look at her rear.
The anal tube was an imposing sight. It erupted from her smooth bubble butt in all its corrugated glory. She wasn't disgusted by the brown feces packed in clumps along the way.
She parted her buttocks and noticed her anus pulsing involuntarily, the need to go to the bathroom was omnipresent. Her natural reflex was to push the intruder out, but it was now part of her for life. The tiny silver ports shone in the bright light, awaiting the delicate electro-stimulation wires to be plugged in.
As she watched, a yellow-brown clump of poop emerged from her anus and slowly began its way down the liquid-filled tube. She knew that soon the entire tube would be packed with feces, moving at the same pace as her digestive tract once her feeding had synchronized.
The vaginal tube and all other wires and tubes from her private parts joined the anal tube to make one large umbilical for her waste and sexual stimulation. A transparent sheath collected all tubes and wires into one line which, at the opposite end, split into individual wires and tubes which plugged into her life support station.
Her breathing and feeding tubes joined to form another umbilical for life support, along with several IV lines from her arms.
Her freedom was now restricted to the length of these two umbilicals; roughly eight feet from her life support stations.
The stations themselves had long wires which allowed her to move to all corners of her room with attendants pushing the massive machines and supporting her umbilicals. Furthermore, batteries and in-built oxygen cylinders could support her for up to three hours in case the lab's oxygen supply or electricity failed.
She stood transfixed at the abomination she had become. She was sad and excited at the same time.
They all stared in total silence. The beeps of her monitors and the hissing of her ventilator were the only noises.
"You look stunning as always Dr. Milton," said the professor, gently placing his hand on her shoulder.
"I'm a freak." she scribbled.
"I look like a frog trying to take a shit. It's disgusting."
"Don't be silly my dear! The pose suits you. You are a Marvel to behold!" he said, patting her back.
Alex swung back to face the mirror and let go of the walker, indicating she wanted it out of the picture. A nurse pulled it away but stood close in case her charge might collapse. She felt the tension in her rectum as her anal tube had twisted to one side. Alex reached back and tried to adjust it.
"May I? ", Asked the professor.
She hesitated for a moment and nodded, defeated. Placing her hands on her wide thighs, Alex squatted further and bent forward presenting her rear to her captor. The professor placed one hand gently on her buttock and twisted the tube back down. Alex stared at her reflection.
The nurses and techs stood silent, watching the scene, shocked at how the strong, beautiful, and brilliant Dr. Alexandria Milton had transformed into a patient utterly dependent on others for her most basic needs.
"How does that feel?" he asked gently. Alex closed her eyes and nodded in relief. He gently examined her sphincter and said, "It's bonded well, try pushing it out please."
Alex obliged, flexing her muscle hard. The tube moved slightly like a wagging tail, but not a millimeter came out.
The strong independent woman, a force to reckon with was now at his mercy. The professor took care to be as gentle as possible. It was as if she were his child. Helpless and needing comfort.
He pushed a small suction cup along the rear tube up to her anus. The cup was made of a similar bio-plastic polymer as the tubes bonded to her insides. It had several electrical contacts connected to wires which braided together into a cable. These contacts clicked directly into the tiny grommet implants around her sphincter. The professor pushed the small cup against her anus and applied a vacuum using a hand pump. The suction pulled her sphincter out, filling the cup into a rosy fleshy mass. She could have screamed as the heat of bonding took effect but couldn't, Alex silently bore the pain, tightly grabbing onto her attendants who held her firmly.
Tears welled in her eyes as the completed ensemble was activated, the suction cup pulled her sphincter out, it was uncomfortable and stimulating at the same time. Her level of arousal was going through the roof, and her womanhood began to ooze fluid.
The professor lightly patted her butt; "There, All set! How does it feel?"
Alex wrote on her tab.
"It's very uncomfortable. My sphincter is pulled out and hurting outside, my rectum feels so full inside, it's hard to bear. I need to use the bathroom."
"Don't worry. You'll get used to it. It's meant to always stimulate you, you know that" said her captor/mentor gently caressing her buttocks.
She nodded at this in agreement, accepting the bitter truth.
A nurse came in front of her and sat on a low stool to examine her throbbing wired vulva. Strings of mucus were hanging from the poor girl's pussy. Some reach to the floor.
The constant sting in her urethra and the urge to pee were the most uncomfortable. Alex wrote this on her pad.
"It'll go away in a few days," replied the nurse, wiping the helpless girl's juices to no avail. Alex didn't think the feeling would pass.
"Now try to walk about and get used to your attachments. We'll start on the treadmill in the afternoon," said the professor, departing.
She kept staring at her reflection. She went into the theatre fit and independent. Now she was this vulnerable creature, naked, living at the mercy of the machines attached to her, praying none would fail. She could see nurses and techs adjusting various dials and switches on her life support station, it was total surrender, but more was to come.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 13 -- Life on Life support
Alex began her exercises slowly and cautiously. She was embarrassed at first to perform in front of her colleagues whom she had worked with, fought, and argued with. She was a perfectionist. A strong woman who always knew what she wanted. Despite her captivity, she had grown to be part of the professor's team to the point that they almost forgot that it was her, Dr. Alexandria Milton, that was going to wear the terrible devices and become the Oracle.
Her favorite part was the massive vaginal implant. She loved how it felt as she moved. "I'm so happy it worked out so well," she wrote on her tab to Dr. Hastings, who visited her.
Her room was located on the same level as the temple and the main engineering labs of Project Oracle. The whole level was sterile. A massive undertaking.
Every day was a rigorous regime of exercises and tests. Her internal dildos and electrical stimulators were never activated. Every moment in her life was recorded. Her inability to release her sexual tension reached an unbearable height on the third day when she left all vestiges of her dignity and began shamelessly masturbating in front of her colleagues.
Surprisingly, they offered to help. Alex gave orders on what she wanted to be done. One attendant manned the life support system to regulate her oxygen (It wasn't fully automated yet). Another stood in front and Alex wrapped one arm over his shoulder and began massaging her labia, clit, and playing with her vaginal tube. Another tech sat on a stool behind her and supported her thighs. From time to time, she indicated if she wanted her anal tube played with, breasts fondled or oxygen increased, with the help of her caregivers, Alex finally managed to orgasm, gushing all over the floor.
This became an end-of-day ritual for them. Together, Alex and her team soon developed a silent communication, a slight signal from her was understood by her team, and within a week they were experts in making the captive girl cum.
Her caretakers doted over her every need. Adjusting her oxygen and closely monitoring her food and waste.
She stood every evening, arms and legs spread wide, dripping with sweat and juices as they carefully bathed and dried her, Alex did not worry about the world, everything was taken care of.
"Not a bad life." she thought.
Alex was pumped with chemicals and hormones to increase her sexual arousal in preparation for her role as Oracle. Her breasts grew slightly larger, and she began to lactate a little. She never got tired of examining herself in the mirror, testing her bonded tubes and probes delicately, and making small adjustments.
Each week she sent a detailed report of all her feelings, experiences, bodily functions, and dreams to the professor.
She practiced yoga and engaged in exercise, gaining more and more mobility each day, to the point that she could do almost every exercise as if she was free of all tubes and equipment.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 14 -- Walk of Shame.
Eight weeks after her life-changing intubation, Alex was ready for the final procedure to transform her into the Oracle; her brain and spinal implants. Once complete, the professor and his team would have complete control over her body and mind. She wouldn't know what was real and what was an illusion. Her body could be controlled like a living Marionette by the team. Sixteen stimulators were to be inserted into her brain along with an additional sixteen monitors. Her spinal cord was to be tapped at each vertebra. Once complete, it was utter and total surrender. Alex knew very well that one wrong move during the operation could result in irreversible brain damage.
"We are ready for you Dr. Milton," The professor looked concerned.
"Yes, just don't let me live if I become a vegetable".
"As agreed, you shall be euthanized, and your organs donated if the procedure fails,"
"Now please get onto the frame, we need to get moving," he said.
Alex stood resolutely with her hands on her hips and nodded to her tab which read, "No. I want to walk."
"I don't think that's advisable in your predicament my dear," said the professor coming close and holding her hand.
Alex tore her hand away and began to scribble,
"This is the last time I will walk as an independent human being. Please let me walk to my fate."
The theatre where the high-risk procedure was to be done was located at the far end of the level she was, over 1000 yards away through many corridors, halls, and laboratories. The whole level was germ-free, and Alex was the only person who didn't wear a Hazmat suit. She often thought about the contrast, how every other person was completely cocooned with barely their eyes showing, while she was stark naked with all her bodily functions on display.
"Very well Dr. Milton. I think we may have spoilt you!" said the professor after several seconds of silence. Alex could only smile with her eyes. She squatted and stretched her arms and legs in preparation and gave her butt a naughty wriggle.
The life support station was a massive apparatus. Large as two industrial washing machines on caster wheels. Gladly, it could be split into two independent parts, her breathing, feeding, and medication station, and the other for her waste disposal and sexual stimulation. A third station would be added today for her brain and central nervous system, it was the most complex and largest one of them all.
The two parts were split, and two techs got behind them. The power was disconnected, and the batteries were 100%. A nurse handed Alex her walker. Two more techs took each of her umbilicals, preventing them from dragging on the ground.
The professor took charge, "Ready?"
Alex nodded. The door of her room hissed open.
Pushing the walker in her frog-like stance, - back curved, posterior pushing out with chest jutting forward and tubes dangling between her legs, Alex began her walk.
A tech with a camera moved in front of the group and began to film her progress while walking backward. Alex looked straight ahead at the camera; she was determined to make it to the theatre by herself, and not show any weakness.
Staff working on other projects on the same level soon lined her way. Amidst the hissing and beeping of her many devices, Alex could hear their muffled gasps and murmurs.
Everyone was in shock to see what had become of the beautiful athletic scientist.
The employees were strictly forbidden to speak about their work with those other than their team.
To most, she was a brilliant member of the Oracle team. The professor's protégé. No one outside the team knew that she was to be the Oracle herself! She excelled at the Gym, pool, and tennis, beating most. Alex also gave martial arts lessons until the day she was depilated and moved to her germ-free prison. She was easily the most attractive woman in the facility and took full advantage of enjoying the attention, now she was the center of attention again, but for completely different reasons!
The onlookers were full of shock and disbelief at how the beautiful, strong woman had transformed into a patient on life support, bald, naked with all her orifices penetrated, utterly exposed, and fully dependent on machines to keep her alive.
Alex was dying of shame. Her eyes filled with tears as she walked slowly looking ahead, trying to ignore the stares.
She had to stop from time to time to rest her legs, do some squats, and relieve the tension in her back. Doctors examined her thoroughly during each stop.
As she progressed, long strings of mucus hung from her intubated vagina. Her juices began dripping on the floor as she went. Alex only noticed it when Ted, the young tech who she met the very first day, approached her with a collection jar,
"D, Dr. Milton, I need to collect some of your vaginal discharge please," he said in a low respectful tone.
She instinctively froze. The young man squatted between her legs, parting her dangling tubes, and collected samples of mucus.
Alex kept her eyes closed. "There, it's quite normal to be aroused, my dear. After all, the whole exercise depends on you being constantly aroused," said the professor.
Several of her friends came to her, patted her back, or held her hand, wishing her well. She responded nodding, giving thumbs up, and smiling with her eyes.
"Good luck coach,"
It was a young tech she used to tutor in the gym. She thought he was cute but restrained herself. How she wished she hadn't now. She looked at him and smiled with her eyes. She felt tears welling up. He squeezed her hand. She placed a hand against his mask and looked into his eyes. She thought she saw tears in his eyes behind the visor of his hazmat suit. He walked away slowly, head hanging low.
Alex squatted lower and looked straight ahead as her bowels were automatically flushed out in front of all. It was a precaution for the upcoming procedure.
Her belly filled up several times and was flushed out. The professor massaged her belly with one hand while gently placing his other hand on her lower spine.
The doctors and nurses discussed the color and consistency of her feces openly and took more swabs of her vaginal discharge, as well as her visible arousal which further confirmed her exhibitionist tendencies. She was relieved when finally, they entered the theatre which would perform the riskiest operation yet.
The theatre was blindingly bright. Alex was exhausted. She walked slowly to the operating chair. It was a menacing sight.
The metal apparatus was designed to restrain her from sitting upright with arms and legs far apart. Alex approached the small, padded seat. It had a central cut-out for her tubes to slide through, the team helped her up. Alex was flexible and good at the splits. She didn't find the almost 180 spreads of her legs uncomfortable. The team quickly began to screw on the restraints. Her torso was restrained as well and so were both arms spread wide and parallel to the ground. Both her hands clamped over joysticks and a large screen was in front of her. The team had prepared a selection of games to make sure her brain was functioning during the operation. Any sign of deterioration would stop.
Her head was restrained firmly and apart from her fingers and wrists, the only thing Alex could do was blink.
Two massive surgical robot arms hovered over her head. A laser projected a grid of dots onto her smooth bald scalp showing where to drill. The team stood in front of her. She looked straight at them.
"Dr. Milton, we are ready to proceed." said the professor.
Alex gave two thumbs up.
Unknown to her, she had quite an audience. About fifty of the syndicate's top brass were observing the revolutionary procedure from a room next door. Among them was Jake. For a long time, he grieved for the loss of his lover. Thinking she was truly dead. He watched her now with mixed emotions, sad and angry at what had been done to her, happy that she was alive, and at the same time excited both as a scientist and as a man to see this gorgeous female in such a perilous and exposed predicament.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 15 -- Marionette
The cranial and neural implants were by far the riskiest of all procedures done to her so far. 16 probes were to be inserted through her skull into her brain. Some of them were sensors, others sent electrical signals, and yet others injected chemicals and hormones into the deepest regions of her brain. A deviation by a single micrometer would be sufficient to kill her or cause irreversible damage. The doctors took it extremely slowly. Some of the probes were drilled using robotic arms while others were by hand. Alex continued to play her games, trying her best to ignore the drilling.
She received a special lobotomy, where the team could disconnect or connect both sides of her brain whenever they wanted. Probes went deep into her Cerebrum, Cerebellum, Brainstem, Hypothalamus, Thalamus, Pituitary gland, Pineal gland, Amygdala, Hippocampus, and Midbrain to control and stimulate her pleasure, senses, logic, emotions, balance, temperature, arousal, and even her heart rate. Heat and cold swept over her body along with senses of absolute happiness, sadness, anger, and lust. For the first time since her intubation, Alex felt a taste. She went blind in each eye for a few minutes as her optical nerves were tapped. So was her hearing.
From now on, Alex wouldn't know what was real or what was a simulation. Her mind was no longer hers, although the professor promised not to trick her.
Her lungs were paralyzed as expected when a probe went deep into her brain stem. Her heart rate, blood pressure, digestion, and body temperature were all now under the control of her life support mainframe. The medical team could override these functions at will and even shut her down permanently. It was a failsafe to ensure Alex would always be under their control, an obedient servant to the Syndicate.
Alex felt her lungs stop as if they just died. Then refreshing air filled her lungs and the machine took over completely. She felt her stomach and bowels rumble, and unseen to her, partially digested food and bile flowed out of her anal tube. Her heart stopped for a few seconds before starting again. Nothing would ever be the same.
All her brain probes were wired and collected to a port drilled into the base of her skull. From it, extended a one-inch diameter, eight-foot umbilical which plugged into a large unit the size of a two-door refrigerator. The device had many large displays, tanks, buttons, and valves. It too had wheels and in theory, could be transported, but it was far too cumbersome to allow Alex much freedom.
Next was her spinal implant. The backrest of her chair was open in the middle exposing her spine. The Robot began drilling into each vertebra and installing a metal probe. As each probe went in, Alex was temporarily paralyzed below the drilled vertebra. She panicked as she went numb below her waist but knew it was normal. Once each vertebra was tapped, the team plugged in a spinal implant, or "Centipede" as they called it. Which mirrored her spine, stretching from the base of her skull to her tailbone. It clicked into the port at the base of her skull and needle-like extensions drilled and anchored themselves into her bones bonding with her spine.
Alex immediately felt out of control. A tech sitting a few yards away was wearing an exoskeleton and VR goggles. He clenched his fists and so did Alex.
The team removed locking pins at critical joints in the chair, allowing her arms and legs to move while still bound and held firmly.
The tech wearing the exoskeleton then straightened his left leg. Alex did the same. She was their puppet!
Over 600 tiny needle-like stimulators were inserted into each of her muscles. Her entire body was now covered in tiny gleaming silver dots. Each dot would get a wire attached when she was inserted into her tank.
The process took 72 hours with two-hour breaks every six hours for Alex to rest.
In the end, she looked like a complete alien, with 32 wires and tubes exiting her skull and connected to the umbilical behind her head. Some wires had glowing fiber optics, others were silver, red, or blue while some were transparent tubes carrying liquid chemicals into her brain.
"Now for the final touch, as you requested," said the professor as a nurse pushed a small steel trolley with what appeared to be a jellyfish in a glass jar. He took it out, it was a semitransparent fighter pilot-style mask, which would cover the entire lower half of the wearer. It was made with the same bio-plastic polymer as the terrible tubes and probes now permanently bonded to the poor girl's body.
Alex had requested the mask soon after being intubated. She was unhappy with how comical she looked. The round tube exiting her mouth gave her a permanently surprised look, or even worse the look of a woman giving a blowjob, (which was exactly what she was doing) Alex wanted some privacy and dignity. The mask would cover her lower face and bond with her skin permanently.
The professor unscrewed her breathing tube and threaded it through the mask, then he unplugged and did the same to her feeding tube and wires. All were reconnected swiftly so that Alex barely noticed the loss of air. He then cleaned her face thoroughly, scrubbing it with a Nano pad. Their eyes met, as he caressed her cheeks before pressing the mask against her soft face. Alex couldn't scream or move but her agony as it burned into her flesh was evident. The team cut off her pain immediately. Fifteen minutes later, she was put back online, and the team checked the mask.
"It's perfectly bonded Alexandria. Would you like to have a look?"
She blinked.
A mirror was brought in front. She examined her new face and gave two thumbs up. Her sharp purposeful eyes shone. It was a much more dignified look.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 16 -- Testing begins.
The next few weeks were spent with Alex strapped into the infernal chair in the Theatre. She had to be kept still until all her implants were fully bonded. She was now able to text through her brain mainframe. All she had to do was think of speaking and her words would appear on a screen for all to see.
For the first week, she went into seizures and the team found that one probe was misaligned. They had to drill in two more supports to stabilize it.
Three weeks after her final brain procedure, Alex was released and the team helped her walk about the theatre, which was now her prison. Alex now needed an army of attendants to keep her out of trouble. The brain umbilical was especially sensitive to tension, and she needed to take extra care not to get it entangled or accidentally step on it.
Alex was determined to stay active till the last moment. She did whatever exercises she could and enjoyed human contact as much as possible. She did squats and dumbbell exercises. Always supported and surrounded by at least 10 attendants. When not exercising, she was severely restrained to eliminate any sort of motion.
She was restrained in two devices; One, the upright chair in which she had her operation. It was rigid and left her facing any visitors with arms and legs spread wide.
The second was the X fame "bed" which was further modified to accommodate her brain umbilical. She lay fully restrained with her back arched, legs spread and high in the air with knees slightly bent, allowing full access to her intubated and wired private parts. Her head was restrained her neck bent backward and her arms were wide.
The entire fame was supported by one metal column which could be raised and lowered. Alex was physically more comfortable in this setup but found it embarrassing to meet people in the exposed position.
She preferred the commanding position of the chair where she could discuss matters face-to-face. She also liked the chair as it didn't show her anal tube which was now always packed with slow-moving excrement. True, her womanhood was shamelessly exposed, but the exhibitionist in her enjoyed the attention, teasing some of the men in the team who had hit on her for months to no avail, now her gorgeous body was beyond their reach forever, yet she was in for levels of pleasure beyond what any man could offer!
The team began testing her sexual stimulation devices. Alex was introduced to mind-blowing orgasms fueled by not only her vaginal, anal, breast, and throat stimulators, but electrical and chemical stimuli to her brain's pleasure centers as well.
Each trial was conducted, and she gave her feedback afterward as to what she liked. Soon the computer began to develop the perfect program to stimulate her.
She had to perform these trials in front of the professor and his team. Delegations from the Syndicate also visited her during the tests. Alex was helpless as she stared at the ceiling and shivered, convulsed, and came in front of these strangers repeatedly. She couldn't reach hyper orgasms outside of the tank, but the life support systems allowed her to have hundreds of orgasms one after another with less than 10 seconds in between.
No human could ever dream of such pleasure or surviving sensory overload.
The professor stared at the helpless girl convulsing in ecstasy; it was as if she was having an epileptic seizure. Her throat bulged as the oral stimulator expanded and contracted rhythmically, and her anus and vulva pulsed, engorged, and dripped with juices. He could see the outline of the massive vaginal stimulator expanding and moving inside her flat belly. Her eyes were wide open but blank, her visions flashed across several screens. The mainframe would filter them and form together a picture of her visions of the future.
The professor held her hand. He knew Alex was in a different place and didn't feel him. He caressed her sweating bald head. The electrodes and probes embedded in her skull looked like she had thick widely spaced rubbery hair. She gushed a large stream of fluid as she came.
"That's enough, bring her back now gently".
Alex fell into a deep sleep for 48 hours.