AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - Road Trip
Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.
Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup
*****
I remember Nicole getting out of bed, and I curled back up with Brittany, my cock in the crack of her ass and a hand cupping that large handful. I woke up to a nice slow cock sucking. "That's the best way to wake up."
She pulled up and swung her leg over, sinking her pussy down slowly on my cock feeling every bit as she enclosed me in her velvet vise. Nice and snug! "With everything that happened yesterday, and all the times you made me cum, I never got a load in my pussy!" squeezing and flexing around me.
"I didn't want to presume anything." I began reaching for her tits as she rocked back and forth on me slowly, working her pussy around me and grinding her clit against me every one in a while.
"OH NO YOU DON'T!", as she grabbed my hands and pinned them to my sides while starting to rock back and forth with increased speed, working her clit more and more against me. "I want your load in me! I'm on the pill so you don't have to worry, and I'm not cumming until you fill me." Then she began a slow grinding fuck. Up, down, then rocking on her knees. Leaning forward and just fucking the head of my cock with her nipples inches away from my lips. Once she had me groaning she picked up the pace. A nice hard 'ride 'em cowboy' kind of fuck after getting up on her feet while keeping me seated in her pussy, hard enough to make her nipple jewelry flip up and down as her ass was slapping against my thighs as she rode me. Then she started quivering around my cock.
"I can't hold off Master! Fuck me and fill me!" and she started to fall on to my chest, catching herself on her elbows. I grabbed her hips and fucked her from underneath as her pussy clamped onto me while she was babbling incoherently in my ear and spasming on top of me. That was all I could take and began unloading into her. Between the feeling of her pussy pulsing around me, and me unloading into her, it was wonderful!
I let go and Brittany simply collapsed onto my chest. Sweat plastered us together from crotch to neck. She pulled up enough to shift sideways enough to give me a nice deep long kiss. "That was nice. I feel so full! I can feel your cock softening in me. It is so different with a man that cares about how I feel." I really started softening and she rolled off quick to keep our combined load in her.
"Sorry to tell you Brittany, but it's TOTALLY selfish. The better it is for you, the better you make it for me." And I reached over and flicked her nipple jewelry. That made her shudder a little.
"You've got to quit that, or I'm going to be wet down to my ankles!"
"That's the whole idea Brittany, as far as I'm concerned the only perfume a woman should wear is a wet pussy!" I sat up and swung my legs toward the edge of the bed.
She rolled over and pushed me back a bit then swallowed me down to my pubic hair. She kept it down there and started swallowing to stroking like that until I started to harden again and she couldn't take me all in. "I can't take you down like Mistress can when you are hard...YET! But I can keep trying as you get harder. Maybe with LOTS of practice I might get there."
"You can practice any time you want, you never need ask." I gave her a quick peck as I headed to the bathroom to take a shower before getting ready for the road trip. I had just gotten the water adjusted and stepped in when Brittany got in behind me.
She looked me in the eye and spread her feet a little, and then sighed. All of a sudden there was a flow from her pussy. She had been holding everything in, waiting until she was standing in front of me to let it go. She trembled for a few seconds as it ran down her thighs, past her knees and most of the way down her calves. "Almost to my ankles; I'll have to try harder next time!" and grabbed the hand held to rinse off her legs. She proceeded to lather and rinse me, and then made a production of doing the same to herself, really enjoying cleaning her tits and pussy in front of me. I was starting to step out after she rinsed off, but she stopped me.
She reached over and turned the flow way down and removed the shower head from the hand held hose. She put a foot up on the shelf to spread herself and concentrated the stream on her clit. She played it back and forth a little until she started trembling and then pushed the hose in her pussy. She almost collapsed but stayed standing and lowered her leg with the hose still in place, giving her a nice healthy flow from her pussy.
Then she looked at me again and strained a little. The flow from her pussy ceased and her belly began expanding. She relaxed a bit and let it flow, then clenched again taking more. This time keeping more inside and holding her hand under her belly. She was panting and quivering until she released it, almost squirting around the hose. She looked at me again biting her lip and then clenched down on the hose. Her belly expanded much quicker. I reached forward and slid my finger toward her clit, but not on it.
I touched her clit. "Release and cum." I had to put an arm around her to keep her from falling as she did. I held her until she finished, her jeweled tits in my chest and my hard cock up against her belly. She finally got her strength back and stood enough for us to get out and towel dry.
"I wish I knew how you do that! I just got done telling you to leave me alone or I was going to be wet down to my ankles, and then I have you running down my legs making me cum again!!"
"Don't know. All I know is how much I enjoy watching you cum." I gave her a quick kiss and went back to the room for my pants and shorts.
Brittany followed me out of the room wrapped in a towel. I headed for the kitchen and she headed for the front door. I heard a screech of braking tires and a wolf whistle. Then a few seconds later she came back in with a bag in one hand and now just holding the towel to her chest with a big grin. I just looked at her.
"What? I had just picked my bag out of my trunk and this wicked wind came up and ripped my towel off!" She stuck her tongue out at me and dropped her towel completely before shutting the door behind her.
"So it's not so bad letting someone look at your body instead of your face?"
"I'm getting used to it. I keep thinking about what you said about some guy thinking I'm hot enough to go home and jack off to the sight of me. I'm not sure why, but that gets me wet!"
"I look at it this way. I don't look at it as your tits being more important than your brains. I look at it as your beauty being more powerful than someone else's intelligence. I know a lawyer in Vegas that loves to use her Bimbo routine whenever she can, and she graduated third in her class."
She dropped her bag and sauntered over, oozing sex appeal. She put her arms around my neck, "Where have you been all my life Master?" grinding her pussy against my cock and brushing her nipples across my chest.
"Just looking for the right women to nibble on. Sometimes it just takes a while. Let's have breakfast and we can go over things..."
That got her serious again. "We're really going to do this?"
"No reason not to. It's all gravy work." That got me a look. "Does Nicole have to quit her job to work on this?""
"No"
"Do I have to quit doing what I do?"
"No"
"Do you?"
"No, but what about the expenses here?"
"Brittany, I had already planned on picking up the rent since I was responsible for kicking Mickey out. It's only a phone line for things I can't do, here or in Vegas. You and Nicole have the hard part. You have to go shopping without buying much!"
She stuck her tongue out at me and got some cereal. "It will be nice to be able to make jewelry again."
"And you can try everything on if you want or get Cathy to model."
"HUH?"
"Well you have your nipples and pussy pierced of course, but Cathy has her pussy pierced with plain rings welded shut. You might see if you can do something special for her and others like her somewhere along the way."
"WELDED?"
"Don't ask; let it come up in conversation. But I bet something pretty would do wonders for her instead of plain rings she can't take out. I do like the larger rings I can put my fingers in to hold her open though. I can use the same hand to spread her pussy and then put my middle two fingers in to her g-spot."
"Master!" she brought her legs together and her eyes glazed over.
"Oh you like that idea do you? Thinking about one hand holding you open and playing with your g-spot while I nibble on your clit."
She was clamping her thighs even tighter together. "MASTER!!"
"Of course that would leave a hand free to say... Uh... play with your nipple jewelry..."
"AHHHHHHHHH!!" and collapsed against the island quivering.
I got up and got her a hand towel and kissed her neck just above her collar. "You washed it all out, I had to refresh your perfume."
"Thank you Master." She said quietly. We finished our cereal and then got dressed. She was running her hand over the case with Nicole's collars in it. "Did you really buy all these for Mistress?"
"Nope." She snapped her head around to look at me. "With the exception of her first collar, she picked them all out, I just paid for them."
She got a dreamy look in her eyes. "I'm going to have to go shopping with Mistress. All I have is things to hide in."
"Maybe not, do you have a pair of cheek splitter shorts?"
"A WHAT?!!"
"A pair of shorts that rides up the crack of your ass like a g-string." She thought about it for a minute, grinned, then grabbed her bag. Leaning over tossing things out standing with her legs spread shoulder width, letting her tits and nipple jewelry jiggle in the morning sun, and a the glint from her chains hanging from her pussy lips made me want to taker her again right there.
She put her big duffel bag on the couch and started pulling stuff out. Bras were tossed to one side like an inconvience, some nice thongs and g-strings next set carefully beside her. Tops on the other end, and finally jeans, then shorts. She went through several shorts and then pulled out a very short pair. She slipped them on after wiggling back and forth and bouncing her tits and jewelry. They pulled nicely up into her ass, and even a little into her pussy from what I could see from behind.
"Brittany, come over here and put a foot up beside me."
"Yes Master." And she came over and did as she was asked, naked except for the shorts she had just poured herself into. I reached up one leg to her pussy lips and straightened her pussy chain down her shorts leg. She gasped as I pulled it straight, a little bit hanging out the leg. The proceeded to do the same thing to the other leg. They were long enough to leave a little less than half an inch hanging out. Then hung on to both ends with one hand and pushed the seam up into her pussy to make her squeak and then ran my finger nail around the back over her rosebud.
She didn't even look to see how it looked, just accepted what I did. "Now get your shelf bra and a top you can tie under your tits instead of buttoning up."
"Yes Master.", darting over to pick up her bra, making a production of putting it on and then lifting her tits up high and proud in it while grinning at me watching her bounce them around. She took the pale top and tied it up under her tits and then presented herself to me.
She had an idea what she looked like, but had not checked herself in the mirror yet. "You look absolutely delicious little one. Check it out in the mirror."
"Yes Master," and darted around to the mirror. "Oh WOW! I was going to throw this pair of shorts out. I'm going to have to re-think everything I have." Touching the bit of chain hanging out her crotch. And then running her hands up to cup her tits.
"I know you can't wear this to work, but shopping with Mistress would be interesting if there are men manning the shop!"
She looked startled. "You don't mind other men looking at me Master?" Lifting her jewelry through the top and biting her lip a bit.
"Little one, there is a big difference between looking and touching. It gets Mistress HOT knowing others are looking at her nipples. I have a feeling you will find having others look at a certain part of your body will also get you excited. If it does and you have to come home to me or Mistress for relief, so much the better. "
"You will figure out how to accidentally show that part off even in your 'regular' clothes. Why do you think Mistress wears loose tops even to work? She can lean or twist a certain way to accidentally let someone see her nipples and pretend it never happened. You can't tell me you've NEVER worn a loose top and leaned over to let someone look down your shirt on purpose? Seeing what kind of reaction you get when they see your delicious tits encased in lace?"
She closed her eyes and lifted her jewelry through her top to tug on them. She squeeked,"OH SHIT!" and clamped her thighs together for a nice little quivering orgasm. Her eyes finally came open. "I give up trying to stop that..."
"A wise decision little one, now open your legs." She spread her legs shoulder width. The wet spot in the crotch was starting to spread. "That is the most erotic sight in the world." And took a deep breath of her sent. "Wear them until I leave."
"Of course Master."
Brittany was putting some drinks and stuff in the cooler, nipples standing out even more from the cold, if that was possible. I just watched her move about like she was home. Her wet spot was spreading. She was going to have to rinse off not too far down the road to keep from chafing. She finally realized I was watching her. "What? You're a guy, you won't stop except to pee and get gas right?"
I just shook my head. "I need to find something to put around the computer stuff for the trip."
"You take the cooler out and I'll see what I can find."
I took the cooler out and nestled it between the captain's chairs against the middle seat. It was almost the same level but it would prohibit mobile blow jobs if I had Nicole with me. I went back to find a pile of the old comforter and linen set piled in the corner of the living room. I was looking at it when Brittany came out with several towels, a sheet, blanket, and pillow. "I was tempted to burn it Master, but I thought I should donate it instead. Just because she was a bitch doesn't mean it can't be put to good use by someone in need."
"You are as wise as you are delicious little one, but what is all that for?" pointing to her arm full.
"Thank you Master," and did a little curtsy. "I have towels to put around things. And then I have a sheet, blanket, and pillows to put on the back seats." I raised an eyebrow. "You haven't had time to make any reservations, and you'll probably drive until you are tired and then hope for a room somewhere. This way you can stop anywhere if you need to or if there aren't any rooms available."
I laughed and ran a finger through her damp camel toe since her hands were full. "I can see I have left things in good hands here." We went out to the van and put the sheets on and threw the blanket and pillows on. The towels went around the computer stuff with the few left over were thrown behind my seat.
"Master, it will be a while until I see you again. Would you watch me undress for my second shower before you leave?" batting her eyelashes like a show girl.
"I have to get my brief case, so I guess I could do that little one."
She beamed and dragged me back into the apartment and pushed me back on the bed. Then she started swaying and twisting to some unheard music. She wasn't undressing, she was doing a striptease! Opening her top and strumming her nipples. Pulling her shorts down as she spread her cheeks and flicked her pussy jewelry. Spreading her legs wide and using that same jewelry to open her pussy and insert a finger; then bringing it over to me to taste. Running her hand down over my hard cock and lowering the zipper to release me. Taking my own hand and bringing it to my cock to get me to stroke myself while I finished watching her. She looked delicious leaning over to let her tits hang while she removed her top. And then leaning back to point them in the air as she removed her bra. Putting a leg up beside me, so I could play with her pussy with one hand and cup her tit with the other in front of me.
She saw my cock starting to ooze and licked her lips. "Master, my I suck you while you eat me?"
"I can't think of a better way to start a road trip," and laid back holding my cock up for her as she swung a leg over my face and took it from me. She started to suck me down before she lowered her pussy to me. Feeling her lips dance on my hard cock, feeling her go around and around the head. Seeing her do the striptease had its desired effect. With the right angle and her enthusiasm trying to take me down her throat, it didn't take long before we came almost at the same time as she started squirting in my mouth. Not a huge squirt, but a nice squirt none the less.
She rolled off and caught her breath while I sat up and zipped up. "I have to get ready for work Master, forgive me for not walking you to the door." she managed to get out, sprawled beside me, arms up forcing her tits to point skyward while her legs were still sprawled with one knee pulled up, her pussy open to an inviting view.
"I think seeing you sprawled like that is all the send off I need." I rolled over enough to kiss her mound and run my tongue across her clit before crawling off the bed. "Tell your Mistress I will call her this evening. She has the mobile number if she needs to call me." Why does everyone react like that to a mobile phone?
I grabbed a cold bottle of Pepsi and headed for the van. In about fifteen minutes I was on the interstate headed for Vegas. Brittany was right. I would have to stop somewhere along the way. It was a two day drive for one person. I popped an eight track in the dash and cracked the passenger window. It had been a warm fall and was still warm enough to keep the van a little toasty in the sun.
With the music blaring I was reflecting on things. In one sense I was looking forward to getting back to Vegas and starting a new chapter in my life away from anything that reminded me of Mickey. But I was regretting Nicole not being there for every little detail. I knew I would be busy with all the things happening, and Nicole was just a phone call away. But it was not the same as her being beside me. We had barely been separated over the last week or so, and now it would be several weeks at least before I would be able to hold her again.
Would Brittany stay with us, or would she go her own way as Natalie had? For both my sake and the business I hoped she would stay. I had been driving on auto pilot for a few hours thinking about all of this, regretting all the wasted months with Mickey. I didn't really notice the darkening sky until the first few drops hit the windshield. Well so much for a bright sunny drive. It was just a few sprinkles for a while and then it opened up and was like driving into a wall. I was coming up on an overpass and saw a hitch hiker running for cover with a rain smeared 'Vegas" sign on the pack.
I needed something to take my mind off things, so I pulled over under the overpass and pulled a towel out, threw it on the seat, and rolled the window down. As he came jogging up beside the van I noticed he was a she. Below the running make up was a nice lacy bra under her wet t-shirt. The back pack straps were really pulling it tight across her small to medium chest. Man did I really want another woman around right now? Oh well, spin a yarn and get her part of the way at least.
"How far you goin'?"
"All the way eventually."
"COOL! Where should I put my pack?"
"Inside the side door next to my suitcase."
She opened the side door and wedged it between the folded down seat and the door. She hesitated when she saw the seats made out like a bed, and crawled in the passenger seat a little more cautiously. Like most women ( yes I'm being stereotypical ) she pulled down the vanity mirror to check her make up. "ON MAN! I'm surprised you even stopped with me looking like this!"
I just chuckled, "Yea, you'd think you got stuck in a downpour or something. I'm Danny by the way"
"Smart ass."
"Take the towel you're sitting on and wet it with the rain water and wipe your face off. I have a couple more behind the seat." She glanced back at her pack now inside my van. "Your stuff is safe. Leave the door open and I'll shut the van off." I turned the key off and put the keys on the dash.
"OK," and she cautiously got the towel, hesitated for a second, and then stepped in front of the van holding the end out into the rain to wet the end. She was making sure that if I was going to drive off I'd have to drive over her.
I just laughed out loud, she scowled back at me. "I take it you've had some bad experiences hitching?" She just glared back. She finished and climbed back into the van and I pulled back out onto the road in the rain. She looked years younger without all the makeup. "Damn! You clean up nice!" She blushed a little. "So why you hitching all the way out to Vegas?"
She got on the defensive again. "Uh Uh, you first. What's with the love wagon?"
"Huh?" She jerked a thumb over her shoulder toward the back. I looked and realized what she was talking about and laughed. "Yea I guess it does look like that. I'm used to seeing it piled full of computers and tools. And you'll have to blame one of my girls for the love wagon look. Seems I'm just a guy and won't stop for anything but gas and to go pee." She snickered and covered her mouth at that. "And just to allay your fears, I'm on the last trip out to make a new start away from, how did Nicole put it? 'The bitch wolf in sheep's clothing'."
"Ouch!"
"Yeah, well I managed to see the trap just before it was sprung. And now I have three lovely ladies in my life because of her. Doesn't make it any less painful right now, and I have to get things organized in Vegas before they can come out. But I hope it will straighten out eventually. Your turn."
"Oh mine's easy. I'm getting out of bum fuck Iowa. Started a painting company and was doing pretty well until one of the local ladies didn't approve of my dress code. My sister got married and decided to stay out there. She's got me some work to get me started so I hit the road. Oh, and I'm Sam."
"You can't just leave it at that."
She hesitated for a second. "I had several college girls working for me. The rate varied with the uniform."
"And?"
"And the less they wore the more expensive the job."
"That could be interesting depending on how far you took it." And gave her a questioning look.
She blushed again. "Well in public it was tank top and shorts, bikini top and shorts, and then just a bikini. For special jobs that had sufficient privacy we had topless and nude options." She said the last part real fast like she had to say it without interruptions.
She was surprised when I didn't react to what she had said. "Let me guess, he ordered the special and she didn't approve?"
She relaxed. "Worse. A young widower ordered the tank top and shorts for the front and sides and splurged on the nude back. Everything was fine until the local church ladies decided to come over and make a surprise social call. There we were, three girls up the ladders about three quarters finished with the back and me filling pails when they came around through the side gate!"
I roared laughing. "That would have been a good time to have a camera. A gaggle of high and mighty church ladies walking in on four hot babes painting a house naked."
Now she was laughing along with me. "Oh that wasn't the worst of it. He was VERY cute and Louise was teasing him. She had been painting and going up and down the ladders with her make up brush in her ass like a tail. One of the church ladies fainted and had to be carried out by the others."
"Oh that's GOOD!"
"It gets better, We slipped tank tops and shorts back on before the sheriff arrived. The ladies came back through the gate shouting for us to be arrested for indecent exposure. He asked if what the ladies were saying was true."
"And?"
"And I asked him two questions. One, assuming what the ladies said was true, is it illegal to be nude in a gated and private back yard, and two, did he take the accusations of trespassers seriously?"
"Trespassers?"
"Yeah, the gate was closed and latched. He turned to the ladies and ushered them out the gate and got in his car and left. The owner came back out after they left to watch us paint. Louise still had the brush in her ass sticking out the leg of her shorts the whole time. I went back up the ladder to finish her part while she filled pails in front of him in an oversized top to flash her tits and ass. Last I heard they were engaged, but my business went downhill pretty quickly once the church ladies started spreading the word."
"Well I'm sure you will do better in Vegas, there is a much more enlightened class of people out there. You just have to be selective." She was starting to shiver and her nipples were popping out even in her bra. "And as much as I'm enjoying the wet t-shirt show, if you don't get out of those things you're going to get sick. If all your stuff got wet I think I have some t-shirts and sweat pants in my suitcase and there are a couple more dry towels behind my seat. The girls usually pack a bit of everything for me."
She looked down at her chest but didn't cover herself. "Yeah the girls are standing at attention aren't they?" And then crawled into the back, I got a nice view of her ass and camel toe in the rear view mirror with only a hit of what I assumed was a g-string. About that time the phone rang, I pulled the brief case up and set it on the cooler to get to it.
****************
"Hello."
"Hey Master, how's the drive going?"
"Not bad little one. Hit rain about an hour or so ago. I'm about an hour from the mountains, and hope I can get up and over before calling it a night in case this turns to snow in the elevations over night."
"You be careful, and don't drive if you get tired Master!"
"Not a problem babe, I picked up a drowned rat named Sam to keep me company, Say Hi Sam." And turned the phone to the back.
"Hi Sam." And a raspberry to boot. I saw a nice topless dish water blond in her tiny wet lace thong in the mirror taking her shorts off. Nice pointed cone shaped B cups and decent nipples with jewelry!
"And WHY do you have another woman in the van with you?!!"
"Down girl, you know you are the head of the household and will always be number one. I had been thinking about all the wasted time with Mickey and getting more and more pissed. It started to rain and I saw a drenched hitch hiker running for the over pass to get out of the rain with a Vegas sign on the pack. I pulled over for some company to distract me and it turned out to be Sam."
"So what do you know about her?"
"Well I just picked her up a little while ago so not much. I know she is an enlightened female house painter from somewhere in Iowa. She had a run in with some of the local church ladies for painting a house with a naked crew and is headed out to Vegas for some work her sister promised her."
"Let me talk to her."
I handed the phone to Sam. "Hello... yup... Uh huh... OK!" and handed it back to me.
"Satisfied?"
"I'm sorry Master. I jumped to conclusions... I miss you already."
"I miss you too, I wish you were here going back out to the house."
"Me too Master."
"But you didn't call me to check up on me did you. What's up?"
"Well... besides the fact that I missed you Master. Brittany stopped into the office today for lunch. Seems she was so disorientated from you this morning that she thought she had to work today. Nice outfit she had on. It almost made me want to eat her. How'd you come up with that?"
"Same way you got your collars. I described what I was looking for and she found it. I had to explain what I meant by cheek spreader shorts, but other than that she picked out what I described. Gave her a nice camel toe as well. Of course that was after 'accidentally' losing her towel out in the parking lot while getting her bag. Seems she's starting to take to letting her body be appreciated."
"She didn't tell me about that Master."
"She just needs to start looking at clothes differently. I think you need to take her shopping without buying a few times to educate her about the possibilities. Then let her pick a few out on her own after that to see if she has learned anything. You know from experience it takes a bit to learn how to dress for access and to accidentally show off." She giggled on the other end. "But that can't be the only reason you called."
"Not quite, but describe your hitch hiker to me first Master."
"You want the PG or the X rated version?"
"Oh the X rated version of course Master!"
"Well I had a wet t-shirt and lace bra look first, she's about my height and about one hundred thirty pounds. Medium chest and nipples that stood out even through a bra. Once she was in the back drying off she's a medium blonde, looks like a nice pointed almost B cup, almost conical. Muscular, but I'd expect that from a working girl. I saw a glint of something at her nipples, but not sure if it's on or in and I couldn't tell you anything about her pussy other than it looks good in a wet lace thong."
I heard a cough from behind me and looked in the mirror. Sam was lying back on one elbow with a t-shirt pulled up over her tits. Knees up and spread, cupping a tit holding some large nipple jewelry up. "Sorry about that babe, I just had an update. Her nipples are pierced and she has large jewelry like Brittany, she appears to be a natural blonde with a narrow landing strip and a juicy pussy."
"How do you manage to get women to strip so quickly? I need to talk to her again Master."
"Hang on." And handed the phone back to my spread legged rider.
She looked a bit nervous. "Hello." A bit meekly. "Uh huh... NO!... a while... I SAID A WHILE... Six months... Okayyyyyyy... MASTER!!...OK, Bye." And handed me the phone back. "That was different..."
"So what was that all about?"
"Sam will explain later if she wishes, but don't pressure her Master.
The phone started beeping at me, low battery. "Hold on little one, I have to plug the charger in the battery is getting low. I'll put it on speaker."
****************
It took me a few seconds to get the charger plugged in while I was driving. "Now where were we?"
"Back to why I called. Remember I said Brittany came by for lunch. We had a nice lunch, and she asked about dressing to show. So I gave her an example. I had her stand up behind me and lean over like a server would refilling my glass. Sitting there normally was nothing special. But when I turned and shifted she could see my nipples."
"Oh I bet that took her by surprise. I can still remember my first look down your top and those delicious nipples. Made me want to reach in and tweak them."
"Master you keep talking like that and I'll have to hang up and play with myself."
"Well we can't have you needing to play with yourself in the middle of the day, so I guess you better continue." I heard a wet pussy behind me and saw fingers doing just that in the mirror.
"Thank you Master. Anyway, we discussed a few options for her. Because of her size she wouldn't be able to accidentally flash her nipples, but she could let them stand out and show lots of cleavage and lace bra or have buttons pop her top open. And of course skirts can never be too short. I had her go wandering the mall for a few hours to see all the ways the ladies are showing their figures off and then go to The Boutique and pick something out on my account, we'll see how she does."
"I'm assuming you instructed her on keeping her pussy accessible?"
"Of course Master! And I instructed her to get a short wrap around skirt for work instead of pants. She is to shift it around so she can show a leg easily and we can reach right into her pussy if we want!"
"Oh you are a thoughtful Mistress making sure I have access to her pussy even at work." Sam's eyes came open and her fingers were moving faster, one hand holding her pussy open and the other taking two fingers deep in her pussy and then coming out to dance on her clit before plunging back in her pussy.
"But the best part was when I got back to the office Master, Shelly was finally making it into the office and it was almost two!"
"Took her that long to recover from a weekend with Jake and his girls did it?"
"Not sure Master, she's still walking around in a daze, and she has a wide yellow mesh choker on!"
"So Jake has accepted her into his harem has he? Sounds like she might be the new Mistress of the group as well?"
"I think so Master. I asked her about the choker and she touched it lightly saying it was different seeing it instead of the blue one she used to wear, so it would appear so."
"That reminds me, take Brittany down and pick out her first collar and put it on her like I did yours. Get several extra if she wants, it sounds like she will be with us for a while if she's asking about how to show her figure. You can do it like we did yours." Sam was really going at her pussy and the van was smelling delicious even if she was trying to be quiet. "Hold on a second little one."
I looked in the mirror. "It's OK Sam, let it go and enjoy yourself." And looked at her pussy in the mirror. Her fingers went to town on her clit and her legs got froggy, there were all sorts of groans and then she clamped her legs together and dropped back with her fingers still trapped in her pussy.
"Sorry for the interruption little one, seems Sam was a little excited listening to our conversation. Where were we? Oh yes, Shelly making it back to the office. Could be interesting with two mistresses in one office, might have an influence on your product line..."
"You would not believe the difference Master. She's turning heads here. It's not a lot, but after the years of very conservative dresses, it's nice to see short skirts and low neck lines. She's even letting her nipples show a little. Not standing out like mine do, but nice little lumps so you know they are there."
"Are you getting wet thinking about her outfit little one? Wondering if she has any panties on?"
"Yes Master."
"Are you sitting on a towel?"
"Of course Master."
"Then I want you to think back to our first night with her. Her on her knees accepting her collar, naked and knees spread with her pussy on display for us. Her kissing your mound in acceptance, and then servicing your pussy before you came to the restaurant. Your juices all over her face."
"MASTERRRRRR!" I heard some groans from behind me as well.
"Call me later little one and let me know how it goes there with Brittany."
"Yes Master..." She said out of breath and hung up. Sam was laid back on the back seats a little out of it. Her t-shirt had dropped back down just covering her tits, but was naked from tummy on down. One leg kicked off to one side, her oozing pussy a beautiful sight.
For as down as I was earlier, I was once again in a good mood. While I couldn't do it in person it was nice I could make Nicole orgasm. It sounded like Brittany was going to stay with us, and seeing Sam sprawled on the back seats was a bonus. I hit the eight track and rolled on into the evening, thank God for cruise control! The rain had let up to just a light drizzle as it started to turn dark. About time for a gas stop. "Sam I'm going to be making a gas stop pretty soon, you might want to cover up a little."
"Uhhhhh..." And she turned over, pulled the sheet over her, and strangled my pillow.
The rain was just letting up as I pulled into the truck stop. I grabbed my wind breaker and started pumping gas. I was glad I grabbed the wind breaker, it was a cold damp wind coming off the mountains. I turned back to the van and caught quite a sight in through the side window. Sam on her back, sheets pulled down just past her t-shirt covered nipples and nice pointed tits standing straight up with hard nipples. Made me wish I had Nicole with me for a better pit stop!
The gas tripped off and I ran in and used the restroom quick. Sam was still out of it as I pulled back on the interstate and headed toward the mountains. As we started up into the mountains she woke up enough to turn around with her head up hill as we started climbing. I got a nice flash of bare ass and pussy as she did so. Man I wish I had one of my girls with me for this trip!
We leveled off near the top and I saw the signs for a rest stop coming up as Sam started to show signs of life. "Hey there sleepy head, we have a rest stop coming up and I'm not sure how far to the next one."
"Oh man, you had to say that, now I gotta pee!"
"Better slip some pants or sweats on, we're at the top and it's going to be cold."
She dug through her pack and came out with sweats just as I pulled in. She dashed out to the restroom without a jacket. She came back even faster. "GOD DAMN COLD ASS BATHROOMS, AND COLD SEATS. THEY NEVER HEARD OF HEAT UP HERE?"
I just laughed and turned the heat up and got back on the road for the trip down.
"It's not funny! I wake up from a nice warm sleep to the artic winds. Then I'm not sure what is going to happen first, my ass freezing to the toilet seat or my nipples falling off." As she rubbed her tits and nipples to warm herself, I heard a bell somewhere.
"You wouldn't be a little hungry would you?"
She glared at me. "A little."
"I would bet Brittany packed some sandwich meat and bread in the cooler. There's some Pepsi or water in there as well." She slid my briefcase back and grabbed a water and the makings for a sandwich. She laid out the bread and then put two thin slices of ham on it and was acting like she wanted to put more on it. "Go ahead and load it up, there's plenty there."
"Thanks." And put several more on and a couple of slices of cheese. "I was going to get something at the next gas stop, but I guess I slept through it."
"You slept like you needed it."
"Yeah, you could say that. I got a ride last night with a guy that was more interested in getting his hands on my thighs than he was at watching the road. I had to stay awake long enough to get to the next stop and then disappear when he was ready to leave. I wound up standing out there all night with no ride. Got a short ride this morning to just east of where you picked me up."
"Well I can't blame him, the same thought crossed my mind a dozen or so times!" and smiled at her.
She got wide eyed at that. "So why didn't you while I was out?" she asked between bites. Looking between me in my old shorts and t-shirt, my old van, and the new mobile phone charging in the center console.
"Because that would be taking advantage of you and because my ladies would disown me if they found out."
She munched a bit more of her sandwich as we drove on. She finally got the nerve up again to speak. "Can I ask you a personal question?"
"You can ask anything, I will answer as best I can if I can."
"That's fair." As she took the last bite and washed it down. "Why does your girlfriend call you master? What do you have on her?"
"I don't 'have anything on her' as you put it. And she calls me Master because she chooses to just as the other girls do. And just like they choose to call me Master, they choose to call her Mistress as head of the household."
For a minute I thought she was going to give me a water shower before she managed to swallow it. "Other girls?!! How many?" There's those bells again.
"Right now three, it was four, and I would bet in a few weeks it may drop to two. They are free to leave if they choose. Just as you would be free to leave your boyfriend if you chose to."
"Hmph, that sorry ass bailed when the church ladies made a fuss."
So that was the six month thing I bet. "Sorry you had such an unenlightened boyfriend. Hope you have better luck in Vegas. A beautiful intelligent woman should be treasured."
"YEAH RIGHT! A collage drop out with no tits. What have you been putting in your Pepsi?"
I broke out into a belly laugh, it was almost hard to drive. Good thing there wasn't much traffic on the road.
Now she was getting pissed as I started to come out of my laughing fit. "WHAT'S SO GOD DAMN FUNNY?!!" I'm hearing bells again.
"Sorry about that, it's just that I've heard that so much lately and it's so far from the truth."
"SURE!" She was still pissed.
"Sam, most of the truly HAPPY successful people I know are collage drop outs. As far as tits go I don't know many women that are happy with their size regardless of their size." She still wasn't buying it.
"OK let me give you two examples. First is Nicole, the lady you were talking to. She's five foot even and barely one hundred pounds. She's a thirty AAA cup with long nipples like my little finger and I love to nibble on them. My second lady in The City is Brittany, a twenty eight DD with jewelry like yours, and I love to nibble on her as well. Nicole previously wore heavy padded B cups to make it look like she had more and Brittany on the other hand was dressing in baggy clothes to keep people from looking at her big tits."
She still wasn't getting it. "OK, try this then. Do you like hairy chests, clean chests, or somewhere in between?"
"Somewhere in between." She said slowly, "Why?"
"Well that's one in my favor," She smiled. "But does every woman in the world like the in between chests?"
"Of course not."
"So why would guys all like the same size tits? Or just like tits instead of legs or ass?"
"Well when you put it that way...So you think I look OK?"
"Well from what I saw in the mirror you look absolutely delicious. Of course I would have to have a close...intimate... detailed...finger licking good...inspection."
"She said I could you know."
"Could what?"
"I could sample your technique. But no fucking without the approval of some guy named Gene."
I just put my head back and shook it. "Jean is a lady in Vegas, and the third of my girls."
Her eyes bugged out, her mouth dropped open and then closed slowly. We drove in silence for a bit coming out of the foot hills. I was getting tired and we were going to have to find a place to pull over.
"Do you really think I'm beautiful?" she asked staring at the windshield. "I mean I don't have my make up on or anything."
"I don't think you need make up; you look lovely just as you are. And as far as your body, well I'd certainly like to look again, but from what I saw earlier you look very edible!"
She smiled and was going to say something when the phone rang. I left it in the console and pressed the speaker button. "Hello."
"Thank you thank you thank you Master!!"
"You're welcome Brittany, but what are you thanking me for?"
"Oh Master, Mistress showed me about dressing to show accidentally. I walked around the mall for two hours looking at how some of the ladies were showing off. It was amazing all the things I saw when I started paying attention. I even saw one lady riding up and down the escalators and glass elevator putting a foot up to show her shaved pussy under her mini skirt as if nothing was happening. I caught myself wanting to reach out and taste her."
Sam had her hand in her pants, her hand moving in them in the dash lights. "Did you get an outfit at The Boutique like she told you?"
"Oh yes Master. After seeing all the ladies showing off I knew what I had to get. I got a beige silky top that let my nipples stand out and was just thin enough to let the shine from my nipple jewelry show in the right light. I got the smallest wrap around skirt they had and shifted it around so when I put my right leg up a little you see my thighs, if I put it up further you get a nice look at my pussy. Either way you can put a hand in and play with me any time you want!"
Sam had a hand up her t-shirt now as well. I said quietly. "Show me your body Sam." She hesitated a second and then dropped her sweats to the floor and pealed her t-shirt off. SHE HAD BELLS ON HER NIPPLES! I thought I'd heard bells earlier. She saw me look and made one tinkle a little with a grin as she put her left leg against my seat opening her pussy wide while she played.
"What did you say Master?"
"Nothing little one, I was talking to my hitch hiker."
"Mistress said you managed to find a hot woman on your road trip. Is she as delicious as Mistress described?"
"Hang on a second." I slowly put a finger toward her spread pussy. She didn't close up so I ran my finger up, into, and back out and up to her clit. She shuddered a little when I passed her clit. I brought my wet finger to my lips and licked it clean. "Yes little one, she tastes as good as she smells. And she has nice nipple jewelry like yours. Little bells that tinkle when she makes the right moves."
"Oh Master that sounds HOT. I had thought about putting a little bell between my pussy chains but never got the courage to do it. I'll make one up special and wear it the next time we see you." Sam raised an eyebrow at that.
"I will look forward to that. So you enjoyed your shopping did you?"
"Oh that wasn't the best part Master. Mistress took me down to Grace and Melody's shop. I got to trade in my probationary collars for a real collar. We all stripped down and presented for Mistress, then Mistress had Grace take my collars off. I was so worried until I saw the end sticking out from her hand."
"If I'd had permission I would have cum just from seeing it. She handed it to me and I presented it to her to put on me just like before. I did cum when she snapped it on me, but she said it was OK, she did the same thing when you put her first collar on her. I collapsed against her mound when I did, and then I couldn't help myself. I just had to service Mistress and she squirted in my mouth!"
"Yes little one, she came when I snapped her collar, and has squirted almost every time since." Sam was having a nice little orgasm beside me hearing that, her fingers sloshing in her pussy loud enough I didn't have to see to picture it in my mind.
"And Master, Mistress had me choose my other collars. I GOT TO PICK MY OWN COLLARS!"
"As did your Mistress little one, remember the case with all her collars at the apartment?"
"In all the excitement I forgot Master. Master, why don't you select our collars?"
"Your collars reflect your personality little one, only the color reflects the house you chose to be a part of."
"Master I wish you were here to make me cum!"
"I wish I was too little one. Are you close?"
"Yes Master."
"What about your Mistress?"
"I hope so Master, I've been playing with her pussy the whole time we've been talking but I'm not allowed to cum until she does."
"Brittany I want you to hand the phone to your mistress and then dive into her pussy and do all you can to make her cum. When she squirts in your mouth you can cum."
"YES MASTER!!"
We heard her hand the phone to Nicole as I reached over and put two fingers in Sam and held my thumb just away from her clit. She gasped when I did as she was laid back with her eyes closed playing with her tits and didn't see my hand coming toward her.
"Hello Massssssssss... Oh yea...right there..." I put my thumb against Sam's clit and started playing with it. "Oh yessssssssss" and we heard Nicole cumming and then some muted moaning that I would assume was Brittany cumming. Sam was right behind them.
"That's not fair Master."
"How does that go? All is fair in love and orgasms!"
"Mmmmmmmm"
"I'm told you gave permission for some playing out here?"
"Yes Master. I can't be there and I didn't want you to be frustrated with a hot hitch hiker."
"Thank you my love. I'm going to hang up now. You two get some sleep and I'm going to help out the hot hitch hiker you two have gotten all worked up. And get a speaker phone for the apartment so we can all talk at once. Sleep well."
"Good night Master." And she hung up.
"Crawl in back and get comfortable Sam, I'm going to find a place to pull over." As I licked her juices from my fingers. She shook her finger at me and crawled between the seats to sprawl butt up and legs spread on the sheets. I could just detect the glint of her juicy pussy in the dash lights. I found an old abandoned gas station and pulled in under the canopy in case it started raining again. I stripped down and crawled in beside Sam and pulled the covers over expecting to get some sleep.
"What do you think you're doing mister?"
"Relax Sam, just getting some sleep."
"Like hell you are! She said I could have some fun with you. I can't have you in my pussy, but I'm damn well going to get a load down my throat. The only question is if you're going to eat me at the same time?"
I chuckled. "Well since you put it that way I would be more than happy to sample your charms. But I have to warn you, I've had this naked hot babe riding with me for a while and it won't take much to make me cum."
"Oh goodie!" and dived under the blanket. She latched onto my cock before she had lifted a leg over my face. I could hear her bells tinkle as she moved back and forth, up and down around my cock, working the head with her tongue. When I spread her pussy and lapped her from clit to ass she pushed her way down and got most of me in and groaned around my cock. She was working me like a woman who knew her way around a cock.
Alternating between nice slow deep strokes and quick mouth fucks followed by sucking just the head and running her tongue around the flange. I was picturing her sitting on the seat beside me spread for my viewing pleasure as I ran my tongue in and out and around her clit. Pulling her lips between mine and stretching them between mine while squeezing her ass and running my finger over her rosebud, feeling her quiver as it did.
Sam was really getting into trying to take me most of the way down her throat, and the last few deep slow sucks was all I could take before I started pumping into her. She rewarded me with a nice little orgasm to drink from! Her pussy really flowing to my waiting mouth while I held her to me and played with her ass. Taking little licks at her lips to get every last bit before she slid off me.
"Second best way to end a day.", as she turned back around and curled up to sleep, spooning in front of me, then reaching back to put my softening cock in the crack of her ass before pushing back against me, trapping me there between us.
For those of you that have stuck with me on this series, thank you. And don't forget to scroll down a bit further to vote, it is appreciated. But remember... it is a series!
Comments from the ladies would be appreciated... I haven't seen any yet...