Crystal walks into the club in her tight black bustier and smiles sheepishly for the first time in her life almost like she is was shy. She walked to the back of the club surrounded by her group of young ladies where they gathered to see what sort of place this dungeon was. First thing that was seen was a St. Andrew's cross taking up the left wall near the DJ booth and another one across from it. There was a variety of leather goods in one corner which included masks and whips of all lengths and styles. In the far corner there was a stage with a table and other dinning room amenities for a scene to play out later that evening. Near the couches there was a leather bound waist height A-frame which will be center stage for what will happen to her soon enough.
The bustier barely held in her nipples and pushed the top of her breasts towards her chin creating that round shape that grabs every man's attention. Her attire fit just right in this place. Most everyone there had sex sewn into their costumes as well. She had asked me to meet her here to 'play' with her. I am to dominate her while she is to accept her punishment like the bad little girl that she is. Neither of those roles are what we are in our pedestrian life, but they will be played out tonight.
With all caution thrown out the window for this evening the adventure begins with her asking to be dominated as she leans over the leather bound A-frame. This is where fantasy takes over from reality and the blindfold goes over her eyes. A light rope wraps around her wrists which is drawn tight behind her back. A wisp of silk used as a small skirt barely covers her bottom cheeks and it is quickly moved aside to expose her bare bottom and T-back panties. A heavy leather flogger is chosen and a light drawl of the tail drags across her backside. The pattern of strikes on her ass continues with increasing pressure and speed.
Continuing the strikes with another toy and then another, her ass begins to get some more color and the reactions of her body become more evident. I sooth the sting that she is feeling with a gentle caress of my hand on her tender skin. A cane is next and the reaction is taken up a level. Her jumping and wriggling is exciting to watch and I find that I have to adjust myself because of the growth in my loins I am feeling. At this time an assistant takes over and continues the thumping on her bottom with a hairbrush.
I move to the front while she is jumping to the strikes she is receiving from the other side. There I lift the blindfold up so she can just see what is just in front of her eyes. Her head is crotch level so she is able to see the bulge in my slacks and not much else while I am standing in front of her like that. I reach down and trace my fingers over the back of her next and around to her breasts. I grasp them in the palms of my hands briefly and then slip my fingers under the garment and work her nipples from underneath the delicate fabric so they are exposed to the world. I pinch each nipple between my fingers and thumbs and feel them grown large and firm. By this time I am sure she can see the growth that is happening by my excitement right in front of her eyes.
I leave her exposed like that and move back to help on the other side of things. She is still being struck on her bottom and now there are others touching her back and legs and thighs. I grab one of the whips I turn it backwards and place a condom over the handle of the whip. It goes right to work rubbing over her panties and touching very sensitive spots on her. There is a reaction to this by a grinding of her hips and a slight moan. I pull her panties to the side and rub the handle over her lips and immediately see it glistening with wetness. Back and forth over her clit it goes with a twist and another nice moan is heard from her. I press the end of the whip and part her lips and it pushed into her pussy with the help of all of the natural lubricants that covers it. The handle is pressed deeper in and out of her while her hips gyrate with pleasure. After a few minutes of that I hand that whip off to one of the girls to keep her filled.
Moving around to the other side I stand in front of her eyes where it is evident that I am excited. I need to release the pressure of the confinement and I unbutton my pants to release my hard on directly in front of her eyes. It is already throbbing with the thrill of being exposed in front of this crowd in a public place as well as being so close to Crystal's eyes.
I grasp my exposed cock and I point the tip down so it rubs on and around her plump nipples. I press it against one nipple and then the next nipple while leaving drips of pre-cum on her chest. I ask for assistance from one of her friends watching from the couch and a hot redhead dressed as a sexy Queen of Heart's offers her assistance. I instruct her to reach around from behind me and hold my cock and use it on Crystal as I use my hands on her Crystal's back. She is quick to comply and holds my cock with one hand while her other hand plays with Crystal's exposed nipples.
I feel my cock being gripped oh so nicely while it is being dragged on Crystal's soft cheek and over her moist lips and down to her ample nipples over and over. I am looking over her back watching as she is still being penetrated by the handle of the whip and another girl is still striking her lightly with a cane. I can just reach to be able to use my hand to spank her as well as I feel lips wrap around the tip of my cock and then a tongue. The hand is still wrapped around my cock and the rest of it has been drawn deep into Crystal's mouth. All of this stimulation and soon I explode into her mouth and down her throat. She keeps her lips wrapped around me as the 'Queen' behind me has her hands still wrapped around the base as it pulses. I am completely spent as is Crystal still bent over with her red ass up in the air for all to see. We clean up and leave Crystal tied up in place for the rest of the evening while we have a few drinks and some good conversations.