My name is Aris and I am a 30 years old lawyer living on a Greek Island. This is the story of me and my sister Eleni.
***
We were born into a prosperous family, living in a small town. Our currently retired father was an idealistic and hardworking medical doctor. He lost his father from tuberculosis at a very young age and was raised in poverty by her mother and uncles, who were farmers at that time. According to his uncles, he had to stay in town, work in the fields and become a farmer himself, too. But his mother devoted herself to his education. Thanks to her mother and his determination, he managed to go to the med school and become a successful doctor. After his graduation, he decided to return back to his home town, where he was well-respected in the community. He was expecting the same diligence, discipline and determination from us and wanted us to be the perfect students.
Our mother was a housewife. Since our father was a hardworking man and spending long hours at work, she has been the biggest influence on our lives. She was coming from a religious family. In fact, her father was a priest. Therefore, she was a pretty conservative woman and tried to raise us the same way. Well, she almost succeeded. Besides visiting the church every Sunday, she always pushed us to behave as good Christians. She was judging our every move to prevent us from committing sins and frightening us with hell. So, I can say that, we had a very boring childhood under the pressure of our parents. We were seeing the college as our salvation.
Eleni is two years older than me. After her 17th birthday, she moved to the big city for college. Our father rented an apartment near the campus, so that they can visit Eleni from time to time. It was a small apartment, which was only 52 square meters wide, with just one bedroom and one living room. There was a little kitchen in the corner of the living room and the bathroom was just big enough for one person. However, Eleni was incredibly excited for having her own private apartment hundreds of miles away from our parents. Nevertheless, my mother was visiting her at least once a month and staying there for a few days. Two years later, when I was 18, I started the same college with Eleni and had to move to the same apartment. Of course, I had to sleep in the living room but I was as excited as Eleni. It was our home after all.
***
Around the middle of her first year, Eleni met a guy and started dating him. His name is Kostas and he is almost ten years older than her. He was a talented painter and was doing a lot of different things to earn his living; like selling his works on exhibitions, doing illustrations for magazines, creating book covers, giving painting lessons and so on.
As far as I know, he is the first guy she dated. Neither I nor Eleni had a relationship before. Of course, she didn't tell our parents but she was very eager to talk about him with me during our phone conversations. She was always talking about him; where they went together, what they did together, what he said, how she answered, what they ate, how they walked, how they laughed and so on. It was so obvious that she was deep in love with him.
I had the chance to meet Kostas in person just after I moved to Eleni's apartment. He was an interesting man; always cheerful and talkative. I liked him the first day I met. He liked me, too. We were getting along well. I think he also was having a pity on me, since the time I confessed him that I still was a virgin.
"What?" He exclaimed. "Are you serious?"
I nodded and started to talk about my parents.
"Yeah, I know," he said. "I heard the story from Eleni. That's sad man."
***
My sister loved Kostas very much. Well, even more than love... She adored him. Any requests he made were like an order for her. She simply couldn't say 'no' to him, as if it was her primary task to please him. I felt that she had a submissive side. I witnessed a few times that she did things reluctantly just to make him happy. For example, she went to a party thrown buy a guy named Vasilis, a rich gallery owner she disliked (due the reasons which I discovered much later), just before her midterm exams. I remember her coming back home next day like a mess. Another time, she had to pose for several hours during his painting lessons.
Obviously, he had a great effect on Eleni. He changed her in the past one and a half year a lot. She didn't care much about her grades anymore. She was going out more often, laughing more often, wasn't getting upset anymore. She even changed her dressing style, just because Kostas asked her to be more dashing. Earlier, she usually wore baggy clothes and jeans not to draw much attention.
It was the fifth or sixth day after I moved to Eleni's apartment. My mother was just gone back to home after she helped me to settle down. I was home alone and watching TV. The doorbell rang. I opened the door and there stood my sister, looking completely different; a real knockout in her clothes. I almost didn't recognize her. She was wearing a tight white blouse, emphasizing her large breasts -even showing a little cleavage- a black and white plaid skirt just above her knees and thin black stockings under it. Unlike her usual ponytail, she had her hair done and she wore a full makeup. It was the first time that I realized how charming her big emerald-green eyes are. I didn't know earlier how plump her lips really were. There she was, not a kid anymore. All grown up...
"Eleni? Is that you?" I said.
She just smiled and said laughingly, "Don't tell my mom."
***
Eleni and Kostas were going out few nights a week and she was staying once or twice a month at Kostas's house, which he shared with some of his fellows. Following those nights, she usually returned home spent and slept all day in her room. Kostas stayed at our apartment once in a week or two as well. They were sleeping in Eleni's room together. They were trying to keep their voice low but I could hear that they were being naughty there. I was having mixed feelings during those actions. I was trying to distract myself so that I don't pay attention to their sounds but damn, I was still a virgin who just left puberty and those sounds were hot. Having an erection by listening to the sounds of my sister's actions behind closed doors was making me feel dirty and ashamed. I don't know whether she felt the same way, but the days after those actions, I was having difficulties to look into her eyes or talking to her.
At one of those nights, after they had sex, Eleni opened the door of her room and walked on tiptoe towards the fridge. She had a thin satin nightgown on her. I laid there on my couch bed, watching, as she opened the fridge and was looking for something. I watched her silhouette under the fridge's light. One year ago, I even didn't know that she had curves, but there, she stood with the most beautiful body I ever saw in my life. "Wow, what a body!" I said to myself. I felt myself blush as I cast my eyes over my sister. She looked lovely... No. She was much more than that. She looked sexy and desirable. Any man who saw her would have felt the same, but being her brother, I felt a pang of compunction.
With the beginning of March, the weather got warmer. It was the time when Eleni's skirts became shorter and her blouses were showing more cleavage. It was very difficult for me to get used to her new appearance. To my bad luck, the sexiest girl I ever met in my life was my sister. I couldn't hold myself taking glimpses of her legs or cleavage. Maybe she never noticed or just didn't care but Kostas knew that I used every chance to steal glances between her legs and down under her blouse. I know, because he caught me several times.
Especially that one time, I was so embarrassed that I wanted to run away when he caught me ogling at the splendid display of her soft breasts. She was leaning forward to tie her shoes and her breasts were bursting. When I realized what I was doing, I moved my eyes away and saw that Kostas was looking at me. I felt incredibly embarrassed and didn't know what to do, but he didn't look angry or offended. He was just grinning from ear to ear. I thought he found it funny.
***
A few weeks later, sometime in April, Kostas and Eleni went to a concert in the campus, which ended at a very late time. It was around 3 am in the morning as they opened the front door. When they entered the apartment, Eleni was trying to be quiet but Kostas turned the lights on and jumped on my couch joyfully.
"Hey, wake up pal. We're home!" he called out.
"Kostas?" said Eleni. "Why do you wake him up?"
"Why not?" he replied. "It's still early. We can have a little chat with my buddy here, can't we?"
"Hi Kostas," I said as I was rubbing my eyes.
"Come on pal, have some beer!"
"Hey, leave him alone," Eleni said. "Excuse him, Aris, he's drunk."
"So you are," he said laughingly.
"No, no. It's fine." I said while straightening up on the couch. I took the beer he offered.
"Glad to see you here, Kostas. How are you doing?"
"Great, pal," he said.
Soon we started talking while having our drinks. Eleni sat next to him to join our small talk. She kicked off her shoes and pulled her legs up onto the couch, letting Kostas to put his arm on her shoulder. After the second beer, they started cuddling. After the third one, Kostas tried to kiss Eleni on the lips, but she blushed and resisted futilely.
"Come on, just one," he said and planted a little kiss on her lips.
One kiss followed another and soon they started making out right in front of me. I saw them earlier kissing each other but this time it was more. Alcohol was having its effect on them. I was startled and didn't know what to do but watching. I've never expected to see my sister in such a position. Their eyes were closed and Eleni was faintly moaning. A few seconds later, I saw Kostas open his eyes and our eyes met. He smiled and blinked at me and closed his eyes again, leaving me with a big question mark in my mind. His left hand was on my sister's shoulder and his right hand was moving on her body. He was feeling her smooth legs, got to her hem and started inching it up, feeling up her supple, smooth outer thigh. Seeing her white, silky skin under her plaid skirt was a very erotic sight for me and I felt blood rushing into my penis.
"Come on man, this is your sister for God's sake!" I said to myself. I was trying to look away but simply couldn't. A feeling of guilt was rushing through my body but the desire to see more of her body was overwhelming. Her skirt rose almost till her ass. I watched Kostas to explore her thigh and ass with his fingers. Suddenly, Eleni came to her senses. She broke the kiss and whispered him with a pleading tone.
"No. Please, honey."
I quickly took a sip from my beer and looked away, hoping that she didn't catch me watching her. But she didn't care about me. She was busy trying to move Kostas's hand away from her legs. However, Kostas did one more attempt and started to kiss her again. She couldn't resist and kissed back. I felt that she was melting in his arms. Kostas was exploring her body with her hands. Once again, she hardly broke the kiss and slowly stood up while looking deep in his eyes with a pleading expression on her face.
"I beg you, dear," she said again panting. "Please..."
She took his hand in her hands.
"Let's go to sleep."
Kostas was looking into her eyes.
"Please," she said again. Kostas smiled, nodded and stood up. She led him to her room.
"Good night, Aris," Eleni said to me and they walked together into her room.
There, I was lying on my couch, listening to their voices, dazed and trying to make sense of what I just experienced.
"It's the alcohol," I said to myself. "Just stupid things drunk people do."
My dick was rock hard while listening their kissing, moaning and heavily breathing. Soon, the rhythmic squeaking sounds started. That night, I could not sleep till dawn.
The following day, I had a terrible headache. What I saw and felt was too much for me. I didn't know how to act and how to talk to them. So, we all pretended as if nothing has ever happened. We made our breakfast casually and never brought up this subject. However, the following weeks, Kostas came over to us more frequently. He was staying at our apartment at least once or twice a week. Their love making sessions got louder and bolder. They didn't care about my presence anymore. Besides, every time after they had sex, Kostas was sending her to the kitchen to grab a beer and giving me an opportunity to check her sexy body in a sheer nightgown or a shirt which barely covers her ass. I was watching her but at the same time, I was repeating inside "That's wrong... That's wrong..." Even though I had a very strong urge to masturbate, I was holding myself. For me, it was an incredible sin to jack off thinking my sister. I was trying to sleep with my balls hurting but proud being preserving my morality.
***
The story began almost the same way at the second time, when they made out in front of me. This time, the lights were off and the room was dim under the lights coming out of TV. After a few beers, first they cuddled and then Kostas made his move. He pulled Eleni toward him and as one hand went round her waist the other stopped her hand from resisting and he kissed her full on the lips. Soon, his hands were working on her breasts as he kissed her neck and earlobe. His hand crept up the blouse to one of the buttons. Using two fingers, he carefully opened one button and then the next, until her cleavage was fully exposed. The blouse fell slightly apart and her half-cup bra covered breasts came into view. As his fingers slipped inside her blouse she opened her eyes wide, remembering my existence in the room.
"Please!" begged Eleni, "This is going too far, stop it now."
He turned her head and kissed her hard on the lips forcing his tongue into her mouth. Still holding her down, his spare hand returned to her tits and he began to knead and squeeze them. Then, his hand crept to her legs, to the inside of her thigh. His head dropped and he took her nipple into his mouth through her bra and sucked. A few seconds later, the cup of her bra was peeled down and I could see her naked nipples, first time in my life. Sometimes the lights coming out of the TV were being brighter and I could see all of her beauty, licked by Kostas. As his fingers and tongue worked away Eleni was heavily breathing. Then she made another attempt.
"I beg you, honey. Please," she said nervously and tried to stop him.
Kostas did not stop. Squeezing her thigh, he pushed her skirt higher, revealing her seductive panties. Eleni held his hand and stood quickly up. She did not say anything this time. She was just looking deep into his eyes with a pleading look as she adjusted her bra and refastened the buttons on her blouse. Kostas was heavily panting. He looked into her eyes, then nodded and followed her into their room. My dick was about to explode. I put all my inhibitions aside and masturbated furiously listening to their love making session.
The guilt I felt after the ejaculation was so dense that I was having a fight in myself. Images from our childhood were floating in my mind. We were always best friends and were always close. On the other hand, even though she was only 2 years older than me, she always treated me as her little brother; being always protective and supportive.
"How could you?" I asked to myself. "She is your sister, man! You grew up together. How dare you? I mean, seeing her that way? Seriously! You are a pervert!"
But at the same time, the pictures of her silky legs and round, puffy tits were coming into my mind, which made me immediately hard. One part of me was being a pervert and the other part of me was trying to kick that pervert out of me. At the end, the pervert in me won and I jacked off one more time. Then, I fell asleep.
Next day, the unwritten rule between us was still valid and the things happened at nights were never spoken in the daylight. Kostas was still being friendly and my sister was still acting as my big sister.
****
A few weeks later, on a hot evening in May, my sister and I were at home and watching TV. The doorbell rang and Kostas dropped by. He had a fancy plastic bag with him. He took a drink from the fridge, sat down on a couch and started to talking about his day. After a while, he handed the bag to Eleni.
"I have a surprise for you, honey," he said with a cheerful tone. "Vasilis invited us to his boat for the weekend. We can have a short vacation before your finals exams."
Eleni looked surprised.
"Boat?" she said. "I didn't know he had a boat?"
"He just bought a yacht!"
"Wow!" she said. "That's... fantastic."
I could feel the hesitation in her voice. "But... You know, I still have to study."
I knew she didn't like Vasilis at all.
"Come on," said Kostas. "This will be a great weekend. And you know Vasilis. He'd feel offended, if we reject his offer."
"Do we really have to?" she asked.
"Yes, my love. We have to go," answered Kostas. "And we will have fun. You'll enjoy every moment."
"If you say so, fine," she said.
Then she pointed the bag.
"What's in it?"
"A little present from Vasilis," he answered.
"A present from Vasilis?" I thought. "Why the hell is he buying a present for my sister?"
Eleni looked puzzled, too. She opened the wrapping curiously. She was holding a red bikini in her hand with a questioning look on her face. Kostas noticed her curiosity.
"Well, we were having lunch with Vasilis and talking about my next exhibition. Once we cleared out things, he mentioned about his new yacht and said the he wanted to host us there. I was like 'why not?' I've never been on a yacht before. I thought it could be a great opportunity for us to relax a little. Then I remembered that you needed a new bikini and I was already near a shopping mall. Considering that we won't be able to find time together to go shopping, I wanted to make you a surprise. Vasilis was so kind and walked with me. We selected this one together and he insisted to pay. So, in theory, this is a present from him. So, why don't you try it on?"
"Now?" she asked.
"Of course," he said. "I look forward to see you that thing on you."
"Ok," she said and went to her room to change.
"You'll like it too," whispered Kostas to me with an evil grin on his face.
After a while, Eleni called out from inside.
"That's a beautiful bikini, Kostas. It suits very well."
"Let me see it," said Kostas.
"You'll already see it on me on Saturday."
"But I want to see it now, honey."
"Well, ok," she said and opened the door a little bit. Hiding behind the door, she popped her head out and said, "Come in."
"Me? Why don't you come out?" asked Kostas.
"Well, that's... A little revealing."
"What? Are you embarrassed of Aris? Honey, he is your brother. I'm sure he's seen you a lot. Come on. He wants to see you, too. Come out, please."
"Nooo," she whined.
Suddenly, Kostas's voice changed from joyful to a serious tone.
"Eleni, you'll come out of that room. Right now!"
I heard she took a deep breath. She didn't say anything and slowly stepped out. She had her arms crossed on her chest. Kostas reached and opened her arms. She looked amazing. That was the skimpiest bikini I ever saw a girl wearing in real life. It left nothing to imagination, much better than her late night exposures in the dim light. It was basically three small triangles of bright red fabric and string, each triangle covering Eleni's modesty. On the top piece of the bikini, the triangles almost covered her large areolas, leaving just a fraction of the edge on view. Her nipples were clearly aroused and poking out of the thin material. The thong was minute, just covering her mound and her pubes which had obviously been trimmed. It clung to her form and her labia were clearly outlined by the fabric. I never thought she would ever wear something so revealing in public. I found myself mesmerized, staring at her curves.
"Turn around a little, honey," said Kostas.
With her cheeks red as blood, she turned around and showed us her back. I was almost having a heart attack. Her ass cheeks were fully exposed, the thong string had disappeared between them. It was the most I had ever seen of Eleni's body. Then I noticed that Kostas was looking at me while I closely inspecting my sisters incredible body.
"How do you find it?" he asked.
I was speechless.
'Great' was the only thing that I could say. The evil grin on his face became bigger.
As my desire into my sister grew bigger, they spent the weekend at the yacht. I masturbated a few times imagining her body, which are immediately followed by a feeling of guilt.
On their return, Eleni was exhausted and had to sleep all day long. She did not talk much about their short vacation. She only responded with short answers to my questions. She just showed a dozen of photos, most of them were showing landscape. She showed me only two pics with her in them. In one of them, she was lying in the sun with Kostas. In the next one, Kostas, Eleni, Vasilis and three other men were posing on the board of the yacht. She said they were friends of Vasilis. In both of the pictures, Eleni was displaying her gorgeous body proudly within her tiny bikini.
****
One week later, Eleni and Kostas arrived home around midnight with a big bottle of tequila. We were sitting in the living room, drinking tequila shots, chatting and laughing. We were all drunk... More drunk than usual. Kostas was insisting Eleni to drink more shots. While she was having her sixth shot, he looked into my eyes with a wide grin on her lips. Honestly speaking, I was expecting something to happen and wishing to see more of my sister's private parts. That grin made it clear that something was coming soon.
As expected, they started cuddling and kissing each other again. I watched them kissing and fondling each other for almost five minutes. His hands were moving all over her body. Then at some point, he moved one hand on her knee and stopped there. His other hand was on her face and fondling her cheek as he was kissing her lips with an open mouth. He started slowly moving up, stroking her legs and rising her skirt up. When he reached to her panties, he paused there a little and gently moved up to her chest.
He was fondling her breasts over the shirt. The top two buttons were already open. Kostas's fingers reached up the third button and he playfully unbuttoned it with one hand. Moving downward, he quickly did the same to the next one. I could see the pillow-like tops of her full, fleshy tits past the gaping opening of her soft, silky shirt.
As Eleni tried to hold his hand, Kostas quickly moved his hand away from her chest. He then started kissing her neck and moved his hand down to stroke her legs again. He leaned forward and kissed her, first lightly, then harder as he reached behind her and unhooked her bra. His lips slowly moved a little down and he kept on sucking the top of her breasts. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning. Once more his lips found hers and unbeknown to her, he quickly unbuttoned the rest of the buttons and all too soon her shirt was completely open. I was eagerly watching him with my dick rock hard and my heart pounding like crazy. I was hoping to see my sister's tits naked first time under the bright light of my living room's lamp. He put the palms of his hands on her stomach and ran them up to her breasts. Lifting the front of her bra upward, her gorgeous breasts came into view, which was driving me crazy. There was no sign of guilt within me; the only thing I felt was pure lust. He cupped her breast once again letting her pink nipples poke out between his thumb and index fingers. She was weakly trying to close the front of her shirt but Kostas's hands were preventing her to do that. Pinching the nipples with his fingers, he watched as they hardened, then kissed down her neck and moved his mouth to her breast, sucking in first her left nipple, before moving to the right nipple. I could hear her breath quicken as he ran his tongue in tiny circles. Between her quick breaths, she was constantly murmuring.
"Mmmhh...Enough... Kostas...Arrghh...Enough."
However, she didn't do anything to stop him. He kept kissing and fondling her. She was still murmuring in a trans with her eyes closed.
"No..Mmmhhh...My brother," she said.
"Let him watch", he whispered to her ear and started sucking her earlobe. She was like electrified.
"Let him admire your magnificent body," he whispered.
While he was still kissing her lips, neck and earlobes alternatively, he moved his body aside and pushed her shirt apart so that her breasts were completely exposed. Her eyes were closed, her face was blushed and her cheeks became red. I could read her embarrassment from her face but she didn't cover herself. Just for a brief time, she held the hem of her shirt, as if she wanted to close the front, but after a short hesitation, she left it and her hands fell aside. She was willingly exposing her body to me; her brother. Kostas led her to lie on the couch with her feet on the floor.
I barely heard her whisper, "Why can't I stop you?"
I was far behind from being ashamed. I wanted to see her tits in all its glory so I leaned over to give her body an intense inspection. I felt pre-cum leaking from my dick.
"She has lovely tits, hasn't she?" asked Kostas to me. I nodded. He was right. They were like two puffy, round cotton balls with gorgeous pink nipples.
"Do you want to touch them?" asked Kostas again. I didn't know what to say. I looked at Eleni's face and saw that she was still keeping her eyes closed. I expected her to protest but she was just biting her lower lip and didn't show any resistance. I looked at Kostas with a questioning face.
"Come on," he said. "Come closer."
I approached to Eleni and watched her expression again. I was looking for a sign of approval. She was just lying there, heavily breathing and waiting obediently for me to touch her body. I could hear the pulse of my heart as I was gently reaching her right tit. There it was...More than a handful...
The first tit I touched belonged to my own sister. It was soft and silky. I held her other breast in my other hand. I was trying to be gentle but the feeling was so intense that I had a strong urge to squeeze them. I played with them for a while and then I took her nipples between my fingers.
"How do you like it?" asked Kostas.
"Nice," I said. "Very nice."
"Good," he said. "Now move a little back, pal."
It was painful for me to leave those perfect tits, but I backed away not to upset them. Maybe they needed a little privacy now. I was expecting them to walk to their room but they were still there and I was still watching my exposed sister. Kostas once again started to kiss her and squeeze her tits. Eleni was still lying there, not making a single move like she was under a spell. This went on for a few minutes and then Kostas reached under her skirt.
"Just move up a little," said Kostas.
She didn't respond.
"Honey?" said Kostas.
She murmured, "Not here."
"I want it here and now," said Kostas. Eleni was trying to resist but she was so weak and couldn't do anything.
"Kostas..." she said barely.
"You want it, too, baby. Aren't you?" he said.
"That's wrong," she whispered.
"Do you love me, honey?"
"Yes," she hissed. "With all my heart."
"Then show me how much you love me."
She didn't say anything but just let out a groan.
"Come on baby, do it."
She lifted her ass a little up.
"Just a little more baby," he said.
She moved her ass a little more. Kostas quickly reached deep under her skirt and removed her panties with one quick movement. My heart almost stopped. I swear that I could smell her womanly scent coming between her legs. She was trying to keep them together. Slowly, Kostas peeled his pants and boxer down, his erect penis coming into view. He gently held my sister's knees with both his hands and parted them apart. He placed himself between her legs, adjusted his penis with his hand and slowly pushed himself forward. Just a moan came out of Eleni's mouth, when he was completely in. Then Kostas started to pump in and out.
Eleni's skirt was blocking my view, I couldn't see the real action below but I could hear his balls slap my sister's ass. With each of his thrusts, her breasts were swaying and my dick was hurting me in my pants.
"Whatever!" I said and freed my dick. I started masturbating while watching them.
"Open your eyes honey," said Kostas. "Look what he is doing."
Eleni opened her eyes and looked at my side.
"You like it?" asked Kostas. She nodded.
"Tell me!"
"I like it."
"What do you like? Come on, tell me love."
"I like him to masturbate."
"While?"
"While he watches me...While he is watching you fuck me."
"Yesss..." hissed Kostas. "Do you want me to show him more?"
She closed her eyes, bit her lover lip and nodded hesitantly. Kostas held her ankles and placed her legs on his shoulders. He moved her skirt up and now her little pink pussy, assaulted by his penis, came into view. My movements became faster.
"Look," said Kostas again. "Open your eyes love... Watch. He's cumming."
Eleni once again looked at my dick. I couldn't hold myself much and started cumming in my hand. Her eyes were locked on my jizz. At the same time, I heard Kostas groan and he pumped in till the end a few times and came in her pussy.
We all laid there a few minutes, trying to catch our breaths. Then, the quickly gathered themselves and went to their room, leaving me in the living room with my jizz in my hand and the incredible memories in my mind.