Hello, my name is Riya, I'm a twenty one year-old college student living in a posh area of Mumbai, and for the past year or so I've noticed that I've become something of a tease. I've even started wearing shorter skirts and tighter tops to college.
It was especially obvious when one morning while walking up a stairway to another class I dropped a couple of books on the steps, and while bending down to pick them up I gave whoever it was behind me a pretty full view of my ass, covered only in whatever pair of panty I was wearing at the time. I distinctly heard favorable comments on what they saw, and when I cleared the landing halfway up I glanced behind me to see a few guy's grinning. I returned a smile and went on my way.
That experience sent a funny feeling through me I had never felt before, and I liked it. I decided to experiment the next day to see If I could get the same results, so I wore another of my shortest skirts with the sexiest pair of panties I had. They were red, and as I bent over in front of my mirror I noticed how tightly they lay against my butt. I could clearly make out my pussy mound in the mirror also. I was now ready to see what happens at college.
First hour physics class ended and it was now time to climb the stairs to Mr. Gupta's mathematics class. As I walked the hall toward the stairway I noticed a small group of guy's hanging around the bottom of the stairs as though they were waiting for something to watch. I smiled at a couple of them as I started my journey. I hope I won't be disappointed.
Almost to the landing, I "accidently" dropped a few books and bent over to pick them up. It took several seconds to pick up my books and in this time I know I heard a someone say "Whoa, check it out!" As I cleared the landing I looked down to see some satisfied expressions from the guy's faces. I was now hooked. I had become a confirmed exhibitionist.
In order to avoid the title of "slut" at college, I decided to limit my hobby there, but have fun on my own time like at home or at the mall. Especially a mall further away from my side of town. While the mall is a story for another day, so many good memories there.
At home, my two years younger brother Anand frequently had a few of his class friends over to play video games and do boy stuff. It had been over a year since they both crossed eighteen and their visits had started becoming more eventful ever since. I felt a little tease once in awhile might make their visits a little more interesting.
I usually paraded around the house in short cut-offs and small tops, but when Mom and Dad were out of the house I got rid of my bra and panties. My flimsy little tops seemed a little more interesting to my brothers friends when they got to see my a-cup titties and visible nipples. They were loose fitting tops that showed all of my flat tummy.
One time I was sitting in the recliner enjoying a romance novel while Anand and a few of his friends were watching wwe on TV when I had to stretch. I reached my arms above my head, stretched my legs and yawned. Then I noticed the surprised look in the way my brothers friends were looking at me. Stretching my arms over my head and leaning back in the chair the way I was pulled up my short top completely exposing my titties and puffy nipples. I never would've noticed had they not been staring. That made me so horny that I had to borrow Mom's vibrator and go to my room and masturbate.
Another time I was out in the sea facing balcony sunning myself when Anand and his friends Arjun and Rohan came home and immediately started with the computer games. I could hear them talking and making a lot of noise from the other room where the computer was placed. Both rooms had a balcony which though not connected was definitely visible along with a view of the wonderful sea.
Maybe one of them took a stroll for a view and noticed me laying on the other balcony. Then I heard one of them say... "Look! riya's outside tanning herself on the other balcony!" I started getting that funny feeling in my pussy again. "Holy crap!" said the other. Yep, I was definitely getting horny now. "C'mon guys, it's only riya, who want's to go first here?" Anand tried his best to keep his friends attention.
I felt very flattered. Apparently they didn't know how well I could hear them from the other balcony. "We wanna watch riya in her bikini, maybe we can see her titties or pussy." one of them said. "Yeah!" said the other, "That would be so cool!" I was challenged here, thank god Anand didn't hear those comments. I was already wearing my new skimpy bikini so get as much tan, so how am I supposed to show any more than I am now without showing nipple or bare pussy? Plus my room door was locked so they couldn't enter directly, so I had to think.
I decided to go in for a drink to cool off a little wore a loose and big tee. Then I poked my head into Anand's room. "Whatcha guy's doing?" I asked with a smile. "Nuthin'." Anand answered. Rohan and Arjun kept staring at me. "I need someone to rub suntan oil on my back." I said. Anands friends looked at each other in disbelief. "I'll do it."
They both said at the same time. "OK," I said. "Let's go." Arjun and Rohan followed me out to my room balcony where I quickly got rid of the tee and I laid down on my tummy and invited each of them to apply at will. I untied both straps of my top and just lay there waiting to see what happens next. Arjun dripped oil down the center of my back and they both soon began giving me a rubdown. I had never experienced four hands on my body before, but let me tell you, it was wonderful. My pussy was tingling like never before. "How much do you want covered?" Rohan asked. "Everywhere you see skin." I said.
Their hands were all over my back, shoulders, and even my sides near my titties. A minute or so later I sat up on my elbows to take a sip of my soda and Arjun snuck a feel of my nipple as he was still rubbing my side. I smiled at him and he did it again. I didn't lay back down for several minutes because I enjoyed the way they each played with my nipples which were completely exposed. "Don't forget my legs, you two." I said. "We won't." they both chuckled under their breath. I knew they were getting pretty turned on by all this, so I decided to up the ante.
Not forgetting I was still topless, I knelt up on one side to pull my bikini bottoms into my butt crack allowing Arjun a great side view of my tits. He took advantage of this and began playing with my nipple again. Then I did the same for Rohan. It was so cute the way their jaws dropped. "You can rub some oil on my butt too." I offered.
They eagerly began massaging my nearly bare ass. I then spread my legs, but just a little. I could also hear them whisper to themselves. "Damn! I can't believe how sexy she is." Arjun whispered. "I know!" Rohan whispered back. I couldn't keep track of who's hands were rubbing what at this point, but I'm certain I could feel a finger touch my pussy through my bottoms once in a while. This prompted me to spread my legs a little more.
This must've sent the signal that I enjoyed their touching my pussy through the fabric. "Holy fuck!" Rohan whispered. "There's a wet spot in her crotch!" he said. "Yeah, I see it." Arjun answered. Then I had another idea. "Would you guy's mind if I untied my bottoms? I don't want tan lines there." I said. "Uh.. That would be Ok with us." They stammered.
So I once again leaned up on Arjun's side completely exposing my right tit for his pleasure slowly untying my bottom. I then smiled at him. I saw an "Oh Fuck" escape from his lips as he stared at my young titties and tender puffy nipples. Now it was Rohan's turn. I again leaned up on my right side now, reaching back to untie my bottoms, being sure to take my time so he could get to see as much of my titties as he could. "You two may apply oil to my butt if you wish." I said, and immediately they did.
I could feel their hands all over my butt. I wasn't sure if my bottoms had fallen between my legs or not. But I suspected it might have by how much they were feeling-up my butt crack all the way to my pussy. By now I was so horny, I didn't care what they did. Soon they each slowly and gently began lightly moving their finger tips all around my butt.
Following my crack down to my wet pussy and even lightly feeling it. This confirmed the fact that I was now completely nude for them. I again spread my legs a little more allowing them more opportunity to feel my very horny cunt.
One of them began rubbing his finger inside my wet lips, occasionally touching my clit causing me to stir and whimper, and as they found how I liked it, they continued gently rubbing my clit as I moved up and down rhythmically to their advances. I just lay there with my eyes closed enjoying their feeling me up.
Then I felt something big enter me. Oh yeah, this is good. I then raised my ass on my knees and spread my legs as far as I could allowing whoever it was unrestrained access to my cock hungry cunt. I also knew that when he shot his load deep inside me, the other would also want to fuck me just as badly.
I just lay there enjoying the way they were fucking me. After all, I did tease them to this. A few minutes later he began panting hard and moaning and as he shot his load deep into my cunt I gyrated faster to help get him off. I looked back to find Rohan had been the first to do the honors.
I smiled at them both as Arjun traded places and eagerly slid his shaft deep into my cunt pounding me from behind for all it was worth. "Can I cum in you too like Rohan did?" He asked. "Sure you can." I said. And within a minute or so he began pumping faster causing me to have a great orgasm, which caused Arjun to shoot his cum deep into my pussy as well.
"Oh God, that was good.." Arjun moaned while still sliding his cock in and out of me. "You said it." I said. He was still pretty hard so he just kept fucking me and enjoying my pussy as much as he could. And I sure didn't mind. "C'mon Arjun, I wanna fuck her again too!" Rohan protested. "Ok, give me a minute." Arjun said as he slid his cock in and out of me just a few more time before moving aside so Rohan could fuck me again.
"You two can sure fuck good for nineteen year olds. Where did you two learn to fuck like that?" I asked as Rohan slowly slid his cock in and out of me. "I watch my sister and her boyfriend fuck a lot." Arjun answered. I was a little shocked. "Your sister?" I asked. "Yeah," Arjun continued.
"Everytime one of my sisters boyfriends come over, they fuck. So we just say we're going to my room but hide in her closet instead. It's really quite a show." Arjun explained. "Where did you learn to fuck?" Arjun asked me. "Well..." I said. "I came home early one day and found my Mom fucking the local delivery guy.
They didn't see me for several minutes, but I watched from a crack in her bedroom door. Then when the delivery guy saw me, my Mom asked what it would take for me not to tell Dad. I asked her to show me how to fuck. I learned to fuck and suck cock that afternoon. We both fucked the delivery guy for about two hours that day. He still comes around to fuck either me or Mom."
I explained as Rohan shot another load of hot cum inside me. "That story made me shoot-off." Rohan laughed. We all did. "I want to fuck one more time, if you don't mind." Arjun said. "Sure." I answered.
I had Arjun sit on the ground so I could lower my cunt down onto his shaft. I then took Rohan's dick in my mouth and gave him the best blowjob I could while Arjun played with my titties and nipples. We all came about the same time.
Then Rohan wanted to sit while I fucked him slowly moving my cunt up and down his shaft till he came again. I fucked both Arjun and Rohan at least three times before cleaning up and going inside. Anand was still playing computer games and didn't even know I fucked his friends silly. I had created my own personal fuck machines.
For the next few years, Arjun, Rohan and I fucked just about every time they came over while Anand stayed busy playing his computer games.