It was our second visit to a naturist resort, Some friends had told us about La Chiappa in Corsica. So we drove down to Nice and caught the ferry to Corsica. The resort is on the southern tip of the Island we had two weeks to spend on the Island but when we arrived at the resort they only had a chalet free for a week.
It looked quite good so we arranged to stay for a week having stayed at Koversada naturist resort before Julie was by now quite comfortable being naked, So we settled in quickly the only downside to the resort was it is two small coves full of people and one of the things we enjoy is having sex on the beach but I soon realised that there were too many people around.
The first afternoon we lay around on the beach, there was a raft moored quite a way out in the bay, I watched Julie swim out to the raft and she proceeded to lie down on the raft in the warm. It wasn't long before a couple of guys joined her. All three of them were soon lying in the sun and I could see the men had positioned themselves so that they could see straight up Julie's cunt. I watched her supposedly asleep slowly open her legs until they were wide apart, I had never seen her do this with men so close, This went on for about an hour until eventually Julie swam back to the shore.
I didn't say that I had seen her exposing her pussy until later that evening when we were sat outside of our chalet having a drink and I asked her if she had enjoyed lying on the raft with her legs open. She said that it had been one of the sexiest things that she had done and I asked her why she hadn't spoken to the two men, She said that she was a little scared but in the future it might be fun, I then suggested that if it had been me on the raft I would have slipped my fingers into her pussy and maybe she may have wanted one of these men to do that, I was testing the waters a little as I wasn't sure how far Julie might go. "who knows, maybe" was her answer
During the next few days I noticed that Julie was exposing herself more and more, Sitting at bars with her legs apart, Lying at the pool on a lounger again with her cunt wide open, men couldn't keep her eyes off of her.
The week came to an end and we drove up the east coast checking out a couple of resorts this time looking for a quite beach, We ended up a Bagheera half way up the east coast, The beach is long and backed with dunes which we thought would be ideal. Every day we would sun ourselves until about 4 then walk up the beach to have sex.
On our last day we decided to take a long walk up the beach, we were both completely naked just carrying water and a couple of beach mats we stopped of at a café for lunch and some wine and continued our walk, The beach was pretty empty but ahead were a guy sat near the dunes and another couple sunbathing.
As we got opposite the man in the dunes Julie said that she needed a pee and proceeded to squat down and pee into the sand in clear view of the man, I had an erection in seconds and I told Julie how sexy it was watching her pee in front of someone as she got up she said "well it is our last day" and started to rub my cock, "You have always wanted an audience while you fucked me" This was my big fantasy and it seemed pretty safe for our first experience we walked up to the dunes past the couple who were sunbathing, I had an enormous hard on, As we walked past them I got the other side of Julie but as we got closer she started to put her hand on my cock.
We put our mats down about 30m from the couple and 5m from the single guy, it was obvious that he had been watching the other couple as he had a pair of binoculars on his towel. We both lay down and Julie just said "Well go on then" That was it, I slipped my hand between her legs and she was soaking. Julie sat up and I moved behind her so that I could see the other couple and the guy to our right. I started massaging her tits and pinching her nipples Julie lay back into me opening her legs. I then shuffled her round so that the single guy could get a could look at her cunt. I could see that he was rubbing his cock as he watched us. "Are you watching him" I whispered to Jules.
I then lay down beside her moving her legs as far apart as I could and slipped my finger into her cunt, Jules has really big juicy lips and the guy could then see her moist pink pussy, as I teased he clit her back was arching. "Your going to make me cum" said Julie
I moved round so that I could start to suck her cunt, Having someone watch us was just unbelievable, as I sucked her swollen lips I got Julie to tell me what our voyeur was doing, she kept up a running commentary of him rubbing his cock. She had never seen another man do this only on DVDs. The other couple were watching but not showing quite as much interest as our voyeur.
We kept this up for a good twenty minutes I was bursting. "get on top of me I told Julie" so she stood up and sat on my cock her back to my head so as to face the man. She was rubbing her clit frantically and came pretty quickly groaning loudly, That was enough form me I came buckets.
When it was all over, I just thanked Jules for the best fuck ever "I thought it was good too" she said as she lifted herself off cum was dripping all down her inner leg. We headed of to the sea to clean up, the guy in the dunes just disappeared and the other couple smiled and just said "Bravo" as we walked past them.
That was our last afternoon before we set of back to the UK it wasn't until our next holiday in France that Julie and I had our first threesome.
All of our stories are true. Julie and I have been really excited writing them down for others to read. Julie says that she will write her account of us going to France