"Meenakshi you are hotter than half the women here, why the hell will I ever cheat on you?" Jatin messaged when I became suspicious of his whereabouts.
We were married for 5 years and but hardly saw each other. Jatin had to moved to the Gulf soon after the wedding in search for better opportunities. We would only get to see each other once a year for a few weeks.
Months of pent up frustration would come out in those few weeks. We would go to a hotel and book a nice room, put 'do not disturb' sign on the door and stay naked all the time. Fucking and eating and then fucking again until we were numb and tired out of our minds. I looked forward to these few weeks all year.
I loved Jatin and never felt like cheating on him. I am sure he felt the same way. However, our lifestyle could not be sustained for too long. We tried phone sex and cam sex but it was just not enough.
I had a dildo and he had a flash light. We used our imaginations to the best of our abilities but it could just not replace the real thing.
Jatin was supposed to arrive soon and we had booked a nice sea facing hotel in Goa. We packed a large box of condoms and very few cloths. We arrived early and had to wait till the hotel cleaned and prepared our room. The official check in time was a few hours later. We decided to chill at the pool and start our vacation with a few beers.
I had to pee badly and did not feel like using the general hotel loo. "Can I use the washroom in our room, the staff can continue cleaning," I requested the receptionist.
I was wearing a jumpsuit and while it looks really nice and is very comfortable, it is not made for easy access while using washrooms. To pee you need to completely get it off and sit naked on the pot.
The receptionist agreed and a staff member guided me to our room. There were two men present in the room and they stopped their cleaning on seeing me. "Please continue the cleaning, I just need to pee," I told them and rushed to the washroom. They tried to tell me something but I had to pee badly and did not hear anything they were saying. I locked the door and quickly unzipped my jumpsuit and let it go.
I have a slim figure with a tight bubble butt and perfectly sized breasts. I always loved my body and I have seen the effect it has on people around me. Jatin could not keep his hands off my butt and my toned thighs.
Once I was done I stood naked in front of the mirror and admired my body. I had lost 5 kilos since last time and could not wait to show Jatin the results.
I had gone to the parlor and gotten a Brazilian wax. There was not a single hair on my body. I specially liked to see my pussy. Clean and shapely. I admired everything and felt a little sad that all this work and beauty only for one man. I wanted to be admired by many. I looked forward to trying out the new bikini on the beach!
Just then I heard something rustle behind the shower curtains. There was someone else in the bathroom. I froze in fear and rushed to cover my body. I did not have time to wear the jumpsuit so I used it as a blanket to cover myself. I did not realize that thanks to the many mirrors in the bathroom my butt was clearly visible to the man and there was no way to cover everything.
"What the hell are you doing here?" I shouted at him. He was a young man, part of the cleaning staff.
"I was cleaning the bathtub madam. I am so sorry. I have not seen anything please don't complain or I will lose my job."
"Turn around I need to wear my cloths," I quickly stepped into the jumpsuit and zipped it up. "Why didn't you say anything when I entered?"
"You came in so suddenly I did not have time to react and then you started peeing so I thought I should not disturb you."
I was furious and embarrassed at the same time but the man was shivering with fear.
I calmed down and eventually felt bad for him. "Fine I won't complain but no one should find out about this."
I turned around to look at him one last time. He had a bonner which he tried to hide.
"Please clean everything properly."
"Yes ma'am. I will do a very good job. Thank you."
I opened the door and rushed out of the room. I was embarrassed to the core but at the same time I felt a wetness grow between my legs. The incident had made me feel very hot and horny.
When I was in college I had developed a risky and embarrassing exhibitionist streak. I used it strategically to get my crush to ask me out.
You see he was dating at the moment and I knew from the girls washroom gossip that he is a horny guy and actually quite frustrated with his current girlfriend.
She did not want to go to get physical with him. He was a handsome muscular guy and captain of the college cricket team. What a shame for such a guy to be left frustrated.
One day we were paired in a chemistry lab practical together and I used this opportunity to show him just what he is missing.
I shopped for a nice red bra for my 32C boobs and wore a low neck dress without a dupatta. Earlier in the day, I had adjusted it at different levels and checked my cleavage in the mirror to see how much I can safely show.
I bent over the lab desk and gave him a good view of my besties. He shamelessly ogled while I continued with the practical's. I still can't believe he though this is all happening by accident.
I shopped for many different kinds of bras and liked showing them to him. I made quite a collection while at it. One day I decided to wear a nude color bra. I still remember his expression. He was shocked out of his mind. He thought I haven't worn a bra that day.
"It is called nude or skin color. Don't worry, I am still wearing a bra." He got embarrassed and we started talking. We became good friends and he told me about his girlfriend and how she resisted his every move to get physical.
I gave him a supporting shoulder.
Eventually things moved ahead and from supporting shoulder and I ended up giving him my supporting breasts. He loved fondling them in his car and playing with them at every opportunity. Sometimes, even in the classroom while a lecture was going on.
This continued for a few months. My support kept increasing and progressed to giving him blowjobs while he drove me around the college.
His girlfriend eventually found out about us and decided to end her fast. Apparently she offered the same support as me only much better because, you see, she was much hotter than I.
I walked back to my husband who was still chilling by the pool with his third beer and already a little drunk. I told him about the little incident in the room and he smiled.
This was not a reaction I was expecting. He asked me to describe it in detail and listened excitedly as I repeated the entire incident. He asked me only one thing at the end, "did you enjoy it?"
"No," I said but my blushing face gave it away. He smiled even more and gave me a full blown kiss while squeezing my thighs.
We reached our room and quickly got rid of our cloths.
It was too soon. We forgot to put the 'do not disturb' sign outside. I started wearing my cloths again to go out and put the tag but he pulled the cloths out of my hand.
"Put it on the door like this. You are not allowed to wear anything."
"What do you mean? I can't open the door like this stupid! There are people in the lobby." But he would not budge. He squeezed my boobs, turned me around and gave an encouraging slap on my butt and said "You can do it! common! it will be fun."
I was trembling with the same fear and excitement I felt a moment ago and proceeded with the 'do not disturb' tag to the room door.
"You need to open the door half way and then put the tag. You cannot just extend your arm! You need to open the door until you are completely visible from outside, put the tag and close the door."
This was more than what I had expected. I reached for the door and opened it slightly, holding the tag in my other hand. I looked back at Jatin.
"The longer you keep the door open, the longer I will eat you!"
This was a deal I could not refuse. He was a master with his tongue and he knew it.
"There could be people outside, I can't do it," I trembled with fear. The cold breeze of the ac on my naked body gave me shivers.
"Just open it a little more. There is no one outside," he assured me.
He was right. The lobby was completely empty and my courage grew as I opened the door. Little by little I exposed more of my body until I was completely visible from outside. Anyone walking by right now would see a naked lady putting a 'do not disturb' sign on the door handle.
I let the door stay ajar like that for a good minute while pondering on the repercussions of such an event. Just then I heard the elevator door open and sounds of people walking in the lobby.
I waited for the footsteps to get closer, my heartbeat increasing with every step. Their voices were heard clearly now and it seemed that there were multiple men and women in this group.
Just when they were about to come into sight I shut the door with a bang. I watched them through the key hole as they passed by our door, clueless of what they just missed.
This was getting out of hand and I was loving everything about it. My pussy was leaking and I felt very close to an orgasm. I looked at Jatin with hungry eyes.
Jatin got down on his knees and lifted my one leg and placed it on his shoulder. He proceeded to eat me and clean all my juices. I trembled with pleasure and tried to hold anything I could find. I was balancing on one leg while he licked and nibbled my slit. I caught his hair for support.
I could feel his tongue move up and down on my clit and brushing past my opening. I started gyrating my lower body to give him more access. I wanted to open my legs even more but it was just not possible while standing on one leg.
I pushed him to the floor and squatted on his face. His tongue went straight into my opening and I could feel the moistness and warmth inside me. I moved my ass up and down and forward and back. He allowed me to fuck his face as I wanted.
I moved a little ahead and felt the tip of his tongue on my ass hole. He loved to eat my ass and I did not complain. I glided my ass on his face and felt myself getting closer and closer to an orgasm.
The feeling overwhelmed me and I tried to get up. I knew I would lose my balance and end up suffocating him. But then his hands reached out and grabbed me by my thighs. He pulled me in and made me sit on his face. I gasped for breath as a current ran through my body. I came all over him and squirted in his eyes and mouth. His face was covered with my juices.
I collapsed on the floor, trembling and shaking. Jatin quietly lifted me and put me on the bed and covered me with a blanket. He whispered in my ears. "This is just the first one for the day. Get some rest my lovely wife."
I opened my eyes slightly to see him standing there with his huge erection. I held it in my hand and gave him a kiss.
Later in the evening I woke up to find Jatin playing with a handheld video camera. He loved buying the new and advanced electronics on every trip to the Gulf and this time he picked up some cameras.
"See this one can record in ultra high definition and also record slow motion."
He made some quick videos of me acting like a sultry actress from a b grade movie.
"I am hungry," I interjected.
"And this one - this is a spy camera, see how small it is! I can hide it anywhere and no one will find out."
I pretended to share his excitement.
"I AM HUNGRY!"
"I have an idea," Jatin sprung up from the bed and started looking for vantage points to place his spy camera. He found a good spot in the fake plant next to the TV.
"What exactly are you doing?" I asked.
"We are taking the little game we started in the morning to the next level," Jatin answered with a childlike grin.
Seeing my confused face he proceeded to explain.
"Let's call for food and when the room service boy comes to deliver I want you to show him your gorgeous body!"
"WHAT?"
"Yes! The morning episode has left me feeling very very horny and I know you liked it too. And you have anyways, accidentally, exposed yourself to that guy in the morning so imagine this is just the same."
"And how exactly will I do this, will I open the door naked?"
"No that would make it intentional. We don't want to get into trouble." Jatin tried to come up with convincing scenarios to get me to expose to strangers. This vacation had gone into some bizarre territories.
"Would you like to expose your front or your back?"
I gave it some thought and said "back."
"Good! That glorious ass will have a new admirer."
He turned me and kiss me all over my back and butt. Then he picked up the phone and placed the order for a biryani and kababs.
I looked forward to the food and the boy delivering it with equal excitement. "Have you thought about how this accidental exposure will happen?" I asked Jatin.
"Yes. And it is so simple! See when the bell rings I open the door and let the guy in. I will point him towards the coffee table to keep the food tray and then enter the bathroom. You will sleep like this with the sheet covering your body and then when you hear me turning on the shower, you take a half turn on the other side, pulling the blanket along and revealing your back and ass to the guy. And this camera here will capture everything."
"What if he tries to touch or rape me," I asked.
"No he won't. He needs his job more than some random sexual pleasure. And anyways I am just a shout away. I will anyways come out of the shower in five minutes."
I have to admit, it was a great plan and I could not wait to get started. The thought of it was getting me so wet.
I straightened myself and Jatin covered me with the blanket and made sure it is just at the edge. We even did a few test runs to see if it will work.
The bell rang and Jatin sprang up to open the door. I shut my eyes and pretended to sleep. I could hear the room service boy say, "your order Sir, biryani and kababs."
"Please keep it at the table," Jatin instructed and went into the bathroom. I heard the footsteps come closer and opened my eyes very slightly to see him. He looked like a young chap of not more than 21. He was clean shaven and very cute looking. Seeing me lying on the bed he became very conscious.
He tip toed next to my side of the bed and kept the tray on the table. Just then I heard the shower start in the bathroom. This was my cue. I turned to the other side and carried the blanket along with me revealing my ass.
There was no sound for a long time. The boy had probably frozen as he stared at my ass. I got goosebumps all over.
The boy did not move an inch. He just stood there with the tray in his hand. After what seemed like an eternity I decided it was time to end the show. I would turn back and cover myself with the blanket.
But then, I thought why make the poor boy suffer. He must be torturing himself trying to imagine what the rest of my body looks like. I decided to let him have a peek.
I turned on my back and lay completely straight, but without the blanket. I feel I did a good job of pretending to be asleep as I kicked the blanket off my body. I was lying there completely naked on the bed in front of a stranger who stood motionless admiring my every curve and crevice. I as so proud of my body at that moment.
To take it up a notch, I pretended to have an itch between my legs and parted them. I scratched the inside of my thighs all the way to my pussy lips. I gave him a good show.
He just stood there and adored my body. A lot of work had gone into toning my abs and I liked how my pussy looked all shaven. I could let this go on forever but then Jatin turned off the shower.
He opened the bathroom door and the boy suddenly became very conscious. He rushed towards the door with the tray covering his huge boner. Jatin came into the room and saw me lying naked. By now I had opened my eyes and I smiled at him. He called out to the boy. "Wait."
The boy froze. This time with fear.
Jatin took out a fifty rupees note and gave him. He quietly accepted without lifting his head and almost ran out of the room.
"He is probably in some toilet jerking off to you right now!" Jatin said. I laughed.
"You exposed everything to him I see," he proceeded to stroke my breast and give me a kiss. "My little slut."
"Yes, my aim is that half the hotel should know what I look like naked by the end of our trip," I joked and pulled Jatin's towel off.
After some naked wrestling and tickle session we decided to watch the recorded video on all the hidden cams. Jatin connected them to the TV and we went through the whole thing again.
Jatin had a ragging hard on. The head of his penis was so swollen and shiny that I could not take it any longer. You see I was already so hungry. I twisted my body on the bed and let my head hang off the edge.
I positioned my mouth over his dick and in one smooth motion engulfed him whole. I used my hands to grab his ass and pushed him into my mouth. I felt the length of his penis slide over my tongue and dive right into my throat. The red head pushed through against some resistance while my tongue explored the shaft. There was still some more to go. After so many years of doing this I knew exactly where he reached in my throat.
Jatin grabbed hold of my boobs and started pushing. A few centimeters more and my lips would reach the base and if I extended my tongue I would feel his balls. I gagged.
But Jatin did not let go. He was in a trance. He pulled himself out and then thrusted again, and again, and again. Like this was my pussy and not my mouth. I enjoyed the feeling of his head at the back of my throat.
I still remember the first time I took him all the way in and felt the head brush the back of my throat. It was like satisfying an itch I never knew existed.
Jatin continues to pump my face and I opened my mouth and throat wider with every stroke. Eventually he grew tired and stopped. I shifted my focus to his red bulging head and sucked on it.
I slowed down my pace and let my tongue wander around the mushroom head. The point where the foreskin meets the head was the most sensitive and I took my time licking it. I felt the pee hole and tasted the salty pre cum oozing out of it.
Jatin squirmed with pleasure. He lay back on the bed and I climbed on top of him. He took control of my head. He held me by my hair and pushed my face on his member. He then pulled me up and pushed me back again. Up and down. Slow upward stroke and quick downward thrust. Slow suction while pulling myself up and quick trust while jamming him into my throat. I knew the drill very well.
I turned and put my legs around his head. My pussy was in his face. He got the idea and began licking me up. The juices had started dripping and they needed some cleaning.
I moved like a dolphin. My head moved separate from the rest of my body. Up and down forward and back. I grabbed his ass and he grabbed mine.
We were getting closer to climax and I knew what was coming. One final thrust and I had his dick lodged deep in my throat as he wrapped his legs around my head. I did the same with my legs and his head. We looked like an entangled knot.
And then we exploded. He in me and I in him. The smell of our juices filled the room. His cum shot through my mouth and into my throat. I felt the tip of his dick with my tongue as the cum continued to spurt out slowly reducing from long threads of white thick semen down to a trickle. I pressed his dick with my lips to squeeze out every last drop of cum and gulped it all down. I had grown a liking for the taste.
Tired and satisfied, we slept on each other.