"Bright eyed and bushy tailed my Saturday morning was off to a excitable start. I ate a light breakfast of a piece of toast with Nutella spread over it, and a small glass of OJ. I was eager to get my shopping day started. After a restful night to recover from Patrick and my future stepfather David's using me, I now had a $1000 dollars to blow. OMG! Who knew I could make this much money just for a one time sexual encounter? My brain is still processing the idea that David whored me out. I mean i love the money but with my sex life being so new and rapidly adding up I was still getting used to it. Of late my teasing seemed to always go beyond just that. Don't get me wrong I enjoy sex but...you guys must be tired of my preaching about mixed feelings. Sorry."
"Let's face it sex is going to be a big part of my life now. Teasing on my part only escalates a guy into wanting me. I like being wanted. I like being teased back. Although with guys that usually just means a wink or a wagging tongue. None of them really flash me like I do them. Maybe it's in our female DNA to be the instigator. Mine at least. Someday I'll meet my match in that area. You can't tell me there's no pervy guys in Indy. I just haven't encountered them yet. I'm patient. Until then it's all on me. LOL!
"Alright I'm almost ready to go. Today I'm wearing one of my favorite micro mini skirts which hugs my curves like a second skin. I adore these skirts and every time I can find new colors I'm putting them in my cart. Black and white ones are easy to find but other colors not so much. Yes I can buy them online but I'd rather try them on for myself, so shopping is my best option. Today my only other colored micro mini is turquoise. I'd love a red, orange, and lavender. Hot pink a must. Okay, every color. LOL! I'm greedy.
"To match my skirt I have a white silk camisole with thin spaghetti straps, peach colored flowers on it. The back droops low on my spine to reveal a lot of skin. Massive cleavage always. I love my tits and they love being seen. No bra of course. Taboo. LOL! I'm taking a black G-string with me but it's staying in my purse until I absolutely need it. I want to tease and tease hard. After the last mall adventure when I let guys look up my skirt to see my pussy went over so well I intend to offer new guys the same show. I trimmed my pubes down to a very fine strip of what I call nuzzle puzzle. Don't ask me why I call it that. LOL! It's just a cute rhyme.
"Hair perfect. Perfume erotic. Nails painted turquoise. Makeup accenting my cheeks and eyes without looking prostitute, that was my biggest worry these days dressing like this. I don't want to be compared to a hooker. Just a hot young girl who feels comfy in her body. Possibly looking for a cute guy who likes to feel cozy in my body. LOL! Alright, my bus should be here in ten minutes I better head out the door. With my cute shoes that Jamie talked me into I'm ready to destroy. Money check. Cell check. Keys got 'em. Here we go. Keep up people. Stalk me like a panther. LOL!
"Reaching the bus stop shelter on the corner two blocks down, I sat down on a bench to wait. Traffic heavy on this street, I found eyes checking me out each time a cluster of cars had to wait on the stoplight. I only parted my legs to those I found attractive. Which meant five cars total before my bus pulled up to end that little exhibition. Regardless they ate up my teasing. Not enough to stop and say hi but, honestly I didn't have time for that. What few people waiting with me were hardly worth teasing. Really old people and two women. The only guy there was what I call thug, those guys are trouble so I behave around him. Better safe than sorry.
"Getting on the bus I paid my fare and made my way toward empty seats in the back. Luckily the older people seemed to prefer up front, closer to the door. Not many people my age were on the bus, a good number of guys in their late 20's early 30's. Some with girlfriends or wives, maybe sisters. Who knows, who cares. Spotting my one good target I chose a seat across from him. He was in that 20's range. Dressed nice. Earplugs in listening to music. I had to get his attention before sitting just so he knew I was around. I swung my purse and grazed his shoulder, just enough to make eye contact. Instant grin as I apologized and sat down by the window. He removed his music which gave me a clue he might want to chat with me. I was willing.
"He seemed shy at first, trying to get up enough nerve to strike up a conversation. Maybe if I gave him reason to try harder he would break. LOL! When I sat down I intentionally pulled the back of my skirt higher over my cheeks so that when I sat down he could see my ass from the side. The front of my skirt rode high anyway every time I sat down. So it wasn't difficult to get his curiosity up. I maintained a happy medium of looking his way and not looking blatantly obvious. I rubbed my legs a lot, almost nervously. I wasn't. I knew I had at least twenty to thirty minutes before I reach downtown and the Circle Centre Mall, by far the busiest mall in the city. Enough time to at least make a friend.
"Finally, I raised my left leg up as if toying with the ankle straps of my shoe. By doing that my skirt dipped sideways. If he were looking he definitely saw my snatch. I was in no hurry to put my leg down. Notice me dammit. LOL! There go his eyes. FINALLY!
"Smiling shyly at him he stared at my pussy, what little he could actually see at his angle. Realizing he was busted he blushed. I feigned a blush of my own to make him feel at ease. Acting as if I hadn't considered my skirt to reveal so much I flared my eyes and grit my teeth. putting my foot down I pulled my skirt a bit lower in front and offered a OOPS! SORRY.
"He chuckled and apologized for even looking. I wagged my finger at him as if saying BAD BOY. Giggling I told him I wasn't offended. My fault for wearing the skirt commando. He asked me why I chose to go without. His whispering hard to hear over the sound of the bus I finally patted the seat beside me. Accepting my invitation he jumped up and plopped next to me grinning hard. I joined him and said MUCH BETTER. He asked me again why I went without panties. I shrugged and told him I liked the feel of freedom. That and I was honest, I liked showing off.
"NICE! He replied with a pucker. SHOW AWAY. He added. I grinned and said WHY? As if I didn't know. His answer was the usual, BECAUSE YOU'RE HOT. I knew that. LOL! With mischief lending a hand I led off with dangling my spaghetti strap on my camisole. He eyed my shoulder, then my cleavage. I shook my tits just for meanness. His eyes bulged at their dance. NO BRA? He asked. DUH! OF COURSE NOT. He whistled under his breath. I shyly asked him if that was enough and he turned sideways in his seat with a curious glint in his eye. You know I was open to more but he didn't. LOL!
"Continuing my mission I looped the other shoulder strap off to my bicep. Being silk the top slipped lower over my cleavage offering a delightful bulge. I crushed my tits together making the camisole slither even lower. His expression was of both amazement and eagerness. He wasn't even worried about what other people might say. You know I wasn't. LOL! Not that anybody could see me easily now that he was in the aisle seat. Sheepishly I said ENOUGH?
"Begging took over and he just outright asked me if he could see my tits. I added to my act of shy tepidness and told him YOU CAN PULL THE SHIRT DOWN iF YOU WANT. He immediately shivered and checked out his surroundings before reaching over to guide my shirt down over my tits. Nipples popping out I heard him whisper HOLY SHIT! THOSE ARE PERFECT. I nibbled my lower lip and softly whispered YOU THINK SO?
"A nod was all I got. I was in no hurry to pull my shirt back up. I wanted to know if he was going to grope me. They're right here fella. Grope away. LOL! Watching him contemplate his next move was kind of funny. His hands rose and fell to his lap twice. Eying his hands I caught my first glimpse of erection. GOOD GIRL. I thought. I was doing my job well. Finally, he was gentleman enough to ask if he could touch them. HELL YES! I didn't say. LOL! Instead I softly trembled and waited on him to accept my silent challenge. Here goes. His hand finally got enough confidence and palmed my right breast closest to him. I melted on first squeeze. Whispering OMG! made him realize I was happy he did it. After a few good squeezes he toyed with the nipple. I made sure he heard a soft moan. My destructive gaze lured him in to squeeze both breasts. I broke the silence with MY NAME IS VIOLET. He swallowed dryly and introduced himself as I'M MITCH. We both ended up saying HI at the same time. Laughing about it I lowered my gaze while he was looking me in the eye.
"DID I DO THAT? I pointed at his lap with innocence. He followed my finger and chuckled, telling me YOU KNOW YOU DID. We both blushed as the bus screeched to a halt and people either got on or off. A woman behind us got up to leave but I didn't cover up. Mitch did that for me with his body. Go me. LOL! Once the woman walked past us Mitch sat back giving me room again. I giggled and said MY HERO. He shrugged and embraced the role.
"Looking out my window for bearings I calculated I still had fifteen minutes or so to toy with Mitch. I asked him if I made him miss his stop. He said no that he was going downtown. I perked up and asked The Mall? He said yes. OMG! I shifted sideways in my own seat giggling. ME TOO. Awesome maybe I could continue this tease with Mitch longer. ARE YOU JUST GOING TO HANG OUT OR GOING TO WORK? Please be to hang out. LOL! He satisfied my curiosity by saying MEETING FRIENDS. I fidgeted a bit. GUY FRIENDS OR GIRLFRIEND?
"NO GIRLFRIEND. TWO BUDDIES. He then offered YOU CAN HANG WITH US IF YOU WANT TO. I did but I said MAYBE. I'M GOING CLOTHING SHOPPING. PROBABLY BORING FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS. He didn't appear bored, going so far as to ask me if I were buying clothes like I was wearing. I laughed and said THE SEXIER THE BETTER. He couldn't agree more. I then told him that I intended to stop later at an Adult Bookstore and buy myself my very first toy. He jumped at the thought looking around us at the outside world. Gathering our current location he said THERE'S A STORE THREE BLOCKS UP, TWO BLOCKS SOUTH. I brightened at the idea of taking Mitch with me to shop for a toy. LET'S GO.
"Pulling myself together we tripped the rope above our seat to inform the driver to let us off. We would catch another bus later. I had all day. As the driver pulled over and opened the door I took the lead and intentionally left the back of my skirt up to reveal my lower butt cheeks. All the way down the aisle I let everyone see them. Mitch kept his distance to admire me from behind. GOOD BOY MITCH! I wanted all eyes on my sexy ass. Waving at the driver, a large black man even he checked me out. I know I heard him say DAAAMN! LOL!
"Joining me on the corner I got my first really good look at Mitch. He was taller than I thought. Pointing South he led me through a crosswalk. I noticed cars at the red light watching and I fluttered my fingers at them. A cab driver tooted his horn. Mitch knew I loved teasing even more than I admitted. On our walk toward the bookstore we chatted more. I told him I worked for the Park District. He said he worked at a Pool and Patio store. Suggesting I stop by for a swim after hours, that they had an actual pool set up indoors for customers. I told him I'd rather swim while it's open. He chuckled and said that the owner was a pervert so he might make that happen. LOL! Skinny dipping here I come. MAYBE!
"We laughed all the way to the store. Just before we went inside he told me to hang on that he needed to text his friends that he would be late. I told him to let them know a hot girl hijacked his bus. LOL! He found inspiration in that and asked if we could take a selfie together. I jumped at the chance. We hugged close to each other as he held his camera high over us. At a downward angle he could capture my cleavage. I crushed my tits together hard for the best pic he could capture that included our faces. After four attempts we decided on the best shot and he sent it to his friends. DROOL BITCHES! LOL!
"Entering the store I found myself in absolute awe of the walls of toys and clothing. OMG! Micro miniskirts. Red and Plum colored. MINE ALL MINE! Tight dresses with laces up the side revealing flesh. MINE ALL MINE! One orange, one white, one black. I'M IN HEAVEN! Even a school girl red plaid skirt. Hmmm! Naaa! I didn't wanna roleplay like any schoolgirl. I could have spent a fortune on clothes just right here without going to the mall.
"Mitch told me to try on a dress. I grinned instantly and found a changing room. Being an adult store of course only a curtain blocked the view of every perv in the store. The curtain itself was a thin white fabric that offered a silhouette of the person in the room under the bright lighting. Not transparent mind you but pretty darn close. The base of the curtain was probably knee high so anyone looking could get a good view of my gorgeous legs. Obviously the owner of this store wanted to give his customers shows like this. SO HOT!
"Before entering the room I scanned about the store and noticed seven guys wandering. Each glancing my way curiously. I mean even without my boosted ego I know I'm sexy. Guys catch eye of me pretty fast. I snickered at Mitch and said WATCH THIS. I lifted my dress toward each of the men then pointed toward the room. Drawing them in like a moth to the flame I went inside just prior to their arrival. I overheard Mitch tell them that I like to tease. They laughed and replied with things like WELL WE LIKE TO WATCH and YOUR GIRLFRIEND IS BEAUTIFUL. I let them think he was lucky. He was. LOL!
"Inside with the curtain closed I left it open about two inches. I was curious to see if they would stoop so far as to try and see me strip through the opening. My bet was yes. LOL! Taking my shirt off over my head slowly I wondered just how well they could see me. Nibbling my lip I wiggled my body to slither my stretchy skirt down to my shoes and off. Only in my shoes now I eyed the curtain. Nobody had peeked yet. Suddenly, the light in my room grew brighter, obviously the owner had a dimmer switch at the counter. OMG! By being so bright this silly ass sheet for a curtain might actually go see through. YAY! LOL!
"I heard guys go OHHHH YEAH! I shivered and decided what the hell let's dance for them. LOL! Like I had for Patrick last night I sang POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME in my mind. Hands in my hair I gyrated my hips, turning my back to the curtain and bending over. Squeezing my tits, even touching myself as if they were really seeing me do it. Maybe they were. God I hope so. LOL! This makes me want to masturbate. Hearing Mitch say WORK IT VIOLET made me laugh. I chuckled and asked CAN YOU SEE ME FROM OUT THERE?
"Every guy out there answered YES or CLOSE ENOUGH. Yesssssssss! I continued my dance when I heard a cell play music. It was the song HERE I GO AGAIN by Whitesnake. Love it. I danced hard. I even went so far as to grab the curtain and press my body into it letting the cloth follow my contours. I know my nipples had to have poked out on their side of the curtain. As I lingered there I felt fingers pinch my nips. OMG! I laughed WAS THAT YOU MITCH? I heard No. OH SHIT! LOL!
"I'M PUTTING MY DRESS ON NOW I informed them. I heard guys go AWWWW! I felt badly that I disappointed them. I added FASHION SHOW JUST HANG ON hoping to regain their interest. Slipping into the orange dress with crisscrossing laces up the sides, I got instantly wet at my appearance in a small mirror on the wall next to me. I was sexy as fuck. Like my micro mini skirt, the hem of this dress hugged my hips. My nipples stuck out like bullets. Time to show the guys. Opening the curtain I got more than I had bargained for. There were now ten guys watching me including Mitch. Every one of them had their cellphones out recording me. I offered a shocked expression, but I quickly let them know by my sexual poses that I was okay with it. Mitch was laughing his ass off. Even the guy we passed by at the checkout counter was standing there. All 300 pounds of flab, beard, and sweat. Oh well. He was letting me get away with this. THANKS.
"HOW DO I LOOK? I wanted rave reviews dammit! I got whistles and more DANCE FOR US. The song was still playing. I CAN DO THAT. LOL! Moving out amongst them I rubbed up against three different guys. Cocks were mighty even if they were concealed. Bending over one guys crotch I wiggled my butt. I know the hem was moving higher up my cheeks but I didn't bother to stop it. Let them get a good look. Standing tall, hands in my platinum blond hair I explored their eyes, trying my best to give them a worthy cell show. Let these guys go home and jerk off to me. LOL! Glad I could help.
"Dancing toward Mitch I winked at him and rubbed my chest on his. HOW AM I DOING BOYFRIEND? I winked again. He smirked and said TRY THE WHITE DRESS ON. He lifts the dress from where I had draped it, having only taken the orange one into the dressing room. I claimed it and started to move toward the room. Before I could Mitch grabbed my arm and made a suggestion I didn't see coming. TRY IT ON OUT HERE.
"WHAT? OH BOY! I looked around at my audience and every one of them began encouraging me. One dared me. I fanned my face with both hands uncertain if I should. I wanted to but I got a cold chill suddenly. What if these guys got too aggressive with me? Could...would Mitch save me or escalate things like suggesting I even do this. As Whitesnake faded away Bon Jovi kicked in with I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU. This song was slower and kind of sexy. Ironically, I was there for them. LOL! They were here for me. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
"Turning my back to them I tossed the white dress back at Mitch and stuck my tongue out at him. I told him YOU OWE ME BIG BUDDY. He grinned like the devil and nodded. Dancing seductively to the song at first, I peered over my shoulder to watch their reaction. The cells were going strong. Nervous but so horny I was having trouble not wanting to get this dress I was wearing off faster. I needed this to be erotic and sexy. Not a quickie strip and run for cover. Lifting my hemline over my ass I heard instant FUCK THAT ASS IS TIGHT and another WORK IT. I'm going, I'm going. LOL!
"Up to my waist now I bend over a little to offer a hint of my tight pussy. FUCK YES! I heard loudly. OMG! I love hearing their praise. Middle of my back I dance seductively swaying my ass from side to side. Shoulders high my boobs topple out from under the material. TITS WE HAVE TITS! I hear vividly. Over my head and off I held the dress in front of me using my arms to mask my nipples. Letting the dress dangle in front of me to hide my pussy I turned and faced my audience with a cougar stare. Eying Mitch I marched seductively toward him and stood on tiptoe to kiss him on the lips. Catching him off guard I instantly abandoned him and threw the orange dress over his shoulder. HELLO GENTLEMEN.
"With zero nervousness by now I danced to the song as erotically as I could. Moving amongst the ten I did as I had earlier and rubbed up on them. Holding my tits in my palms squeezing them I watched the starvation in their eyes. As I rubbed my ass on one man's crotch I felt his hands on my hips. OMG! The touching has begun.
"Looking up at the guy, I bit my lower lip and winked. SHIT! I'm only antagonizing him. Moving on before he got too overconfident I faced the presumed owner of the store. As large as he was I felt safer with him for some reason. He was jolly like a dark haired Santa Clause. It suddenly occurred to me that this Santa might give me presents for my show. LOL! That would be so cool. Dancing with my hands in my hair before him I said HI SANTA. He chuckled and said NAUGHTY OR NICE THIS YEAR VIOLET? He had heard Mitch call me by name earlier. I replied with a shy kiddy like voice I'M A REALLY GOOD GIRL SANTA.
"As I rubbed my tits on his big belly I realized that two of the guys had carried over a strange looking chair like...heck I don't know but it was something to sit on...kind of chair kind of couch with a sunken center. Seeing it made me edgy. I certainly didn't want these guys to take turns on me on any furniture. Coaxing the owner to sit down he let me dance. Belting out HO HO HO! The owner patted his lap. Oh this was priceless So had anything in the store after this. PRICELESS SANTA AS IN GIVE IT TO ME. Toys and clothes that is. LOL!
"What the hell. When I gave Patrick a lap dance last night I realized I was pretty good at it. Straddling the owners lap I began grinding on him. Lord his breath was atrocious. Still, I tolerated it and stroked his beard with a pouty expression. Give him a good show and let him think I'm a good sport. I told him I WANT A PONY, A BARBIE, AN EASY BAKE OVEN, and a BIG RUBBER DILDO for Christmas. He chuckled and said he would put it on my list. I really hope he meant it. LOL! His hands on my legs as I grinded held me firmly over his lap. I could feel a hard on under my labia. This couldn't be Mitch could it? LOL! SHIT!
"Bon Jovi ending my next tune was LICK IT UP by KISS. OMG! I know these guys are thinking about eating my pussy now. DAMN IT MITCH. Worse yet they probably hope I'll suck them off one by one. NOT! I kissed Santa on the cheek and whispered CAN I TORTURE THE ELVES? He chuckled and said MY STORE. I LOCKED THE FRONT DOOR SO DO WHAT YOU WANT.
"What? I'm locked in? OH CRAP! I guess this kept things from getting any worse with others walking in. Scary though. Calming my nerves I hopped off of him and danced some more for my audience. Bending over to rub my shins with my ass rolling over a standing crotch, the guy gripped my hips and dry humped me. OMG! Too funny. I faked moaning really loud to give the guys filming me a good laugh. Mitch stood by leaning on a clothing rack shaking his head, he couldn't stop smiling. Neither could I.
"Standing erect I pulled away from my groper and pursued another. This guy seeing me coming lifted his hands up in front of him with curling fingers as if wanting to squeeze my tits. I can live with that. Seductively moving into his clutches I felt his palms smother my nipples. Pulling away only long enough to turn my back to him I drew his hands around me so that the others could see him playing with me. I needed to see the lust. Dragging me into him as he pawed up my tits he whispered DO YOU DO PRIVATE PARTIES?
"WHOA! They must think I'm an actual stripper. YAY ME! THE OSCAR GOES TO VIOLET CALLOWAY. LOL! I whispered back. FIRST TIME DOING THIS. MAYBE! LOL! He grinned I'LL HIRE YOU. Kissing his cheek I said I'LL CONSIDER IT. Not really. Feed his ego. That would be rape central for sure if I did that. Easing from him I stalked another, making my rounds. Seeing Santa leave his chair my newest paramour guided me toward the strangely shaped furniture and sat me down. Coaxing me to lay back I took a deep breath and did it. I looked to Mitch with a flare of my eyes. He took the hint thankfully and moved closer as if prepared to rescue me if needed. Again MY HERO. I can relax now. Maybe. We'll see.
"I stretched out on the comfy red couch...chair...whatever you call it and watched as the man positioned my feet wider. The group huddled around me now as I peered up wondering where this was headed. Mitch began to say something but I snapped a glare at him winking. It was my way of saying NOT YET. As long as nobody tried to fuck me I wanted to bask in the glory of their lust. Looking around me, and behind me, I noticed Santa was gone. Acting Pouty I said SANTA?
"I heard the owner say BE RIGHT BACK with a confident tone. While I was looking over my shoulder I felt two different hands on my feet removing my heels. OMG! A foot massage? GLORIOUS! LOL! Now this is what I'm talking about. PAMPER ME! Hearing Santa coming back and the crinkle of opening packages I discovered my requested present in Santa's hands. A huge realistic rubber dildo wagged over my face. OMG! FOR ME? I brightened up. Santa said it's yours to keep if you use it for us here and now. OH SHIT! LOL!
"As I thought it over I claimed the gift and studied it. WOW! This thing was as big as the dicks I've been getting lately. Was I being stupid for considering this? I mean it is just a show. Teasing at it's finest. This kind of thing was what I lived for and never thought would really happen. Marveling over it I found my hand stroking the dildo before my eyes. I wasn't even thinking about the thoughts on their minds at the moment. Surely they pictured me doing this to their cocks. If I suck on this thing they're going to picture me doing that to them too. UGH! WHAT TO DO? WHAT TO DO? Dare I?
"I hear a guy standing over me say I'LL BUY THAT ORANGE DRESS FOR YOU IF YOU DO. Another guy offered to buy the white dress. WOW! Incentive for sure. Trembling at the temptation I glanced at Mitch. He looked nervous but let me make my own decision. This was insane. I didn't know any of these guys. I was locked inside an adult bookstore. My cell was in my purse in the changing room. Nobody would hear me scream if these guys took me like Brad and Troy my future stepbrothers had. The risk was high. OMG! I SO WANT TO. Do I set rules? Do I make these guys reconsider?
"As I pondered things Mitch's cell rang and he stepped away to talk. His friends waiting at the mall most likely. Don't go far Mitch I might need you. SHIT! I've only known Mitch for an hour. I'm so stupid if I go through with this. This dildo is so freaking lifelike. OMG! Did one of my massagers suck my toes? DEAR GOD that feels good. Warm and tender. Ever so slightly ticklish. I'll live. LOL! Seeing my reaction to my left toes being sucked the other guy decided to join in and suck my right toes. YEAH THAT WAS MAKING MY MIND UP. LOL! I'm so fucking horny.
"Mitch? Where are you Mitch? Yoohoo Hero? Please don't bail on me. I found Santa returning again. In my study of the dildo I hadn't even missed him. This time he stood over me from the side and showed me a bottle of oil. Smirking he opened it and tilted the bottle over me. OMG! Droplets of warm rain pelted me. It made me think of the hot cum Brad and Troy drowned me in. FUCCCCCCKKKK! Two guys to my right kneel down beside me and reach over to begin rubbing the oil in. Santa must have nuked the oil it was really warm. My skin grew glossy and the attention I was getting felt entirely too good. Mitch? Mitch?
"Hands roaming me knead at my breasts. One more man kneels next to Santa and rubs more oil into my belly. OMG! Fingers are in my pubes closing in. MITCH? That was a mental cry. LOL! Fuck this is so gonna go bad. The man touching my pubes moved in for the kill. HELLO CLITORIS. LOL! Shit that feels good. Here I go moaning. MITCH? COME ON MITCH? Nooo!
"USE THE DILDO I hear Santa say. Shaking like a leaf under so many hands and lips on me I won't have enough room to reach around them. In my reluctance the guy rubbing my clit carefully takes the dildo from me and says LET ME HELP. I'LL BE GENTLE. Ummm! Okay. You don't have to be gentle. LOL! My mind is all over the place. I was afraid to say anything that might ruin the sensuality of this. Like I said I'm good as long as they don't fuck me. I think. MMMM! These hands OMG! Those mouths sucking my toes. MMMMMMM!
"I feel the dildo rolling through my labia and hear just how wet I am. I want to feel it in me. Don't tease me like this. OOOOOOH! Is this what It's like when I tease them? If it is...I WANT IT ALL THE FUCKING TIME. OOOOOMG! I feel like I could cum before he even puts that toy inside me. Who's rubbing my clit? FUCK! One of the guys oiling me up has moved lower. You just keep that up Stud. Even if you're not really that hot. I'll take what you're giving. Where is Mitch? I think he left me. He must have panicked. Thanks Mitch. Get me to strip then leave me to the wolves. FUUUUCCCCCKKKKK! I might be the one howling in a minute.
"Rub that clit. That feels soooo good. Toy! Use it already. Shit I can't think. So much going on. Where did Santa go again? Everyone keeps leaving me. Stay. Please stay. OMG! I can feel the crown of that dildo easing in. I lift up with a definite expression of awe and wonderment. He eases it inside my pussy slowly then drags back, pushes in, draws back, deeper in. I can feel my pussy trickling already as the girth of the toy coaxes my wetness out of me. The three guys still standing over me are rubbing their crotches for me to see. I try to focus on them for the sheer joy of knowing they want me. So hard. I mean I can tell they're so hard. So hard...to think. I miss you Mitch.
"I LOVE YOU GUYS! I told them without thinking of how they might react to that. Don't read into it. PLEASE! Why did I tell them please without DON'T. What did I just say? I...don't...I...FUCK ME! God I hope I didn't say that out loud. Why did I let this go so far? Why? Why? Why? That guy using the dildo is hitting my G-spot like a pro. MMMMMM MMMMMM MMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMM I'M GOING TO CUMMMMMMM.
"I can faintly hear the guys at my feet laugh as my squirts stain their clothes. I can feel them moving further away from one another and taking my toes with them. OMG! They're sucking my toes again. DON'T STOP. I mean...FUCK ME! Nooo! Stop telling them that. You don't mean it. With the dildo I meant, not their real dicks. My clit is throbbing as the guy rubbing me applies more friction. SHIT! I can't see them. Two more guys are on their knees beside me and sucking my nipples. FUCK...ME! This is incredible.
"My body is putty. They can keep doing this. I'm loving the attentiveness. Who's taking my hands away from me? Two more guys sucking my fingertips. FULL MEAL DEAL GUYS. FUCK. Where am I? Please don't let me black out like I did with Patrick and David. I can't black out. That dildo wants another orgasm. So do I. I think. Do I have a choice? Do I want a choice? FUCK ME! Somebody shut me up.
"What's going on with my hands. Why are you guys not sucking on my fingers? Is that? OMG! I didn't notice this couch thing I'm laying on had restraints. The guys holding my hands are binding my wrists. NOOOO! STOP! DON'T...STOP! FUCK ME! Why are you doing that? So not cool. So...MMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM OHHHHHHHHHH MMMMMMMMMM OHHHHH FUUUUUUUUCK OHHHHH SHIT OHHHHHHHH MY GOOOOOOD. That orgasm ...that...what? Mitch? Santa? Rudolph? What's that humming noise I hear? I...Santa?
"Santa stepped back into view and shows me a big Mister Microphone. Are we going to Karaoke now? Why is he passing it to the guy rubbing my clit? Hey! My pussy doesn't sing. LOL! Whew! My mind's in and out. WHOOOOA! WHAT THE HELL? That microphone is a vibrator? HOLY CRAP! Dildo in my pussy not giving up. Toes sucked. Vibe terrorizing my clit. What's next?
"YOU CAN HAVE THAT WAND FOR CHRISTMAS TOO KID. Santa says. FUUUUUUCCCK! Okay...I'm screaming bloody murder now. I'll spare you the sound effects. Just know I'd advise earplugs if you stick around. This was so fucking awesome I didn't care what happened now. I mean I did but I didn't. I'm gonna kill you...MITCH?
"As I reared my head backwards I looked up at my tied hands and there stood Mitch behind the cushion. He leaned on his arms over me and looked sad. I whimpered WHERE DID YOU GO HANDSOME MITCH? He replied that he waited at the door for his friends to drive over from the mall. From behind him I saw two newcomers waving down at me. OMG! SO CUTE. I'M GONNA CUM NOW.
"I hear the gathered men calling me AMAZING. SHE'S SO FUCKING HOT! SO WET. As I regain my focus, having rolled my arms back and convulsing, I find Mitch snapping his fingers over me. DID I BLACK OUT? That would be embarrassing. My state of mind was groggy yet needy. Once I followed Mitch back to he and his friends I began mumbling incoherently. I'm pretty sure I said PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME MITCH. His friends seemed impressed by my attraction to him. The friends were much cuter but Mitch was my wingman. LOL! Feeling my paramours removing the toys and releasing my feet I tried to roll over. With my hands bound my arms crossed as I managed my quest. Now on my belly I lost sight of Mitch and became whiney. I could feel hands rubbing my ass. MMMMM.
"I needed to see Mitch again. My body wasn't very cooperative after three orgasms. My mind barely staying on course. Managing to rise to my knees awkwardly I look up over my crossed arms. THERE YOU ARE. I know I sounded drunk. I was high on my hormones at this point. HI. I told his friends. They replied FUCK YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL and DON'T STOP NOW.
"AWWWW! THANK YOU. THEY THINK I'M STOP...I MEAN BEAUTIFUL. God I sounded as if I'd been boozing it up for hours. My throat was still raw from Patrick and David on top of the last...hell I didn't know how long I'd been toyed with by this point. The two friends introduced themselves as Todd and Curt. I replied I'M VIOLET. Santa's pouring oil on my back now. MMMM. Hands rubbing me all over. Six sets while the others observe. So incredible.
"As I dropped my head into my crossed arms I saw my breasts bobbing and swaying. Fingers were teasing my butt pucker. NOOO! Not ready for anal even with that dildo. WHEW! The fingers moved to my pussy. OH FUCK! Why am I not saying LET ME GO? Why hasn't Mitch untied my wrists? Lifting my head up as I'm being fingered I look directly at Mitch. He has a worried look on his face. He starts to ask me something but his friend elbows him. Falling silent Mitch just stares at me with a look as if to ask me if I wanted him to stop them from touching me. Seeing his friends as cute as they are drooling over me I whimper and bite my lower lip. I know my expression had to be telling them how good those fingers were feeling inside me. WHOA! I feel two hands. FUCK! Four fingers in me from two different guys. I hear that vibrating wand fire up and a guy reach under me and touch it to my clit again. OMG! I can't stop moaning.
"Santa's back again. How do I keep losing such a big guy? HOW YOU HOLDING UP KID? He asks me. I look up at him and huff breathlessly and reply with I'M A GOOD GIRL SANTA. Yeah my frame of mind was as putty as my body. LOL! Santa caressed my cheek and added YES YOU ARE. YOU DESERVE ANOTHER GIFT. Hearing this I smile with emotional eyes. The wand and four fingers were destroying me yet again and DAMMIT! I liked it. BRING IT ON SANTA I moaned. I couldn't even look at Mitch because I was afraid he would try and dissuade me from going further. By all rights I should stop this but I was feeling to in touch with my hormones. I'll say it again as long as I'm not being fucked or having a cock rammed down my throat I can handle this. They are satisfying me more than I am them. This is all about me for once. Sure I'm being used yet again but on my terms.
"Don't look up. Don't look up. I miss Mitch's eyes. I miss his friends eyes. Luckily Santa knelt under my chest and kept my focus on...WHAT!! OWWWWW! He just put a nipple clamp on me. That fucking hurt. Shit! Here comes the second one. OWWWWWWW! OMG! There's a huge difference between pinching my nips with my fingers and cold ungrateful clamps. FUCK! I whined about it but I endured. Who knew today would be my first attempt at bondage. At this rate I may not make it to the mall. SHIT! That wand feels good on my clit. Gonna moan now...back in a few breaths.
"OWWW! Who slapped my ass? I look up with a haunted look straight into the hovering Mitch. He seemed more relaxed now. Good. That makes me more relaxed too. OWWWW! Dammit Boy. Who keeps spanking me? HEY! MY BUTT PUCKER. I'm being attacked with fingers. NOOOO! At least it's only one finger in my butt. As long as it's no more than one. My brain is frazzling again. So much going on. Hands all over me. Toys. Fingers. Eyes watching. Crotches being rubbed with yearning eyes.
"FUCK! I'M GOING TO CUM AGAIN I yelp. As I reel I feel a hand in my hair, gripping it and lifting my head until I see Mitch again. His friends side by side watching my facial features go crazy. Ecstasy. Pain. Convulsions starting. Need. Desire to please. Laughter creeping in then fading. OHHHHHHHHMYFUCKING GOD! My eyes roll back. FUCCCCCCCKKKK MEEEEEEEE!
"I hear guys saying things like WE SHOULD. SHOULD WE? Nooooooo! Santa's shaking his head no. Thankfully he's watching out for me. FUCK! DON'T STOP! I CAN TAKE MORE. Why did I encourage them. I hope I don't have to buy this couch thingee I'm on. It's ruined. Sorry Santa. Nobody is giving up. This is beyond my wildest fantasies. Quaking like a leaf, my hair being held firmly was the only way I could maintain my bodily control. Even my knees were buckling and the only thing preventing collapse were men supporting my weight. They should be glad I don't weight a lot.
"I feel guys repositioning me over on to my back again. My hair let go, I collapse flat and breath heavily. So exhausted. So wanting more. Hey Santa's gone again. Must be chasing reindeer. Who's holding my hands? Am I being untied? Noooo I don't want to be untied. Not...Mitch? Awwww so sweet he's holding my hands so that I know he isn't leaving me again. I blew Mitch a kiss, then another to shit I forgot their names. Oh yeah, Todd and Curt. I think. Wow! Look at the guys all surrounding me. I feel so adored. So many of them rubbing their crotches. Oh there's Santa. HI SANTA. LOL! OMG! IS THAT A CAN OF COOL WHIP?
"He shakes it then puts the nozzle to my lips. I opened my mouth and let him spray some on to my extended tongue. I licked my lips and made it appear like I had a mouth full of jizz. They laughed and I heard things like WE CAN DO BETTER THAN THAT and JUST SAY THE WORD. Tempted but Naaaa! Just toy with me some more. Santa shook the can again, removing my nipple clamps before he began spraying cream all over my body. Literally every inch of my full frontal. Even over my pussy. OH SHIT! The guys dropped around me like flies and began licking my body. FUUCCCCCK ME! This felt amazing. Seven guys managed to crowd together and lick me at once. Two on my nipples, two on my belly and ribs, two on my legs. OHHHHHHHHHH someone is eating my pussy. MMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMitch I look up at him. He grinned and said WE STILL GOING TO THE MALL?
"I couldn't contain my laughter even as I moaned. The guy eating my pussy was talented. More cream was sprayed over me. This time Santa knelt down to sample my snowcapped nipples. I closed my eyes because sadly Santa was unattractive. I pictured...hey why hadn't Mitch done anything to me? Maybe at the mall later. That or he was afraid of the others devouring my flesh. Sorry Mitch the mall would still be there in another hour. LOL!"
"Lifting his creamy beard away from my tit I felt safe in opening my eyes. Santa grinned and said SCRUMPTIOUS. Yes I was. LOL! Don't stop eating my pussy just because Santa stopped. Begging mode struck...EAT ME. The guy hovering licked me a few more times then stepped back. Another guy dropped in and fed. HOLY SHIT! More talent. Flick that clit baby. MMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM MMMMMMMM...DON'T STOP.
"To my surprise four more guys one after the other took advantage of the feeding frenzy. So incredible. Fingers dipping in fingering me as they ate. I arched my back repeatedly loving every single one of their tongues. As each vacated I looked to another standing guy and whimpered EAT ME. Two more jumped in. I wanted every tongue here to sample it. Santa made his way to the South Pole and had his dessert too. His beard tickled. MMMMMM MMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMM YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE ME CUM SANTA. I yelped and flooded his tongue. SHIT! Here I shook again. Mitch not once releasing my hands. Like a life coach he held on for dear life. So sweet.
"My body was sticky from the whipped cream and I envisioned it as cum all over my body. As my convulsions faded I found my legs being pulled back over my belly and chest. What were they up to now? How many times can I orgasm before I end up in the ER? LOL! The madness. LOL! I saw the dildo brought back into view and dropped my jaw. OMG! MORE? My ankles met my wrists when I discovered the couch had more restraints attached to it. Two red straps were tied around my ankles and hooked to my wrists. OH SHIT! The guy with the dildo used it to slap my pussy. I yelped each time and quivered dramatically.
"The group suddenly stopped cold and stared down at me. I flared my eyes at the first real breather since this began. Was I in trouble? Tilting my head back to see Mitch I darted my gaze questionably between he and the ten. Well twelve with Mitch's friends. They remained neutral this entire time. Out of Santa's shirt pocket came a black blindfold. Handing it to another guy they reached amid my contorted body and lifted my head. It took two men to effectively blind me. WHAT THE HELL? Why? I shook and shook hard. USED! I heard zippers and whined NOOOOO!
"Mitch asked me point blank if I was ready to go to the mall? I think I misheard him I thought he said ARE YOU READY TO FUCK US ALL. Noooooooooo! So much happening I can't focus. Did they all plan on gangbanging me while I couldn't see or resist? More zippers. OH SHIT! I froze up. No movements, no words. Feeling weight on my couch I whimpered. Why wasn't I saying STOP! LET ME GO? Was it because I felt two different hands caressing my face? I heard whispers saying SHE WANTS IT. What? I listen closely for more sounds. I hear their clothing falling. Belt buckles clanging on the floor. FUCK!
"WHAT'S GOING ON? I tensed up as I felt the head of the dildo teasing me. I squealed nasally not knowing what was really going on. Nobody laughed. No more words were exchanged. Silence made me edgy. The dildo found it's way inside and moved back and forth. God I hope it was the dildo and not a real cock. The weight on the couch with me made me worry. Thank God for Mitch holding my hands. It had to be the toy because I would feel flesh on my thighs. Go ahead fuck me then. I even spoke it out loud. FUCK ME. I even giggled and softened up my words into a playful plea...PLEASE FUCK ME.
"The weight at my ass moved closer and I suddenly felt skin on skin. The toy in my pussy made sloshing noises with each entry, each exit. It felt...OH SHIT! There's a real dick touching my ass cheeks. I couldn't resist even if I tried. I'm an idiot yet again. PLEASE...I begged before realizing I never added DON'T to that directive. The toy was removed and a warm hard cock molded over and through my wet labia. Even if I did beg them to stop I'm pretty sure they wouldn't. Suddenly, my hands were released. MITCH? Nothing. MITCH DON'T LEAVE ME. Not a peep. OH FUCK.
"I felt a throbbing cock ease into me. Whining at the length and girth I accepted my fate. I heard the guy groan OH THIS PUSSY IS TIGHT. I trembled like a leaf in a storm. YOU LIKE THAT KID? He said not moving just staying idle within me. I couldn't speak I merely shook my head no then changed my mind with a nod. OMG! WHY DID I DO THAT? WHY DID THIS FEEL RIGHT?
"Two slow thrusts the guy backs out and leaves me. WHERE? His weight lifts away only for another to move in. His dick smaller but still real. He did the same entry and two thrusts before departure. OMG! STOP TEASING ME. LOL! One after another I felt the same routine. Each driving me crazy by not officially fucking me. After eight dicks I screamed at the top of my lungs JUST FUCK ME I CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE.
"They laughed and I felt my ankle restraints being unclipped. My legs dropped. Now the guys took turns for three thrusts each, gripping my ankles and prying my legs wide. Why wasn't Mitch telling them to stop? Of course now I didn't want it to end. Maybe he and his friends couldn't take me being a slut suddenly. I moaned. I sighed. I trembled. I became verbal. OH THAT FEELS SO GOOD kind of praise. It was the truth. OH SHIT! I think this is Santa. His belly is crushing my abdomen. EWWWW! MY GOD what am I doing? My hands lose their bonds and I could easily have removed my blindfold. With Santa inside me I was horrified to watch him fuck me.
"My life of teasing clouded my right from wrong. So wrong, felt right. Santa wasn't stopping at three thrusts. OMG! A hand removed my blindfold finally and there he was. BETTER THAN THE MALL ISN'T IT? Santa chuckled. Not really but I'll say YES. Free clothes, free toys. I'll get over it and learn from my mistakes...yeah, how many times have I told myself that? NAIVE AS FUCK VIOLET CALLOWAY. His rhythm did feel pretty perfect. I even found my clit with my own hand. All around me guys were without pants and jerking off. OH SHIT. Even Mitch's friends were masturbating. That means Mitch was still here. He was being faithful.
"Santa finally decides to pull out of me. I pouted as I lay there touching myself. Guy after guy replaced Santa. His little elves I called them. Ten thrusts each and I watched each ones cock move in and out of me. So cool. Moaning softly I found myself calling them in for more. One guy decides change was needed and I was yanked over and pulled back on to all fours. Doggy now I had my hair pulled. I could see Mitch now. He was in the store shopping. Awww!
"The guy fucking me doggy style got a bit aggressive and yanked my head back more and slapped my ass. Hearing his impact Mitch looked my way smiling. Returning to face me Mitch chuckled AREN'T YOU GLAD I DON'T MIND SHARING MY GIRL?
"YESSSSSSSSSS! I hissed. He held my chin to force my gaze and said FUCK MY BUDDIES AND LETS GET OUT OF HERE. MALL'S WAITING. I sighed feeling the guy in me pounding away. DON'T RUSH ME. LOL! He patted my cheek and said I THINK EVERY GUY HERE SHOULD CUM ON MY GIRL.
"WHAAAAAAT? BUKAKE? I bulged my eyes. As the guy in me moved out Todd moved in. Fucking me equally as hard. Then Curt. HOLY SHIT! Hearing groans and snarls I found myself manhandled into laying on my back. All of the guys surrounded me in a tight circle and started jerking off. OMG! SO THRILLING. I said earlier I never got to see guys teasing me with their dicks. Here it was. FINALLY!
"One by one the men shot loads over some part of my body. Todd and Curt hovered over my face, both straining and ready to fire. I chose to make their day and open my mouth wide. They moved closer pointing the cocks at my lips. In minutes my mouth and face were drowning in jizz. All the while I rubbed my clit to fruition. I yelped with my mouth full and squirted over my legs. What a mess. Swallowing their jizz I milked my body with my fingers to obtain the cum of the others. Sampling everyone I broke out laughing, kicking my legs giddily. OMG! THAT WAS AMAZZZZZZZZZING!
"Santa was the final load and he wanted it right on my clit. I spread my legs under him as he knelt on the couch over me. He stroked and touched his crown to my clit at the same time. I pulled my legs back for a roomier shot. He chose then to stick his cock back inside me and fuck me a bit more. I looked up at him and pet his beard. He melted. FUCK ME SANTA I just had to say like a little girl. LOL! SO MUCH FUN.
"That was enough to get him to climax. He barely made it out of me before splattering my pussy with his cum. Big man big load. OMG! As he backed away wheezing, I sat up and reached out to stroke his dick. I TOLD YOU I WAS A GOOD LITTLE GIRL SANTA I whispered. Six months til Christmas and I'm being goofy. LOL! He and the others got dressed while I sat up sticky from head to toe. I knew I was a hardcore mess. Makeup ruined. Cum in my hair. I kinda wish I had David here to bathe me. LOL! Bathroom sink and paper towels it was.
"Gathering the clothes I came in with and my purse I was guided to the bathroom. Twenty minutes later I was presentable. Checking my purse thankfully nobody robbed me. I wouldn't even need to spend a dime on the stuff I wanted here. The owner ended up letting me have all of the toys that I used, the clothing I wanted, lube, a vibrating egg, a paddle, and assorted tasty lotions. He was a man of his word. I'm glad Mitch had his friends drive over. I'd need a ride home with all of my bags later.
"Saying goodbye I followed Mitch out to Todd's car. He nudged my back to the backseat door and kissed me hard. DAMN BOY! I dropped my bags and threw my arms around his neck. After his friends told us GET A BACKSEAT we laughed. I was a happy girl. Before he opened the door he pulled me close one last time. LET'S TEASE THE MALL HARD.
"ONLY IF YOU FUCK ME FINALLY.
"COUNT ON IT.
"YAY!"