(Author's note: I'm going to apologize in advance. This chapter is going to take it's time getting to anything sexual. If you enjoyed the premise of part 1 and want to see how the relationship between our protagonists develop, you'll enjoy this. If you're just here to crank one out, you may wanna find another story. I won't be offended.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER)
-------------------------------------------------------
It had been over three months since my encounter with Jenna.
The day after our "arrangement" had concluded I sent her a simple note via the contact email we'd exchanged messages through before, thanking her for a wonderful time and hoping we could do it again soon. I got no response.
A few weeks later, I sent another, saying that I'd be interested in arranging another session, if she were still interested, and offered to pay the same rate as last time even though money was a bit tight just then. Still no reply.
A week later, I sent a third message. Still nothing.
I decided to let it go. Obviously she'd decided it was a one and done deal, a quick way to earn money to buy her needed books, nothing more.
I was feeling, well, several things. Horny, of course, but also strangely lonely, which was unusual for me. I found myself missing her company, which was ridiculous, seeing as the very short time we'd actually spent together was really just a business arrangement, nothing more.
The panties she'd given me to take home had long since dried out despite my efforts to preserve her scent by sealing them in a Ziplock bag. Still, I kept them, and often found myself still sniffing them during my solo sessions, although the scent was all but completely faded.
Time passed. I carried on in my same old dull routines. Get up, go to work, come home, dinner, work out every other night, masturbate almost every night, go to sleep. Rinse and repeat.
Weekends were just as boring. Sleep late, putter around my small apartment, run errands, maybe hit the pool at the gym, watch TV or go to a movie. Then suddenly it was Monday again.
I'd lost all of my friends in the divorce seven years ago. Well that's not exactly true. What I'd actually lost was all of my wife's friends; I found out the hard way that they'd only considered me a "friend" by proxy.
But that's all a long, sad and ultimately boring backstory you probably don't really give a shit about, do you?
So let's skip ahead a bit.
I came home from work late one Friday evening to find my refrigerator empty of all but some ancient condiment bottles. Not much in the cupboard, either.
I decided to take a drive to a little diner not too far away. I hadn't been there in quite some time, but I remembered they had a pretty decent prime rib.
The place was moderately busy when I came in, but the wait wasn't long, and I soon found myself in a booth.
I was mindlessly scrolling through my phone when I heard the waitress approach. "Good evening, sir, what can I..."
Her voice halted suddenly, and I heard the sound of what turned out to be her order pad hitting the floor, landing near my foot. I bent down, picked it up, sat back up to hand it to her, and froze.
It was Jenna! Her face was frozen like a deer in the headlights.
I was pretty shocked myself, of course. I recalled her mentioning a waitressing job, but not specifically where.
A thousand thoughts ran through my brain all at once as to how I should handle this. Ultimately I decided to simply play it straight.
"You dropped your pad, miss," I said casually, extending my hand out to give it to her.
Life suddenly returned to her face, and she eventually composed herself enough to respond, "Oh, oh, yes, of course, th-thank you sir."
"No problem," I replied, giving no hint of anything other than just being another customer.
"What...what can I get you to start?" She asked, finding her professionalism again, "Coffee? Soda?"
"Just water, thank you. And I'm ready to order now if that's OK. I already know what I want."
"Yes, of course sir, what would you like?" She asked in the friendly tone every server in America practices to hopefully increase their tips.
I had to bite back hard on replying, "Well a fresh pair of panties to start," and instead just ordered my prime rib, medium rare, with some mashed potatoes and spinach as my sides.
From there we went through the familiar routine. She brought my food, I ate, she'd occasionally stop back to refill my water and ask if I needed anything, then move on to the other tables.
Finally, I asked for the check, and she returned with it shortly. "Was everything OK, sir?" She asked, ever the professional waitress.
"Everything was wonderful, thank you Jenna." Yes, I used her name on purpose, just to see her reaction.
Her professional smile suddenly cracked with surprise, and then I saw...a REAL smile. The one I remembered from before, when we were involved in a very different kind of customer / server relationship.
"I'm...I'm glad to hear that. Have a great evening, sir. Come see us again soon, ok?" She said, managing to put her waitress persona back on.
"I'm sure I will," I replied, and she simply turned and walked away.
I grinned to myself, shaking my head. "Small world," I thought, then shrugged. "I'll leave her a nice tip."
As I picked up the check to go pay, I noticed something odd, and turning it over, saw a post-it note stuck to the back. There was a message hand written on it.
"I get off at 10pm. Call me! PLEASE! - J" Below was a phone number.
I damn near dropped the thing. Instead, I pocketed the note and made my way up to the cashier.
I took one last look on my way out the door. Jenna was busy with other customers, but I thought I saw her glance my way. I gave a quick nod towards her, confirmed that she saw it, then simply left.
-------------------------------------------------------
A light drizzle had begun as I got into my car, and by the end of my short drive home it had become a steady rain.
I still had about two hours to wait until Jenna's shift ended, and I spent most of that time deep in thought.
She'd recognized me right away, that much I knew. What I wasn't sure of is whether I'd played it so cool she thought I didn't recognize her until I actually said her name. Didn't matter, I suppose, given the note she left me.
She wanted to talk. Why? Why had she ignored my emails all this time, only to give me her phone number at a chance meeting?
I honestly couldn't decide if I was angry or thrilled about this situation.
Time ticked by slowly. I decided to clean myself up a bit; shave, take a shower, fresh deodorant, clean clothes. I don't know why I put in all this effort, it was only gonna be a damn phone call.
And yet I was prepping like a high school boy getting ready for a date.
"Just killing time," I thought to myself.
-------------------------------------------------------
It was 10:05pm. Her number was dialed into my phone, but my thumb refused to hit Send.
I was sweating nervously. So much for that shower. Whatever.
Finally I found my guts and made the call.
She answered on the second ring. "Tom?" Her voice was quivering, but unmistakable. "I was...afraid you decided not to call."
"Sorry, lost track of time," I lied. Then I cut right to it. "I tried to email you several times. You never responded. What happened?" I found there was no anger in my voice, just hurt confusion.
"Look, it's...complicated," she said, then before I could respond, suddenly switched gears. "I hate to ask you this, and you have every right to say no, but could you...could you come give me a ride home? I usually walk, but it's several blocks away and it's pouring rain. "
She must have mistaken my shocked silence for anger, because she continued quickly, "Look, nevermind, forget I asked, I'll be fi..."
"Jenna," I broke in, finally finding my voice, "It's fine. I'll be right there. I'm only five minutes away."
The relief in her voice was palpable. "Really? Oh, thank you, so much."
"No problem, see you shortly," I replied coolly, and hung up.
-------------------------------------------------------
It took longer than I expected to get back to the diner. The rain seemed to be getting worse by the minute. High winds were now whipping through the trees, threatening the powerlines, and several streets were flooded.
I pulled up near the entrance to see Jenna standing inside the foyer, looking out. I called her cell as I parked. "I'm here," I said when she answered. "I can see you by the door. Stay there, I'm bringing you an umbrella. "
I scrambled out the door, grabbing the umbrella and the cheap plastic raincoat I kept in the glove box for emergencies.
The umbrella turned out to be totally fucking useless. A strong gust of wind utterly destroyed the thing as soon as I opened it, and between that and the heavy rain, I was soaked head to toe by the time I reached the diner door.
Jenna stood there, staring at me with a mix of sympathy and amusement.
Our eyes met. Any anger or resentment I might have had in me towards her washed away with the rain still dripping down my face.
I simply smiled at her, held up the tattered remains of the umbrella, and shrugged.
She burst into laughter, as did I. The tension had broken.
"Oh my god, I am SO sorry, I didn't expect you to do that," she was apologizing between giggles.
"That's what I get for trying to be chivalrous," I joked, grinning.
"My hero," she fake swooned. Then, despite my nearly drowned state, she swooped in and gave me a hug.
She came away from the hug with some wet splotches across the front of her waitress uniform. She noticed it, and grinning an embarrassed grin, sheepishly folded her arms across her chest.
I decided not to comment on it, instead simply saying, "Look, my car's still running outside, do you wanna make a dash for it or try and wait it out? I brought you this." I held up what turned out to be a rather pathetically cheap rain poncho.
"Screw it, we're both wet now, let's just go for it," she grinned. She slipped on the cheap poncho, which barely covered her shoulders, and we made a mad dash for the car.
-------------------------------------------------------
The ride to her place was slow and tedious. The rain made visibility a nightmare, and the winds kept trying to blow us off the street.
The only thing the poncho had saved Jenna from getting wet was her hair. The rest of her was as soaked as I was. I had the heat up on full blast, trying to dry us out and still our chattering teeth.
"Hurricane, ya think?" Jenna managed through her shivers.
"I dunno," I replied shakily. "Maybe we all just really pissed God off again. I thought I saw an Ark float by on my way to the diner."
She bellowed a laugh despite the tense situation. The rest of the ride was quiet as I concentrated on trying to just stay on the road.
We finally pulled into the parking lot near her dorm / apartment. It was approximately twenty yards from the lot to her front door, and the rain hadn't let up one drop. We both sat there, looking out the windows, then at each other.
"We can wait here for it to slow down if you want," I said to her.
"I just wanna g-g-go in and dry off," she said, still shaking despite my apparently insufficient car heater.
"Ok well I guess this is where we say goodbye then," I said cautiously.
"No!" she blurted. "I...I mean, can you...come in with me, you can at least dry off a bit and wait this storm out. I'd hate to think of you getting in an accident on the way home, especially since it's my fault you're out in this," she said, sounding concerned.
"Are...are you sure? What about your roommates?" I asked.
"Two of them went home for the summer early, the other is staying the night at her boyfriends," Amy said, shrugging. "It'll be fine. Please, come in. I don't want you driving in this and," she paused, "and I really did want to talk to you."
"Ok," I shrugged back, "you talked me into it. Race ya?" I said with a wink.
She grinned a sly grin, then chirped, "Winner gets the first hot shower!" Before I could respond, her door was already open and she was sprinting for the house.
-------------------------------------------------------
I'd almost caught up to her despite her head start, until I slipped in the mud and fell flat on my ass.
She'd made the front door by then and was keying it when she must have heard my surprised yelp and subsequent splat. Quickly, she rushed back over to me.
"Are you ok???" she shouted above the rain, reaching down to help me up and immediately slipping to fall right next to me.
Now I was up and trying to help her regain her feet. We were both caked in mud and rain, and laughing hysterically.
We finally made it to the front door, and Jenna had a moment of panic when she couldn't find her keys. I went back and retrieved them from where she'd fallen. After a moment's struggle with the lock, we finally made it inside.
We both just stood there, gasping for breath and already leaving a large puddle on the welcome mat.
"Jesus," Jenna muttered, catching her breath.
"I think he took the night off," I sniped, causing another fit of giggles from her. I realized how much I enjoyed making her laugh.
There was an awkward pause once she stopped laughing, and we simply looked at each other.
Even currently doing her best imitation of a drowned rat, (but then again so was I) she still looked simply adorable. I couldn't help but notice how her drenched clothes were clinging to her curves, compromising her modesty. I quickly averted my eyes, not wanting to make her suddenly uncomfortable.
"So, um..." Jenna started, "I really, like REALLY need to get out of these filthy clothes, but I can't run through the place like this. Can you...could you...you know, turn around?"
I got her drift and respectfully turned away, facing the door.
"No peeking, promise?" Her voice came nervously from behind me.
"I promise," I said solemnly. I did a quick criss-cross over my heart and again heard her giggle.
Over the sounds of her struggling to remove her wet clothes, she grunted, "Once I get this stuff...off...I'll make a beeline to the bathroom. Then I'll...come back out and...bring...you a towel, and you can...undress here while I...take a quick shower," she finished, breathing with relief as she'd, I'd assumed, finally removed the last of her wet clothing.
"No peeking! I'll be right back!" I could already hear her voice retreating away and the sounds of her bare feet running across the floor. Moments later I heard the bathroom door close.
I figured it was safe to turn around now, and looking down, I saw her wet clothing piled on the floor, including her bra and panties. I had to smile, imagining her running bare assed naked through her living room.
I stood there, shivering and hugging myself trying to warm up, when Jenna suddenly reappeared from the hallway.
She was wearing only a large, fluffy white towel, and carrying another one.
She'd managed to get her wet red hair in some semblance of order, but it was still streaked with mud. Whatever makeup she'd had on at the diner was utterly washed away from the rain. But her freckled face was radiant, despite the flecks of mud that still caked it here and there.
I felt another shiver run through me, but this time not from the cold.
If she noticed my stare, she didn't say anything. Instead she just handed me the towel and said, "Here, undress and use this to cover up. I'm going to shower, then you can hop in after me, ok?"
"Sounds like a plan," I sputtered, my hair still dripping water down my face.
I started to undress as she turned back towards the hallway. I was down to my underwear when I heard her voice call out from behind me, "I'll be as quick as I can, I promise. Oh, and I turned the heat up a bit to help keep you warm."
I turned and saw her standing by the hall entrance, watching me with a wry grin.
"I thought we agreed, no peeking," I said in mock annoyance.
Her grin widened. "Hey, you agreed to that, not me. Besides, it's nothing I haven't seen before, right?" With that she dropped a wink and disappeared down the hall before I removed my boxers.
I did my best to dry myself, then covered my nudity, wrapping the oversized towel around my waist.
I was still too damp and dirty to actually sit on any furniture, so I stood there, alone, still shivering, and bored. I'd left my phone in the car, which was probably smart in retrospect considering my wet muddy fall, but I didn't even have that to occupy me as I waited, shifting my feet and trying NOT to think of Jenna naked in the shower that I could hear running faintly from down the hall.
At least I was feeling the place start to warm up from the heater, and my shivering finally subsided.
After what felt like eternity but was probably only about ten minutes, I heard the shower stop. Five more minutes passed, then the door opened, and Jenna called out, "Sorry, I know I took forever. I saved you some hot water, I promise. I'm going to duck in my bedroom, when you hear that door close you can head into the bathroom. I laid out everything you'll need." Seconds later I heard her bedroom door close, and I carefully made my way to the bathroom.
-------------------------------------------------------
I stepped out from my considerably shorter shower, wrapped in a fresh towel, to find Jenna throwing our filthy clothes in the small washer / dryer combo occupying a utility closer next to the bathroom.
She was wearing a long, maroon bathrobe. Her hair looked freshly blow dried, her lightly freckled face now fully clean and still bare of any makeup.
"Gonna have to wash these," she smiled apologetically, "I'll see what I can find for you to wear in the meantime."
"As long as it's nothing too lacy," I deadpanned, causing her smile to widen. Her green eyes were filled with mirth, and I caught my gaze lingering a bit too long before I broke eye contact to continue down the hall. I found the couch and plopped down on it, exhausted.
Jenna joined me a few moments later, carrying what I at first thought was a blanket. Then I realized it was one of those Snuggie things you'd see advertised on TV. It was bright pink.
"Sorry," she said, not looking the least bit sorry, "I don't have anything that would possibly fit you, but you can use this to cover up and keep warm if you want."
"I'm actually warm enough now, thank you, but I'll use it to cover myself if that makes you more comfortable," I offered.
"Well, actually, I kinda need that towel, I wanna wash it with the rest of the stuff," she said, a slight flush now showing on her face.
I stood up, managed to put on the ridiculous pink Snuggie, then slipped the towel off from under it and handed it to her. She blushed harder, then went to throw it in the machine.
I sat back down and wrestled with the Snuggie, adjusting it around me to make sure I was properly covered.
Jenna came back into the room as I was finishing, and burst into a fresh fit of laughter.
"Sorry, I really am," she said between giggles, "I wish I had something better for you, but..."
I grinned sheepishly, and shrugged. "Hey I've been in far more ridiculous scenarios I suppose," I said with a wink.
She blushed again, but winked back, and my heart skipped a beat at how adorable she was.
Jenna took the same chair she'd sat in last time I was there, under much stranger circumstances I suppose, and breathed a sigh of relief to finally be off her feet.
We sat in silence for a few minutes, just taking a moment to chill from all the recent craziness.
Jenna finally broke the silence. "So I guess we need to talk."
"Jenna, look," I said calmly, "you don't have to explain yourself to me. We had a deal, the deal was done, and you decided that was enough. I get it. I just wish you'd at least have responded to my messages to tell me, ya know?"
"Well, that's just it," she replied, "I never got them. Look, let me just explain, ok?"
I nodded silently, and waited for her to continue.
"After you left that night, I kinda freaked out a bit. Oh not because of YOU," she said, seeing my concern, "you were fine, you did nothing that made me feel in danger or anything like that. It was just about ME."
She paused for a moment, then continued, "I'd never done anything like that before. I haven't...I haven't really had that much experience with guys, despite what I might have said during...well, you know,...anyway, I deleted your messages, then I deleted that email account I used. I even changed the password to a bunch of random numbers I wouldn't remember so I couldn't log back into it."
Here she paused, looking ashamed and embarrassed. "I never responded because I never got your messages. Because I...I was afraid. Not afraid of you asking me to do...that...again. I was afraid I'd say yes." She hung her head sadly.
"Jenna, I would never have tried to pressure you into anyth..." I started, but she cut me off.
"No, I get that. You don't understand. I was afraid because....because..." she started crying, "because I enjoyed it and I couldn't understand why, and I was afraid of seeing you again because I WANTED to...see you again. Doing that. And it scared me."
Tears were rolling down her cheeks. I wanted to get up, go to her, comfort her. Then I remembered I was wearing nothing but a stupid Snuggie and thought better of it.
Instead, I responded, "Jenna, I'm sorry. Last thing I wanted was to cause you any pain or trauma."
"You're still not getting it!" she snapped angrily. "I wasn't TRAUMATIZED by what you...we...did. I was TURNED ON by it and wanted to do it again. And that scared the hell out of me," she finished, calming herself.
We sat in silence for a while, her drying her tears, me simply stunned by her confession.
And that's when the power went out.
-------------------------------------------------------
After lighting a few candles she managed to scrounge up, Jenna next went to check on the laundry.
"Bad news," she said when she returned. "The machine hadn't finished yet. Looks like you might be stuck here awhile, unless you wanna drive home in that Snuggie," she said, giggling at the idea.
I rolled my eyes, "Yeah, no, I think I'll pass on that."
We looked at each other for a few moments, both of us with goofy grins on our faces. She seemed to have recovered from her earlier outburst.
"I just realized I'm a terrible host," she said, breaking the spell. "You hungry? Want something to drink? I'd offer to cook you something, but..." She gestured around the candle lit room and shrugged.
"I'm not really hungry anyway, but a drink would be nice, thanks," I replied.
"You want a beer? Or some wine? Water? Ice tea?" She called out, looking through her fridge. "Beer sounds good," I answered.
She brought back a beer for me, a glass of wine for herself, and a bag of pretzels she put on the coffee table, "just in case you wanna nibble."
Knowing she was only 19, I cocked one eyebrow at her glass of wine. "My roommate Michelle is 21," Jenna said with a shrug.
We sipped our drinks in silence, which Jenna eventually broke. "Sorry for my little outburst earlier," she said sheepishly.
"It's ok," I replied, "we don't have to talk about it if you don't want to." Jenna just nodded.
So we talked about other things instead.
I told Jenna about my boring job, Jenna told me about her classes, which was far more interesting. She was an artist, and hoped to pursue a career in graphic design. She showed me some of her sketchbooks. She was pretty damn talented.
We'd been chatting awhile, and I was finishing my second beer, when my bladder decided it needed emptying.
"Gotta use your restroom, excuse me," I said, standing up.
About halfway across the room, I heard a low wolf whistle from behind me. That's when I realized the Snuggie didn't close in the back and Jenna was getting a full view of my bare ass.
I turned to see Jenna grinning slyly. "Drinks AND a show, this night's definitely looking up," she said, tilting her wine glass at me.
I laughed, did a slight bow, then continued to the bathroom, not bothering to try and cover up at that point.
While I emptied my bladder, my mind started racing. Where was this going? Was it going ANYWHERE? Am I reading too much into all of this?
"Don't overthink it," I told myself as I was washing my hands. "Just roll with it. Whatever happens, happens. Or not."
When I came back out, I saw Jenna sitting with her sketch pad and some pencils. She had her legs crossed, and her robe was open enough to reveal her legs fully. I had a moment to think about the fact that at any time she could have gone and put more clothing on besides just that bathrobe after her shower, but she never did.
"Hey, since we're kinda stuck here with no power and nothing to do, I was wondering if you'd be willing to help me out with something," she said, looking slightly nervous. When she saw my head tilted in question, she continued, "I have one more art project coming up before the summer break. They're gonna have us sketch a nude male model. I've never done a nude before and was thinking maybe I could, you know...get some practice."
My jaw dropped. "Are you serious?" I gasped. "I mean, yes, I'd be willing to, but I thought..."
"Look," she said, calmly, "I know you enjoyed being naked in front of me before. I know you'd like to do it again. And I...enjoyed...seeing you naked last time too. Now that I've actually admitted it to myself, it doesn't bother me anymore."
Jenna paused, then smiled, continuing, "I trust you now, and I honestly do need the practice. Let's not make a big THING about this and instead just relax and enjoy it?"
I started to say something, stopped myself, took a deep breath. "Ok, then. Why the hell not?"
-------------------------------------------------------
Jenna found some more candles and a flashlight, and spent several minutes moving them around the room, trying to get some semblance of lighting to draw by.
As she moved and bent, her bathrobe loosened enough times for me to confirm she wasn't wearing a bra under it. I never got a full boob flash, but saw plenty of cleavage.
She also moved her chair closer so she could sit directly across from me on the couch.
"Fuck it," she said, slightly frustrated, "that's as good as the lighting is gonna get I guess. Not my ideal situation, but whatever, this will just be a rough sketch anyway," she finished with a shrug.
"So, how do you want me to pose?" I asked.
"Well, first, lose that stupid Snuggie," she said, as casually as someone might say 'pass the salt,' "then just, well..." she paused a moment, looking deep in thought. "Just sit casually. Like you would at home. Like you're relaxing after a tough day or whatever. We'll see what that looks like," she directed.
"What if I," I hesitated a moment, "what if I, you know, get...aroused?"
"Nothing I haven't seen before," she grinned. "Just don't play with it. At least, not 'til I'm done."
I was taken aback by that last comment. I wasn't really expecting this to turn into another masturbation session, but that really felt like a hint that it was a possibility.
Putting that out of my mind, I instead focused on being a "professional" model.
I casually shrugged off the Snuggie, glad to be rid of it. Then I spread it out over the couch before sitting down. "So I'm not bare assed on your furniture," I explained. "I'm sure my roomies would appreciate that," Jenna replied with a smirk.
I then thought about how I wanted to pose. I decided I'd try what she suggested, and I laid myself down so that my head was propped up on the arm of the couch, supported by a small throw pillow. I then lifted my left leg up onto the couch, bent at the knee, and let my right leg dangle off the side with my foot on the floor.
"That's good, I can work with that," Jenna said, "now maybe just rest your left arm across your stomach, and your right arm by your side, as comfortably as you can so you won't feel like moving them later."
I followed her direction, getting myself as comfortable as I could. I couldn't help but notice my penis was as relaxed as the rest of me, casually flopped over towards the leg that was hanging off the couch.
"That's perfect," said Jenna, "You look like a guy that's had a really long day and just wants to unwind."
"Well it HAS been a really long, strange day," I said with a laugh. "I suppose it has," she laughed with me.
"Ok, now turn your face a little towards me. Perfect, right there. Now, try to move as little as possible," she directed. Then, falling silent, she sipped her wine, picked up her pencil and pad, and began sketching.
I was glad she'd asked me to turn my head a bit, because now I could observe her while she worked. Her face was a mask of concentration as she looked at me, then back towards her pad. The only sound in the room was our breathing and her pencil scratching across the paper.
I couldn't help but think how quickly the tables had turned between us. The last time I was nude in front of her, I was in control, fulfilling my own little sexual fantasy.
Now here I was, again naked, again with Jenna watching me, but for a completely different reason. It was rather remarkable how fast, how casually, she had taken control this time.
"This feels like some weird Jack and Rose from Titanic role reversal thing," I joked, breaking the silence.
"I'm not fucking you after," she shot back with an arched eyebrow.
"Fair enough, as long as I still get to keep the diamond," I replied quickly. That got a laugh out of her. "Cut it out, you're breaking my concentration," she admonished me, trying to stifle a giggle.
"Yes ma'am, sorry ma'am," I said in mock apology. She rolled her eyes, then went back to sketching.
Several more minutes went by in silence as I continued to watch her work. At one point she got up to move a few of the candles around, and when she sat down again I noticed her robe had loosened further. I was now treated to a lovely view of her milky white cleavage, and the round under-curve of her left breast. I was also treated to plenty of her lovely legs. The flickering candlelight was playing tricks with the shadows, often giving me the illusion that I was seeing more than I actually could.
But it was her eyes that I found most erotic. Because they were focused almost entirely on me, seeing me, naked and fully exposed to her.
I suppose it was inevitable that I started to get an erection.
It began slowly at first, just a twitch to alert me that it was waking up. Once I recognized what was happening, I was powerless to stop it, as I felt the blood flowing into it, becoming slowly engorged.
Jenna was still looking at her pad. When she finally looked up again, her eyebrows raised. "Hey, I said no moving," she said sternly, but I could tell she was trying not to grin.
"Sorry, these things have a mind of their own sometimes," I apologized.
"Ah, it's fine. I was just getting to that part anyway. I suppose it'll be more interesting to draw...that way," she said, finally letting her adorable grin break. "See if you can keep it that way for a while. But remember, no touching."
I suddenly felt flushed. Jenna was focusing all her attention on my erect cock, and the more she focused as she drew, the harder I felt. Several times she'd lean in closer, trying to get a better look, and every time she did I got a wonderful view of her breasts hanging loose in her robe, swaying slightly with her movements.
"Hey, it's twitching. No twitching!" she chided me. "Hold still, I'm almost done dammit."
Trying to stop my cock from twitching would be like trying to stop the tide, I thought, but I did my best to concentrate and eventually it calmed down.
Several more minutes went by before she finally put her pencil down. "There, finished!" Jenna exclaimed. She examined her pad with a critical eye. "Hmmm, not my best work, but not bad for having to do it by candlelight."
"Can I see it?" I asked excitedly. She hesitated a moment, looking nervous, then replied, "Sure, but don't judge it too harshly, ok? It's really just a rough sketch under less than ideal lighting."
I sat up from my prone position and stretched a bit, then turned eagerly to view the drawing she held up before me.
I was blown away. It was like seeing myself for the first time, but through someone else's eyes. I looked strong, masculine. The pose of my body looked relaxed yet exhausted. My face projected confidence but also a look of weariness, of someone who's seen rough times but survived them.
"Jenna, that's...amazing," I gasped. "I feel like you drew someone else though, I never looked that good."
"I draw what I see," she replied simply.
"I don't know what to say. I'm honored," I said humbly. "Thank you. It's beautiful."
She blushed and smiled, "I'm glad you like it."
I looked at it again, admiring the details, only then really noticing for the first time her representation of my cock.
"I'm really not THAT big you know," I said with a chuckle.
"I draw what I see," she repeated with a wink.
"Speaking of which," she continued, "you can take care of that now if you want."
My jaw went slack as I followed her gaze down towards my cock, which was still standing at full attention. I'd somehow forgotten about it while appreciating her sketch.
"Are you sure?" I asked, almost a whisper.
"Of course I'm sure," she replied almost casually, only the slight flush of her face in the candlelight betraying a hint of excitement. "But first, let me refill my wine. Want another beer?" She asked as she headed towards the kitchen.
I shook my head stupidly, then realized she wasn't looking at me. "Um, no, not now, I'm good. Maybe...later," I stumbled.
When she returned, she took her chair and suddenly slid it back a few feet, leaving her in shadow as she sat down and cradled her glass. "Why did you..." I started, but she cut me off.
"Just go ahead, relax, do your thing, ok? Just promise me..." She paused, hesitating, "...just promise you'll stay on the couch, no matter what, ok?"
"Jenna, I don't underst..."
"Just promise," she cut me off again, firmly.
"Ok, I promise," I said, still confused.
From where she sat now, I could only see her silhouette, a shadowy outline in the chair. Meanwhile I was still lit by the glow of the candles.
It was then that I started to understand, and I felt a sudden rush of excitement, but tried to contain it in case I had guessed wrong.
I sat back and, looking at the shadow of her, started to pleasure myself.
Suddenly I heard Jenna giggle, "You forgot the lube again."
"Fuck the lube," I said, groaning from my first few strokes already.
My cock was on fire, ready to burst, but I didn't wanna rush it, so I focused on keeping a slow, steady pace, pausing when needed, drawing it out and slowly building the intensity.
Then I heard a moan that wasn't mine.
Looking towards Jenna, I could see movement, vague and hidden in the shadows.
It was the sounds that gave her away. The rustling of her robe, the creak of her chair. Her breathing had become heavier, occasionally letting out light sighs and moans. And then, very faintly, came the soft wet squishing sounds.
Jenna was masturbating!
I almost came right then; it took all my strength and control not to.
Now I understood the promise she'd made me make to stay on the couch. She wanted to watch me, and she wanted to pleasure herself while doing so, but she also wanted her privacy.
I desperately wanted to see what she was doing of course. The idea, the IMAGE of it was burning in my mind hotter than a thousand candles. I wanted to go to her, to SEE her, to TOUCH her, to swoop her into my arms and make passionate love to her right on the floor of this candle lit room.
But I knew that if I so much as stood up off of the couch, this would end in a heartbeat.
I respected her wishes.
My imagination supplied the images to the sounds I was hearing, coloring in the dark shadow of her hidden body, filling in the details in my mind.
I could "see" her face, twisting in pleasure with each moan and squeal I heard escape her lips. Every time her chair creaked I saw her hips thrusting and twisting her body as her fingers worked her obviously wet pussy that was supplying the slippery moisture sounds.
I saw her breasts now, not just her cleavage, but her full, firm young mounds with their sharp and swollen nipples through the shadows of her all but hidden form. I saw her legs, trembling with pleasure as they opened further to give her better access to her aching clit.
My mind painted these pictures as clearly and as well detailed as Jenna's drawing of me.
I could hear her breathing becoming more hitched and irregular, and knew her climax was approaching.
"T-T-Tommy," her voice came suddenly, stuttering, "I'm close, so c-c-close, cum for me, please, I need you to...to...ohhhhh God, mmmmmmm," her words dissolving into moans, then grunts, and finally to screams as her orgasm took her.
My cock was already exploding the moment she said "cum for me," my own screams and moans echoing hers as we climaxed together in the dark.
I was dizzy with pleasure, my body shaking uncontrollably. And in my mind's eye, so was hers.
The room became utterly silent save for the sounds of us collectively catching our breath.
We sat in that silence for what felt like eternity, but was in reality only a few minutes.
Jenna's voice broke the silence again. "Stay there, ok? I'll be right back." I heard her chair creak, saw her shadow stand and head down the hallway.
I sat alone, covered in my own cum, watching the candles burning low and grinning like the village idiot.
She returned with, as she had on our first encounter, a warm washcloth for me to clean up, which I did promptly.
"You can sleep in one of the empty bedrooms if you want, I'll bring you some blankets and pillows," she said as I finished wiping myself down. She was speaking calmly but I sensed caution as well.
Instead of putting the hated Snuggie back on, I instead simply wrapped it around my waste. I was trying to decide what to say. "Thanks," I began, "Jenna, that was..."
"Sounds like the storm is subsiding," Jenna broke in. "Hopefully the power will be back on by the time we wake up and I can finish washing your clothes, or you may wind up driving home in that Snuggie," she chuckled.
She'd cut me off, I realized. She doesn't want to talk about what just happened.
So I just replied, "Hopefully. At least it's Saturday and I don't have to work. What about your other roommate? Will she be back in the morning, ya think? I don't want her freaked out by an unexpected guest."
"Oh, I texted her while you were in the bathroom earlier. She's gonna stay with her boyfriend all weekend, so we're ok," Jenna answered.
Jenna dug a few sheets, blankets and pillows out of the closet, then showed me to one of the empty rooms, me carrying a couple candles to light the way.
After making up the bed, she took one of the candles from me. Her face glowed like an angel in its light.
We just looked at each other for a few moments in silence. "Well, goodnight," Jenna said gently. Then, to my surprise, leaned in and gave me a soft kiss.
It lasted only a second, and then she was gone.
-------------------------------------------------------
Afterwards: If you stuck around through all of that to arrive at this ending, I thank you. When I wrote part 1, I had no real idea what I wanted to do to continue it, only that I wanted to revisit and expand on the original idea and characters.
Part 2 took on a life of its own, and went in directions I hadn't planned at all.
Now that it's finished, I have a better idea of where it may go from here, although I haven't started part 3 yet. Just some fragments of ideas really.
I realize there wasn't a lot of sex here, but I wasn't looking to write a "fuck and suck" story so much as to continue to explore the ideas of CFNM, voyeurism and exhibitionism.
But now that Jenna has admitted to herself her enjoyment of this kinda thing, there's some very good possibilities that she'll expand her horizons in future chapters. Stay tuned.
To be continued...