The first rule of M Club is: You don't talk about M Club. The second rule of M Club is: You don't talk about M Club. Third rule of M Club: No touching anyone but yourself. Fourth rule: No recording devices. Fifth rule: No clothing below the waist. Sixth rule: If this is your first time at M Club, you must masturbate.
* * *
Sean closed the front door and noted the silence of the house. After school at this time of year, his dad would still be at work and his brother at practice. His mom would sometimes be home, otherwise she might be out at a class. She'd reached a point in her yoga teacher training where she was filling in for a few classes around town when the regular was unavailable. When she was home, it was usually obvious -- the sound of her moving around or playing music. Given the silence, he assumed she was out.
He climbed the stairs, heading for his room, when that assumption was proven wrong. He could just make out a faint humming sound coming from the end of the hall. It was nearly steady in pitch, with only brief modulations up and down. That it was coming from his parent's room, he assumed it was his mom in the master bathroom, using an electric razor or toothbrush or something. Probably just got home from teaching and took a shower.
Sean was about to slip into his room and get to work on his European History paper, when another sound joined -- a low moan. What was that? For a second, he thought she might be in pain. Another moan followed, however, and this he recognized as pleasure. It was not unlike some of the sounds he'd heard coming from his parents' room late last night. There were few things more embarrassing for a teen than hearing his parents having sex. But if dad wasn't home, did that mean she was masturbating?
He was even more keen to get in his room and pretend he hadn't noticed a thing, but then he noted that their bedroom door was cracked open. Seriously? Had she forgotten that he said he'd be home after school when she asked that morning what his day's plans were? It wasn't like she didn't have the house to herself most of the day, if she felt the need to take care of herself like that.
For as much as masturbation, both in private and with friends, had become a major part of his life over the last several weeks, he still had trouble picturing other people doing it -- his parents, in particular. There was no reason to think they lost the urge after getting a little older or even married. It just seemed...odd.
Sean remained rooted in spot, his imagination running at the thought of his mom masturbating. It was the first tangible evidence he'd ever had that she did anything of the sort. That hum almost had to be a vibrator. What kind did she have? Was it anything like Denby's? Did dad know about her toy, or toys? Did they ever use them together?
Again, thinking of his parents that way was unsettling. Perhaps less so than it had been a year or two ago, though. They were attractive enough for their age. His mom, if he was honest, was quite attractive. Andy openly lusted after her, and had teased Sean for years about having dibs on her should his parents ever separate. Still...it was mom.
The right and proper thing to do would be to just go in his room, close the door, and pretend he'd been completely oblivious. She was just engaged in a perfectly normal and private behavior and it was none of his business or concern. He expected and had received the same privacy from his parents, right? Then again, he'd never left his door open when jerking off before.
Against all better judgment, Sean found himself tip-toeing down the carpeted hall, his backpack still slung over a shoulder. His hands shook and his heart beat so hard he thought for certain his mom would hear it over the noise. With each step closer, however, all he heard was the humming and moaning in greater intensity.
A foot from her door, which was cracked perhaps two inches wide, he stopped. He still had time to do the right thing and slip away. Would peeking irrevocably scar his image of mom for life? Just listening to her had already changed things. She was mom, but she was also a woman with needs and urges.
He leaned forward, just enough to see the foot of their bed come into view and it sounded as if she had to be there rather than in the bathroom. Just an inch further forward and a bare leg -- bent at the knee and spread wide -- was revealed. He wiped his palms on his shorts. She really was doing this.
Mouth dry, he leaned forward just a bit further. Most of his mother's body was now in view, laying back on top of the bedsheets with her head on a pillow. She wore her pink bathrobe, but it had come undone and was splayed open, revealing her naked body in its entirety. As Andy had put it many times, she was a true MILF -- lovely breasts, somewhere between Denby and Lisa's in size, hanging just to each side, a toned tummy, shapely legs, and a smooth shaved pussy spread wide.
That last bit was something of a revelation. His mom shaved. Yes, it was hardly unusual these days, but it still projected something of a sexual connotation that he had trouble equating with his mother.
She was indeed using a vibrator of some sort. It was small and pink, almost completely enclosed in the palm of one had, and apparently focused on her clit. With the other hand, she used her fingers to play around the folds of her pussy, teasing and rubbing. The glistening sheen on the skin left no question as to the state of her arousal.
Sean was suddenly very aware of his own state. His cock strained inside his shorts to the point of extreme discomfort. He was forced to adjust himself and after that slightest bit of contact he left his hand in place, outside his shorts.
Between porn and the club meetings, he'd seen plenty of girls masturbating. Yes, it aroused him. He was bothered, however, by how strong an effect the sight of his mother was having on him. It was wrong on so many levels. He'd never fantasized about her before. He still wasn't, despite his involuntary reaction.
Ashamed of his arousal, he wanted to back away as he should have done in the first place. His mom's moans intensified, however, and he was unable to get his legs to obey. Eyes locked on that place between her legs, he watched as her orgasm overtook her. Every part of her body shuddered and her moans became gasps giving way to whimpers. It was every bit as hot as watching Denby or Lisa, or even Vida.
Sean had rubbed his cock several times in those last few moments, but froze when the hum of the vibrator stopped and silence descended upon the house. He was suddenly terrified that she would be able to hear his breathing, the pounding of his heart, the shift of his backpack. Retreating and closing his bedroom door now would almost surely give himself up. How would she respond to his spying? He didn't want to know.
Frozen, breath held, he watched as his mom slumped back, spent. Her chest continued to heave, slowing as she recovered. To his surprise, she fondled a breast and pinched its nipple, then sat up and gave him an entirely different perspective of her naked body as her breasts assumed their natural hanging state. They certainly weren't as firm as Den or even Lisa, but they were still very attractive. He briefly conceded that dad was a lucky guy.
Mom turned and dropped her legs off the side of the bed and rose. Sean decided it was time to bail, hoping that the sound of her own movement would mask his. Should she go to the bathroom, he'd be safe either way, but if she re-tied the robe and came toward the hallway, he'd never make it unless he moved immediately.
Silent as possible, he hurried down the hall and slipped into his own room. He didn't even risk a backward glance before shutting his door with scarcely a whisper. Thank goodness it didn't squeak.
Still shaking with tension, Sean shrugged off his backpack and hurriedly retrieved his headphones and plugged them into his phone. He figured that way, should his mom poke her head in, he'd be able to feign having not heard anything. Actually looking her in the face would be a challenge, though.
He slumped into the chair at his desk and turned to face the piles of school notes and books. All hope of relaxing and focusing on his paper, however, were dashed when he noted something grossly out of place. His M Club journal, which he'd stuffed at the bottom of an chaotic pile and flipped upside down for good measure, was now sitting on top of the pile, cover side up.
"Oh fuck."
* * *
"Sean, anything new at school today?"
Sean shook his head and glanced up at his mother across the dinner table. He only met her eyes for a moment before returning his focus to his half-eaten plate. How she could act and look as if nothing was out of the ordinary was beyond him.
After watching her masturbate and then finding his M Club journal conspicuously moved, Sean had gone through a spectacular range of emotions. They'd kicked off with a gut-wrenching embarrassment at the thought of his mom having read all that very personal stuff about what he and his friends had been up to the last several weeks. That gave way to a burning anger and disappointment at his mother for having violated his privacy in the first place. He went out of his way not to give his parents any reason to distrust him, and they'd given him his space and privacy in return. Or so he'd thought. Had she or both been snooping in other ways?
Then there was the baffling reaction and non-reaction from his mom. She hadn't said a word about it -- nothing about how it was unseemly or risky or inappropriate. Nothing about punishment or not being allowed to see Denby. Instead, he'd found her masturbating with her bedroom door cracked open. Had it happened on any other day, that might have just been coincidence, but on the same day she'd apparently been reading his notes? No, that meant it almost had to have been intentional.
What the fuck did that mean? Why on Earth would his mom want him to see her masturbating? Had she been turned on by the whole thing instead of revolted? Was she trying to send him some subtle message that she approved of masturbation as a safe form of sexual outlet? Or, on the flip side, was it trying to mortify him out of the behavior by showing him what could happen if they were ever seen or caught? Could it be that she was far more sexually liberated than he'd realized and was simply signaling that it was nothing to be ashamed of?
The only way he was likely to know would be to ask her. He trusted his mom, but talking about anything remotely sexual with her was just something he didn't think he could bring himself to do. Even knowing that she'd read his notes and hadn't gone ballistic, it was still too much.
"Sean?" His dad gave him a puzzled look.
"Sorry," Sean said. "Nothing really. Just trying to figure out this paper I need to finish up tonight."
His dad nodded and shoved another bite of chicken into his mouth. Sean couldn't help but glance back at his mom and was unnerved to find her looking at him. Again, there was no anger or disappointment, but he saw something in her eyes. It was almost soft, sympathetic. What was she thinking? If her actions earlier had been intentional, was she having regrets? Did she even know if he'd seen her or not? She had to know that he'd found the notebook and knew she'd looked. Maybe she was worried about the message that she'd sent. Did she feel guilty about having invaded his privacy?
Dinner continued without any further prodding from his mother. Most of the talk centered around Ryan's soccer. Sean managed to put aside enough of his angst to finish his food.
"Say, Sean," his mother said. "I'm going to be teaching a beginner level yoga class this Saturday morning at the Breslin Center. Denby had mentioned a while back that she might be interested. Perhaps the two of you could come?"
Sean immediately wondered if there was another angle to the offer considering the circumstances. Was she going to get the two of them together and then read the riot act? He couldn't see her doing that, but his imagination sought worst case scenarios.
"Uh, maybe? I can ask her, I guess."
Mom smiled and nodded. "It's at nine. And I have extra mats if you need them."
"Okay."
"She's such a nice girl," Mom continued. "I'm glad you two started dating. You should invite her over more. She's always welcome for dinner."
Sean felt he was being tested, like a game in which he didn't understand the rules. She gave no indication of any subterfuge, though. So, either he was wrong or she was someone against whom he'd never want to play poker.
"Thanks," he said.
"What about you, Ryan? You wanna give it a try?"
Sean's brother wrinkled his nose. "No thanks. Not my thing."
Mom rolled her eyes. "But you've never even tried it. Honestly, you need to try new things. Open up. Be adventurous. You never know what wonderful experiences you can have when you step outside your comfort zone."
Her eyes shifted from Ryan to Sean as she finished sharing her motherly words of wisdom. He got the distinct sense some of that message was really for him. And, if so, it seemed like a genuine admission of approval for what he was doing with the M Club. Improbable, and yet how else could he interpret it?
"Sure, maybe I'll try base jumping or something," Ryan said. "But I'm still passing on the yoga."
"Suit yourself," Mom said. "Guess I'll have to settle for one out of two."
Sean still wasn't too sure about whether Mom had ulterior motives for the yoga class, but having invited his younger brother led him to believe it was nothing more than a sincere offer to let them join in with something important to her. Just like M Club was something important to him. No, he wasn't going to invite her to join nor was he going to openly discuss it with her, even if she approved. He did feel slightly better about things, though, by the time he cleared the table and retreated to his room to study.
* * *
Sean woke with a raging hard-on and the evaporating hints of strange dreams about yoga and masturbating in a studio in front of a couple dozen women. The episode with his mom had clearly intruded on his subconscious, despite his best efforts to clear his mind with homework and music the rest of the evening. It certainly hadn't helped that when he'd gone to the bathroom to brush his teeth, he'd heard the rhythmic creaking of sex on the bed from his parents' room. The door wasn't cracked, at least, but he'd still found himself listening in for a minute or three. He had made out the sounds of moaning from his mom as well as some soft, indistinguishable words that seemed only to result in harder and faster thumping. His notes had clearly had a profound effect on his mother.
Sleep had been slow in coming and he'd eventually resorted to jerking himself off to clear his mind. He'd tried to focus his imagination on Denby and Lisa -- both naked, licking each other and taking turns sucking him off -- but images of his mother kept intruding.
A glance at his alarm clock told Sean that he didn't have time to indulge in another quick one before school. He hastened through his shower, dressed, and descended to the kitchen for breakfast. Ryan was nowhere to be seen and his dad was already gone to work. Mom, however, was busy pouring herself a cup of coffee. He couldn't help but admire her figure from the rear -- long, toned legs shown to excellent effect by spandex shorts that scarcely covered her ass cheeks, and a lean torso bared save for a sports bra. The shorts and sports bra were nothing unusual for her, but she typically wore a t-shirt over the top.
"Morning, sweetie," she said, turning at the sound of him entering. He forced his eyes up from the cleavage this particular bra put on display.
"Morning," he said. He smiled, yet feared she may take this private moment to delve into everything.
"You hanging out with Denby or your friends after school?"
And here it comes, Sean thought. "Uh, no, actually," he said. "I've got a Calc test tomorrow, plus a bunch of other homework, so not today."
"Okay," she said after taking a sip of coffee. "Well, dad and Ryan won't be home until dinner, like usual, and I'm taking a late afternoon class, so I probably won't get back until four or so."
"Okay," he said, grabbing cereal and pouring himself a dish. He wondered if she was telling him her schedule for a reason. Could she be suggesting the club would have the house to themselves for a short while after school if they wanted to play? It wouldn't be much time, if that was the case, and they'd already settled on their next meeting a couple days from now.
His mom took a chair across the table from him, sipping her coffee while reading the morning paper. Sean tried to focus on catching up on a few things on his phone, but his eyes kept wandering up to her cleavage and the subtle hint of hard nipples pushing against the fabric. She was, as Andy often reminded him, quite attractive, yet his response to it bothered him. Had she worn just the bra on purpose? To tease or arouse him? That confused him more than his involuntary physical response.
He shoveled in the last of his breakfast as quickly as he could and excused himself to get to school.
"Have a good day," she called out after him. "See you this afternoon."
"Yeah, you too," he said as he walked out the front door.
His world felt like it was turning upside down. He desperately wanted to talk this through with someone, but who could he trust? Denby would almost certainly freak out that their secret was known. She'd been bothered enough when it was Vida, and she would certainly never be able to face his mother again with a straight face. Andy would probably think it incredibly hot and beg him to invite her to the next M Club meeting. Or, worse, he might try to get his mom to put on a show for him. Lisa, of all his friends, might be the most understanding and discreet. Still, he wasn't sure he wanted to burden her with that knowledge and keep it from Denby. After that, there really wasn't anyone he could talk to. He didn't know Vida well enough yet.
Despite his mess, he kept reminding himself that his mom could have freaked out. This could be so much worse.
* * *
Denby and Lisa had both picked up on Sean's mood, but he was pretty sure he succeeded in convincing them it was nothing more than being tired after working too late on his paper. Denby had asked about hanging out, just the two of them, after school, but he'd deferred honestly for his studying. He promised to video chat later that night and, time permitting, include a little naked play time.
Home, he found the house quiet and empty as expected. In his room, his M Club notes right where he'd left them, though perhaps moved just a little bit. It might have been his imagination. Regardless, he hadn't added anything to them, but neither had he tried to hide them better. Would he change his mind after he wrote their next chapter?
Just thinking about it got him aroused. Would he behave differently with the club if he knew he would write an honest recap, knowing his mom might be waiting anxiously to read all about it? There's no way it wouldn't cross his mind while he was stroking himself off in front of Denby, or ejaculating on Lisa's bare tits. He'd even briefly considered writing an entry about watching his mom masturbate, as a way of telling her he had observed, but he'd been tired and ultimately decided it wasn't an M Club event.
With a full day's perspective on that shocking event, Sean found himself considerably more relaxed. He was beginning to think his mom just had some very strong exhibitionist and voyeuristic tendencies, much like Lisa and, to a lesser extent, Denby. He knew how arousing it was to watch another masturbating. Was there much difference between doing it openly or in secret? Even just reading about it was no doubt voyeuristic.
All this puzzling out of motives led him to wonder if his mom secretly wanted to watch -- either him or the entire club. Sean found himself somewhere between mortified and aroused at the notion. He didn't think he could perform in front of her. That would just be too...weird. But what if he didn't know for sure she was there? What if she might be watching, but he couldn't tell? Like what she'd done yesterday with the cracked door? Had she both been giving him a show and showing him the way to reciprocate?
Sean had to adjust his shorts to accommodate his erection. Clearly, some part of his subconscious found the whole notion arousing. But it was one thing to know she'd read about it and quite another to actually do it knowing she might see.
He thought he might be able to do it -- jerk off with his door slightly cracked, right when he knew she'd be getting home. She had told him when that would be. Was that merely coincidence? Nothing seemed like a coincidence any longer, but perhaps his imagination was creating links that simply didn't exist. If he was jerking off when she could see him and everything else had been a mere coincidence, it could be bad. He'd certainly be horribly embarrassed.
What had his mom said last night over dinner? Live outside your comfort zone. Try something new. Maybe she was talking about herself as much as him.
Then he wondered about his dad. Did he know any of this? Would his mom say anything or just keep it to herself? It probably depended on how close they were about this sort of thing and whether she thought he'd be okay with it. Sean's gut told him that she hadn't said anything. He couldn't quite say why he felt that, but it was all speculation anyway.
Sean pulled out his homework, but it sat untouched on his desk amid his chaotic mind. He went to the bathroom and then swung by the kitchen for a drink and snack. Still, he couldn't focus enough to study.
A glance at his phone showed him it was 3:55. His mom could be home at any time. Would he? Could he? Is that what she wanted or hoped to find?
Fuck it, he thought. Be daring. Be bold. He'd stepped outside his comfort zone with the girls and that had turned into something wonderful. Granted, he wasn't looking for anything like that with his mom, but if this did turn out okay, perhaps it would forge a bond and trust deeper than what they already enjoyed. That did have a certain appeal, strange as it seemed.
He stepped into the hall and pulled his door back until it was cracked just enough that he had a view of his bed. Returning to his room, he closed the door to the same position. He laid back on his bed and looked toward the door. The crack was too narrow to see anything in the dim hallway beyond. He wasn't sure he'd even be able to make out a shadow of someone standing there. To his mind, that was perfect. He didn't want to know, or be tempted to look.
Nervous, he unzipped his shorts and slid his underwear down just enough to free his cock. He was only slight aroused, but knew it wouldn't take much to get himself going. Was he really going to go through with this?
He began stroking, slow tugs sufficient only to get his cock fully erect. After having been fixated on sex and half-aroused all day, he desperately needed the release. He was quick to respond and his imagination quickly darted between all his usual fantasies...and the new.
His heart leaped when he heard the kitchen door open and close. He had time to change his mind -- either put his cock away or close the door. He did neither. Despite the nerves, he kept stroking and somehow didn't lose his erection.
Often, his mom would call for him or his brother when arriving home -- either to see if they were there or just to say hi and catch up on the day. Today there was only silence. He stroked quietly, ears perked to any sound, and he thought he heard soft footsteps on the carpeted stairs. This was it, she would reach the hall and pass his door in mere moments, and he had only seconds left to back out. He closed his eyes, focused entirely on the faintest of background sounds from the house, and rubbed his cock.
Sean's hand was practically shaking, but he managed to maintain a smooth, slow pace. He held his cock such that it pointed straight at the ceiling. If she was watching, and he was almost certain she was despite no sound one way or the other since those soft footfalls, there was no way she couldn't see him fully exposed. Was this what she wanted? Was she turned on or off? Would she barge in angrily, secretly play with herself, or just watch quietly, the secret voyeur?
Sean, unable to focus on a mental picture of Denby or Lisa, instead imagined his mom in the hallway watching. He pumped his cock like he often did for the girls, with the intent of maximizing visibility and showmanship. He imagined his mom peeling down her yoga shorts, revealing that smooth pussy, rubbing herself quietly as she watched on.
He was as hard as he'd ever been and knew his pent-up orgasm wouldn't wait long. Reaching down, he cupped his balls with his free hand and moaned softly as he massaged them. What would she think of that? Might she reach up underneath her bra and pinch a nipple? Or slide her fingers deep into her pussy, finding it sopping wet?
Through slit eyelids, Sean took a quick peek at the door. It remained cracked just as he'd left it and it was impossible to tell if anyone was beyond. The situation was perfect -- he could both pretend she was watching while being able to plausibly deny knowing for certain.
As expected, his orgasm was quick in arriving. He was tempted to ease off his pace and edge for a while, but he was so close to the cliff that he didn't think he'd be able to hold on any longer. Giving in, he upped his pace, added a little additional pressure, and rode a powerful jolt. Hot semen spurted up and landed across his hand and stomach, each punctuated with a short gasp. Even as the peak faded, he continued to stroke, smearing the viscous liquid into his skin and short-trimmed pubes. It was only then that he realized his mom, if watching, would know he kept things groomed down there. What would she think of that?
The relief was immense and gratifying. He'd pushed his comfort zone and so far it had been a pleasant experience. He didn't know what would come next. If nothing, he was okay with that. There would be an understanding between them, even if it remained unspoken.
He reached for a tissue from his nightstand and began to wipe up. Even as he did so, he was almost certain he heard a soft click from the hallway. Unhurriedly, he finished, dressed, tossed the tissue away, and peered out into the hallway. The door to his parents' room was now closed, where it had been wide open before. He smiled and returned to his desk, ready to get studying.
* * *
Before dinner and shortly before his brother and dad were expected home, Sean ventured down to the kitchen. He was nervous to face his mom, but far less so than he had been the previous day. There was no sense in putting off the inevitable.
"Hey mom," he said as he opened the fridge and grabbed a soda. She was cutting vegetables at the counter, dressed less provocatively than before in loose athletic shorts and a t-shirt. Her hair was damp and combed back. "How was class?"
"Good," she said, turning and giving him a warm smile before returning to her work. "Worked my legs over pretty well today. Might have to hit your father up for a massage tonight."
Sean had a pretty good feeling where that would lead, given the sounds coming from their room the last couple nights.
"How was school?"
"Uneventful," he said. "Got my paper turned in, so that's good. Just studying for my test now."
"Ready?"
"Just about." Sean took a pull from his drink while openly admiring his mom's backside, particularly her shapely legs. Exercise agreed with her.
"Oh, I mentioned the yoga thing to Den. She's up for it."
His mom turned again and her smile was even bigger. "Does that mean both of you?"
"Yup."
"I hope it's because you want to and not just because she's coming."
"Yes, I do actually kinda enjoy it."
Mom nodded and resumed chopping. "I'm glad to hear that. But even if it was just for her, there's nothing wrong with that. It's a sign of maturity, doing things for and with your partner. I'm sure it won't go unrewarded."
Sean cocked his head. Mature? Partner? Reward? He'd heard her use the "mature" label with him before, usually when trying to use his behavior as an example to his brother. He'd never heard her use "partner" when referring to Denby or any other girlfriend before, though, and he was well aware of the sexual connotations. Was she basically telling him what to do to get into his girlfriend's pants?
"Okay," he said, unsure how else to respond. "I'll keep that in mind."
"I'm sure you will. And I don't need to remind you how to behave. Haven't for a long time. Myself, on the other hand..."
Sean felt a flutter in his stomach. Was she going to bring things out into the open? He wasn't sure he wanted to face that.
She set down the knife and turned to fully face him. Her expression was soft and slightly chagrined.
"What?" he said, his voice cracking.
Mom took a deep breath, looking as nervous as he'd ever seen her. "Sometimes I'm a little nosey. Too nosey. And sometimes I really screw up."
It was an apology for looking at his book. He could only imagine how difficult it was for her, even if she hadn't come and spelled it out. He just nodded, keeping his expression even.
Her voice almost shaking, she said, "I violated your privacy and I'm so sorry for that. It was stupid. I was stupid. And I swear it'll never happen again."
She had only apologized to him once before in his life on anything like this level, when she forgot to pick him up from an out-of-town game as a high school freshman. This sounded as sincere as possible and he completely believed her.
He nodded. "It's okay."
She shook her head. "No, it's not, but thanks for saying so."
Sean had a flash of insight. Had her masturbating for him been a form of atonement, a chance for him to get even? And, if so, had his performance in return been the entirely wrong signal to send back to her. He felt his cheeks warm at the thought.
He steadied himself and gave her a little shrug. "Well, thanks for not making a big deal of...it."
Mom suddenly looked as embarrassed as he felt. "As far as I'm concerned, there's nothing to get upset over except my behavior."
Sean nodded.
"We good?" she asked.
Sean smiled. "Yeah. We're good."
She stepped forward and gave him a quick hug. He wrapped his arms around her, painfully aware of how this hug felt different than all the previous ones. She held him for just a moment, though, then retreated to the counter.
"And for the record," she said, "we don't need to make a habit of...anything. Not everyone is as open-minded and it would only take one slip-up."
Sean nodded, blushing in full. The twinkle in her eye told him all he needed to know, though. She'd enjoyed the hell out of it -- showing, watching, or both. And she hadn't exactly said never again...
"Understood."
She winked. "Now, could you please get the table set?"