Chapter 3 - Cartagena, Colombia
Cartagena was my first trip for the Near Horizon, and it felt like finally coming up for air after two years. Having spent so long locked down, trapped in Toronto, to be back doing what I really loved was incredible, and I tried to savour every second of it from the moment the plane door opened. It helped that in the days that had followed my encounter with Cassie, Harvey had been distinctly quiet, letting me shift thoughts of romance, and the dim awareness of her presence, into the back of my mind in favour of my excitement to be travelling again. The one remaining, but welcome, reminder of the oddness I'd found myself in the middle of was Dani, and the ongoing sexting we were still indulging in daily.
The city itself dates back to the 1500s, having sprawled out to be home to almost a million people since then, but with the picturesque cobbled streets of the old spanish port still perched on the edge of the Caribbean alongside pristine beaches. Despite being the middle of the Colombian winter, January was still the high season for tourists, escaping from North America to where the temperatures remained warm and the sky was as azure as my hair. I've always preferred to try and get to places when the crowds aren't there to make my job easier. It's that much harder to sell a sense of place when you have people who look just like me in the back of the shot, but it's nothing I don't know how to work around, and I found myself venturing out at 5am in the mornings to have the sights to myself. And even in the half-light the colours of the city were vivid enough to leave Canada feeling like a washed out dream.
I had a little over three weeks to play with, and with that much time to play with I've always liked to take the first couple of days wandering, scouting out the location and capturing anything that catches my eye. As well as occasionally paying off with some good shots, I find it helps me really start planning out where I want to go back to and take my time to get the perfect shot. And so I ended up wandering the streets of the Old Town with nothing but my favourite 35mm lens, drinking in the heat and the colonial architecture, laid out like a mosaic in brightly painted pastels. I lingered where the locals were, walked in the opposite direction to crowds, hopped buses, and blew the ring rust off my Spanish to talk with anyone who'd listen. And by the end of the second day I'd already added several dozen pages of annotations and sketches to my notebook, doodling out composition ideas and referencing them against recommendations, weather forecasts and tide times. Which meant that by the third day, with my excitement to start working in earnest palpable, I was ready to meet with my fixer.
A good fixer is one of the profession's secret weapons, having someone local who can help you access the places tourists aren't allowed, or arrange for the extra little touches you need to sell a shot. I'd asked around several of my contacts before leaving, and had been given the name of a woman called Luisa who came with the most glowing recommendation possible from another freelancer I'd worked with at NatGeo. She'd warned me in advance that she was going to be out of the city visiting family for the holidays for the start of my trip, but we'd already ended up with a long string of emails and whatsapp messages discussing exactly which churches and rooftops she was going to be able to get me into alongside promises of home cooked food. I'd even made a vague mention of wanting to set up a shot of some local kids playing street soccer with the 400 year old cathedral in the background, and she'd quickly agreed to rope her nephews to help.
With everything she was already promising to do for me, I'd insisted she didn't make the trip out to where my hotel was on a strip of sleek, american developed resort next to one of the beaches, away from where I actually wanted to be. Instead I found myself heading to her place just outside the Old Town as sunlight started to stir fully. The address I'd be given was in the Getsemani neighbourhood, where 20th century apartments did their best to blend in with narrow rows of characterful yet grubby colonial buildings, contemporary street art set alongside fading facades and chipped plaster. I found Luisa's door on an old two storey apartment, watched by a disinterested cat from a balcony clustered with pot plants, and as I rang the doorbell was met by a handful of curses from the other side.
"Ay, mierda!"
A few moments later and the door swung open, giving me my first glimpse of my new guide, who very much wasn't ready for me. Luisa still had her toothbrush in her mouth, a mane of dark frizzy hair still very much untamed from bed. She had to be in her early 40s, but was casually gorgeous in a way that made me feel plain, even in the casual slip of a white vest that I had to guess she'd slept in. Her bottom had already been covered, at least, with a brightly patterned skirt that I'd quickly come to appreciate for how it showed off her long, incredible legs as she walked, while her right arm was equally colourful, patterned with a haphazard patchwork of tattoos. The ink was complimented by a slender silver ring to one side of her nose, but it was the faint outline of piercings poking through her shirt and the generous press of her cleavage that really left me struggling not to look.
"Sorry, you must be Riley," she mumbled, accented, apologetic English made more difficult by the toothbrush in her mouth, before holding up her hand with fingers spread. "Five minutes."
I responded in Spanish with an apology of my own, "Now, I'm sorry, I forgot I was on latin time now." I'm the sort of person who's painfully punctual, and it can be an adjustment to remember when I'm in parts of the world that run at their own pace, with a 6am meet up really meaning some time after half past. "I can come back?"
Luisa wandered back into the small, open plan apartment as I spoke, most of the space filled with a clutter of books, clothing and houseplants, the decor a busy clash of red painted walls and warm fabrics. Still visible from the doorway as she reached the kitchen sink to swill away the toothpaste, she waved a hand as she did so, summoning me inside.
"Don't be silly," she chided. "How do you take your coffee, Hermosa?"
The term was just one of flirty endearment, with easy familiarity, but hearing it from Luisa it made my stomach do a brief little flip as I quickly crushed on her. I'm sure I must have replied, since she moved to use the coffee machine on the counter, but in the moment my attention was taken up by Harvey choosing to speak up again after a week of silence.
'You know your mouth's open right? You're *really* not subtle when you like someone are you?'
'Would you shut the hell up,'I shot back mentally in protest, although the embarrassment that went with the thought was loud enough that any denial would have rung truly hollow. It had been a long enough time since my first experience speaking with Harvey that it all felt a little alien having her voice in my head again, and I had to check to make sure I hadn't blurted out my response out loud. Luisa however, to my relief continued to busy herself fetching mugs. At least until I felt a small tug of magic in her direction, from the bracelet at my wrist, as if Harvey were tentatively testing the waters. In response the older woman absently glanced back over her shoulder at me, smiling.
"You can sit down, you know," she said, her Spanish much prettier than my own.
For the second time, I'm sure I must have replied to her, but I was too busy bickering with Harvey to hear what my own words were. I did manage to find a chair however, moving aside several well-worn paperbacks on European history so I could sit.
'What are you doing,'I hissed in my own head.
The reply, spoken directly into my thoughts, was filled with its own dry amusement. "Come on, you don't need me to answer that for you. You like her, what do you think I'm doing?"
'I'm here for work, I can't just...'I started out insistent, but trailed off as I tried not to let Harvey hear whatever thoughts might have finished that sentence.
'Right, of course not, that would just be impossible. Look Riley, I've tried to take a light touch for the last few days for you, I didn't see anyone I was sure you were going to be into so I didn't steer anyone your way, but I've still got a job to do. You can either be honest about the women you are into, and trust me, I don't need to be in your head to know that here, or we can start being a little more indiscriminate. Your call.'
I grabbed for another objection.'She's at least 10 years older than me.'
'You do realise I can tell how little you care about that right now, right?'
Luisa made her way over, passing me my coffee, regarding me with a look of curiosity behind the brown of her eyes, evidently picking up that my thoughts were wandering. "So do you just not say much or has the mess stunned you into silence?"
"No, sorry, definitely not that. I'm just tired," I half-lied, trying to shut Harvey back out. "I had a late night."
The hispanic woman grinned in response, no doubt left with images of me enjoying one of the local bars rather than editing photos in my hotel room until 1am. I watched as she wandered across to where clothes stood drying on a rack near a window and paused to assess her options.
"I hope Cartagena's making a good impression so far?"
"Yes, it's been..."
I started to reply, but felt the words dry up in my mouth as rather than take her clothing to change elsewhere, Luisa simply shrugged her vest off in front of me. I had already got the sense that she was wonderfully casual, but hadn't expected for it to stretch quite so far so quickly, and I was left caught between deciding if looking away or simply just looking was going to be more obvious. I opted to try and be nonchalant, and was treated to a view of her generous chest as she collected a bra from the rack, a pair of silver barbells confidently piercing each of her dark nipples. She caught my eye as she did so and smiled again, leaving me unsure of just how knowing the display was.
"You have an idea of what pictures you want us to take at least," she asked, slipping on a loose fitting shirt as if the situation were the most natural in the world.
Gratefully, I took the opportunity to reach for my bag and used the seconds it took to fetch my notebook to avoid looking too much like a wide-eyed teenager in front of the older woman. "You could say that," I said, holding up several pages to show her. "Your city is a creative's dream come true."
"I prefer history personally, but you won't find me arguing with you."
Luisa, still fastening the final buttons on her shirt, wandered towards me to look closer. I watched her perch on the arm of my chair, and as she reached out to take the notepad from me I felt another encouraging little pull from Harvey, causing her fingers to brush against my own.
'Ok, I give in, you win. but can you pleeease, stop,'I mentally begged Harvey.'Let me do this at my own pace at least.'
The bracelet gave another of its odd, mental sighs, relenting with no small amount of exasperation.'Have it your way. This is much easier when you just trust I know what I'm doing, but if you want some extra rope to hang yourself with who am I to stop you.'
I bristled back, but already knew not to push my luck or chance protesting further and waited as the taut pull of the bracelet's magic eased, allowing Luisa's attention on my notes to go unchallenged. Plush lips curved into a smile as she thumbed through the pages, and for a moment I struggled with myself rather than Harvey, knowing that I could simply lean up and kiss them if I wanted, a large part of me wanting to throw caution and any professional worries to the warm Caribbean wind.
Fortunately for the photographer in me, Luisa's own enthusiasm for my plans was easy to get caught back up in, and we spent a short while going through several of my ideas. I loved how readily she challenged things. She was quick to point out things I may have overlooked, or to offer alternative ways to approach some of the shots I wanted, be it a subtle difference to framing she knew she could help arrange, or knowing better locations across town to try instead. The only outright refusal to help me came towards the end, as she studied the list of the trips out of the city I wanted to take.
"Mmm. I don't think I'm the right person to help you with this one. Can it wait until nearer to the end of your stay," she asked, trailing a finger down to one neatly written bullet point where I had simply written 'El Totumo' alongside some possible dates and times.
My heart sank a little. El Totumo was the name of a nearby mud volcano, a fifteen metre high mound of dusty earth, with a crater at the centre where warm mud bubbled up for visitors to bathe in. Yes it was the sort of tourist trap that was in most of the guidebooks already, but it was also somewhere I was convinced I could get something far better than the average instagram shot, and that challenge alone had put it towards the top of my list.
"It can wait, but I really was hoping to make sure I got some good pictures there."
Luisa gave a husky chuckle as she noticed my disappointment. "Ah, no no no. I only meant that my daughter is much more familiar with that area than I am. She was planning to be back from university in a couple of weeks and could probably be convinced to take you there instead."
My attention strayed back towards a framed picture I'd only half taken in amidst the busyness of the apartment's clutter, set on a nearby coffee table and half obscured by another book. It was of Luisa, and a pretty young college aged girl that I could have tried kidding myself was a niece until she confirmed she had a kid. They were strikingly similar, apart from the wide framed glasses her daughter was wearing, with their arms around each other's shoulders as they posed on a beach somewhere.
"Oh, right, I don't know why I didn't realise you had a kid. She looks sweet, I'd be ok with that if she is."
I was quick to agree outwardly, but in my head the realisation still wrong footed me for some reason. I'd never had reason to put 'no moms' on my list of dating rules but I still found myself doing what I always did, letting little doubts creep in, second guessing myself at the first sign of any little wrinkle.
Harvey was quick to pick up on my hesitation.'Riley, I swear, if I had legs I would kick you.'
Oblivious to the voice in my head, Luisa gave another laugh. "Gabi, sweet? Only ever when she wants to be. She's a handful, but I think you'll like her."
"It's just you and her?"
Luisa nodded. "My mama helps. And Gabi still speaks to her father, he's always been good. But I managed to wait until after I'd had her, and dropped out of college, before I realised I wasn't made for dating guys." She spoke with a practised casualness that suggested she was used to the question, without ever really having worked out if it was the best or worst mistake she had ever made. Quickly however, she tried to brush the candour aside for flirting. "God only knows how it took me so long with so many pretty American tourist's around."
Our eyes met, and she smiled at me, the joke exactly the sort of test of interest I was used to making. I grinned back, teasing my recognition of her interest.
"A tragedy that I'm Canadian then." Again, it took effort to not simply kiss her there and then, but I made the effort to gather up my camera bag. Not flirting further was beyond me though. "And that I'm here to work. I suppose you'll just have to put up with showing me around all day?"
"You mean you'll have to tolerate me talking at you all day, no?"
There were definitely worse fates to be cursed with.
She studied my notepad entries again as I rose, more critically this time. "You will want to leave Santo Toribo church until Sunday, when people are dressed up to go to mass. And this plaza has a market tomorrow if you want to wait for it. But I have a few places I think you might have missed, if you'd like me to show you?"
"It sounds like I'd be an idiot not to let you."
"Perfect," Luisa beamed, closing my notebook decisively. She headed for the door and waited for me there with an offered arm. "In which case, I'm all yours Hermosa."
******
The day we spent around the Old Town was effortless, feeling more like a date than working, and I found myself finding excuses to try and work the Columbian woman into my shots. It helped that she was effortlessly photogenic, giving things exactly the wide apertured sense of time and place I was looking for every time I pointed the camera in her direction. What really struck me however was how frighteningly smart Luisa was. It turned out she had been studying history, wanting to eventually move to the US to do a masters, when she'd become pregnant. Instead she'd found herself working odd jobs, but never stopped reading and studying for her own sake, and had managed to turn that knowledge into her own business as a private tour guide until Covid had derailed that for her too. She was a world away from the cliche of fiery latinas, easy going and astute, and by the time we stopped for dinner I was convinced there wasn't a single brick or cobble in the city she didn't know the exact story of.
Luisa insisted on picking where we had dinner, and I insisted on paying. The small restaurant we ended up at a few blocks from her apartment had seen better days, with locals eating outside on worn chairs, and yet it served something called Arroz de Mariscos which ended up being some of the best seafood I've had in my life. Luisa took every embarrassingly approving noise I made as I ate a personal victory and, despite the early start, we lingered for hours after sunset, sipping wine and talking. She was ridiculously easy company, someone I was simply happy to listen to as she expounded on literature and politics and life. And by the time she gently suggested we headed back to her place I barely even needed the encouraging shove Harvey gave us both.
"We've had a good day, no," she said, kicking off her shoes as we returned to the homey clutter and warm yellow light of her apartment. "But you've one more thing to try before you canreallysay you've experienced Cartagena."
"And I assume you're about to show me?"
I watched as she made her way to the small kitchen again, admiring her ass as she stretched up to reach into a cupboard. The bottle of ominously clear spirits she produced was already half empty, the name '1000 Demons' printed on it in Spanish."
"Aguardiente, brewed locally. This is the really good stuff."
I knew enough to know that it was Colombian liquor brewed from sugar cane, and was strong enough to justify the mischief in the older woman's eyes. I laughed. "Fuck, Luisa, you're going to get me..." We'd been talking Spanish all day, but the appropriate word for blackout drunk escaped me in the moment, leaving me to go back to what my Canadian-English knew. "Very very hosed."
"A big brave girl like you? You can handle a shot or two."
"We have more work to do tomorrow," I protested, although the effort was meek and mostly for appearances to myself.
"And I remember someone telling me over dinner how quickly I was helping you to get through things." Luisa had me there, I had spent an overly long amount of dinner enthusing about how well everything had been going. "You want to know what authentic is so you can capture it. Live a little for me, Hermosa." She'd been calling me 'beautiful' all day, and, as she drawled out each syllable, it seemed she'd already worked out just how much I enjoyed it. She absolutely knew I couldn't say no to her.
"Fine. Fine" Holds up a finger. "One shot."
There was another, telling stir of the silver bracelet on my wrist, as Harvey saw her moment, and shoved the mood past the point of no return. Apparently I'd dallied enough. Luisa's look turned provocative, and she paced slowly across the room, reclining back onto the couch before beckoning for me to join her.
"Why don't I show you how I used to do this with my girlfriends back in college then?"
My heart leapt as she began to peel away her shirt, not the casual, offhand nudity she allowed me to glimpse earlier, but this time demanding my attention on the olive skin she splayed out across the seat. The bra I had watched her pick out earlier remained on, denying me the full view I wanted, but at least consoling me with the sight of her wonderfully generous cleavage as she lay back further, opening the bottle and pouring a small amount into the curve of her navel. She invited me forward and I found myself glad to be giving in to the inevitable. Luisa was incredible, and I'd have struggled to keep my senses with or without magic. Obliging her, I slipped down to kneel between her legs and lapped the aguardiente up with a single long stroke of my tongue.
I'm not normally one for hard liquor, but the taste of aniseed and fruit splashed across dark skin was divine and my lips pressed eagerly to her stomach to make sure I got every lingering drop. The Colombian woman made a noise somewhere between a chuckle and a moan, throaty and pleased, and dripped more of the alcohol out onto her chest, leaving it to trail down between her tits to where I eagerly waited below.
"Mmm, I thought you only wanted one shot?"
"I think you've won me over to the idea."
Luisa eased her ass up off the cushion it rested on, and I helped her slide her skirt and panties down, planting a kiss upon a shapely leg as I did. The next playful stream of aguardiente was more generous. Clear liquid drizzled down to where her thighs met, beaded on trimmed dark hairs, and I claimed it off her folds, mixed with the lush taste of her own damp arousal. I only stopped once she'd allowed me a mouthful, but I didn't swallow. Instead, I pressed body up hers, worked my arms about her shoulders, and pressed my lips to hers, passing it back to her with a sloppy kiss that left some of the drink dribbled unseemly across my chin.
We rested our foreheads against each other, and this time we both found ourselves giving a small laugh. It only lasted a moment however, before the need to keep kissing became too much for her, and small, affectionate pecks stretched out open mouthed, her tongue against mine. She nipped teeth at my lower lip, and I worked my hand up inside her bra to find the piercings which I'd been doing my best not to distract myself with thoughts of all day. Luisa responded to my attention with a delighted intake of breath, and reached back to unhook the last shred of clothing she was wearing.
"You really like those, don't you?"
Like was an understatement. Her chest was incredible, still firm and just slightly too large for me to palm with one hand, and the sight of silvery barbells through stiff nipples gratified me enormously as I teased and groped. I nodded in confirmation, only for Luisa to push me back slightly.
"As much as I'm enjoying that, it's a little unfair that I'm the only one undressed, no," Luisa asked, eyes full of need as she held my gaze. She was right, and I began to hurry out of my own shirt, but she caught my hand gently as I did. "Slowly. For me, please. This isn't the sort of thing I normally do but I knew I wanted to see you undress for me from the first minute I saw you."
I replied with my best, sultry, "si senora," and obliged her. I'm far from the best at being seductive, but god, if the way she looked at me as I slowly stripped in her lap didn't make me feel like I was. She cupped my pert tits as soon as they came into view, leaving them slick with her mouth, and pulled a greedy little moan from me as she massaged my cunt with her fingers. We made out again for a while, me straddling her, exploring each other's bodies with our hands, until Luisa broke the spell by slipping out from underneath me.
"Go nowhere," she instructed, pausing only to take a neat swig from the bottle before disappearing towards what I had to assume was the bedroom. When she returned moments later it was with the thickened, elongated shape of an electric pink vibrator, accompanied by a wicked smirk.
Some of my memories of the evening are fuzzy, lost in a haze of aniseed liqueur and the buzz of her toy against my clit. I don't quite remember how I got there, but I definitely ended up laying back on the couch, tangled up with half beside, half beneath me. What remains vivid was how Luisa's arms wrapped around me as we continued to kiss, one hand wandering to tease my nipples or cup my face. The other worked the vibrator, reducing my nethers to a sodden, sensitive mess. She edged me with it, experienced enough to build me towards a peak, only to shift the toy away. Each denied wave left me shaking harder, my cries more desperate, but that only seemed to add to the gratification we both felt. I was hers to do whatever she wanted with, and I got just as drunk off the power I let her hold over me as I did the aguardiente.
When she finally let me have release, it was with her words caramel rich in my ears.
"That's it. Good girl. Sing for me Hermosa."
I adored her calling me that, and she took the gasping moan I gave as encouragement to keep using it, whispering it over and over between kisses as she thrummed me to climax.
"Hermosa. Hermosa. Hermosa."
It was a short while before I could bear to open my eyes again or before the orgasmic haze settled and let me have my breath back. When it did however I was quick to take the toy from Luisa, repositioning myself to lower my head back down between her legs in an attempt to return the favour, the fruity trace of the alcohol still lingering on her pussy. I wanted to take my time for her. But my focus was challenged minutes later as her hands found my hips, and repositioned my own crotch so that she could taste me in kind. I had the benefit of the toy to help me, but I was still so very sensitive from cumming, and every one of her licks left me trembling.
Luisa would later tell me she had her first orgasm while we were like that, telling me that she was already horny enough to cum almost as soon as I touched her. The moment escaped me at the time however, and my attention was made to waver even further as she decided to let her tongue stray and give a testing lick across the rosebud of my rear. The sensation was unexpected, not just that she did it, but also because of how temptingly good it felt, and a tensed for a moment, self conscious at the contact. My list of self imposed rules didn't just cover who I slept with, but how I slept with them. Nothing public, no lifestyle shit, and definitely nothing in my ass. I'd told myself for years I knew what I wanted, bullheaded in what I didn't.
"Fuck. Luisa, no, I..." I started to object, in English, but another flicker of her tongue caused my pussy to twitch and my denial to sound far from convincing. Even so I tried again, attempting to convince myself to dig my heels in. "I don't...I'm not into that..."
I used to be so stubborn. God knows why. Any little challenge to how I perceived I did things caused me to push back reflexively. And yet the little lines I thought I'd drawn myself suddenly felt a lot less solid than they had a few weeks earlier. In another situation I might have said no, but I challenge anyone to have said no to Luisa without thinking twice.
"Please Hermosa," she said between delicate, testing little licks. "I want to know I've had every single part of you." I hesitated and a finger joined her tongue, teasing a circle around my rim.
"Oh fuck..."
Her other hand strummed at my clit, just the perfect amount of pressure to make me feel dizzy with the thrill, as she peppered attention on my asshole, waiting for a firm denial that I wasn't able to find.
"Oh fuck."
Luisa sank her digits into my cunt, two fingers gliding in effortlessly. She pumped against me, found the right angle to make me moan helplessly with each stroke. And then joined them with a thumb at my rear, left slippery by my juices and eased with just enough pressure to find its way inside.
"Ohfuuuuck!"
I found myself tensing up, but as I managed to relax, immediate discomfort subsided, washed away by a sense of pleasure that snuck up unexpectedly on me. I squirmed, and she took her time, gently letting me adjust to the unusual fullness, but as she began to find her rhythm it was all I could do to prop myself up on my forearms and try not to come apart. She punctuated things with licks again and my mind reeled. It wasn't the simple physical sensations that I realised I was enjoying, but the gratifying, taboo breaking haze I found myself in. There I was, having my asshole claimed by a woman I'd only met that day, getting off on my own sense of liberated perversion, shattering one of the rules I defined myself by. I felt like a total slut.
And I fucking loved it.
We managed to wring out another couple of climaxes each before collapsing, worn, and very satisfied, onto each other, sprawled across the couch. I hadn't actually come with my ass, despite Luisa's efforts, but the feeling of her there had helped to spur on the pair that my pussy had tumbled heavily into. I rested against her, eyes closed, thoughts dreamlike. Or at least I did until she spoke, her voice low and content, even as the words dragged me back to the bizarre reality I'd found myself in.
"Si im honesto," she started. The Spanish version of the increasingly familiar phrase sounded unusual, but held no less of the strange weight that its English counterpart had done each time. "If I'm honest, I think we both know I'm not going to leave my life here to follow you around the world, no more than you're going to leave your life and stay here with me. But I've loved this for what it is, and I'd like to keep doing it while you're here in the city."
I already knew that she was going to say something like that. I'd felt the same way, and yet I'd let myself happily stumble into things with her regardless. What did catch me off guard was the realisation that as much as Cassie had left me aware of how lonely and unsatisfied I was, Luisa filled me with the feeling of something I wanted to chase. To spend time in someone's company so easily, to have my boundaries pushed and my expectations upended. We both understood this was a fling, but I definitely wasn't ready to say goodbye to it yet either.
I let myself, briefly, think a little too loudly that Harvey was right about me not being honest with myself, and I knew that if the bracelet had a face it would be smirking back at me.
Luisa saw me briefly lost in my thoughts, and kissed me, tenderly. "Of course, that's if you want to?"
"You know, I think I can manage to fit a little more of this in around work," I joked in reply, before my own kiss and idle grope of one of her piercings was interrupted by the chime of a phone notification from the pocket of my pants. I reached down, finding a message from Dani waiting for me. I'd been giving the newsreader tempting little updates throughout the day, surprised at how keen she was to hear about a potential liaison with a beautiful South American stranger.
"Important," Luisa asked.
"No, just a girl from back home I've been messaging. It's nothing serious, but I told her I might be getting lucky tonight and she wants details on how it went."
Luisa sat up, leaning over to look at my screen, her curiosity titillated and I quickly searched for a decent image of Dani to share, rather than anything that would feel like a breach of confidence to show without permission. I found one of her in a blazer, ready to go on air, and passed it over for my latest lover to see, eliciting an impressed whistle.
"God, you don't settle for second rate do you? She's gorgeous. What's her name?"
"Danielle. Dani."
If I was worried about how Luisa might react, I needn't have been. Another spark of mischief danced across the Columbian woman's face, and she leaned back on the couch, and pulled me to join her. Holding the phone out at arm's length, she opened up the camera, making sure to get as much of our bodies in frame as possible before hitting record.
"Hola Dani," she cooed in English while posing shamelessly for the video. "I understand you wanted to know how your little Hermosa's evening went. I hope you don't mind that it's not just a picture of her you're getting tonight."
Luisa made a show of stroking her free hand up my body, showing me off from my pussy to my chest, before pulling my chin towards her as she ended the recording with a deep kiss. I laughed a little in embarrassment as she finished and waited to see if she should hit reply.
"Too much?" She asked.
I still didn't know Dani that well, but we knew where we stood with each other, a cure for boredom and unfilled gratification. I pictured her receiving the message, and wondered just where she would be when she used it to touch herself, and how quickly I would get to see the results of what it did to her. A month ago, I might have demurred, second guessed the response or been unwilling to do anything quite so bold. But then, if I stopped to look at where I was, I couldn't really argue that a few risks and a little boldness were a bad thing.
"If I'm honest," I replied, taking the phone back to hit send myself. "I think she'll love it."
******
The next few weeks sped by in a blur of work, sex and the Colombian sun. Luisa and I spent the first few days in and around the city itself, where she made good on her claims that she could help me get shots I wanted both faster and better than I'd hoped. She even, somehow, got me access to the tower of the Basilica Santa Catalina de Alejandría, the city's famous cathedral, at sunrise. And the picture I got there of the lonely, early morning square below, full of long shadows, would go on to become one of the most distinctive and widely circulated of the Near Horizon's first year. What I had really been looking forward to came afterwards however, as we escaped Cartagena itself in the rust ridden old chevy she drove, roaming out to the smaller fishing villages and landscapes beyond the tourist trail. I'd made it my mission to not just show the same side of Columbia as everyone else, and it was the sort of exploration and challenge I love as I tried to find the tone I wanted. Not everything I shot worked, but with Luisa as a muse there were far more successes than failures.
But it was the time in between the photography that stands out more, with the pair of us sharing a bed even more enthusiastically than she was sharing her city. I didn't actually return to my hotel after the first night. Instead I found myself at her apartment each evening, fucking into the early hours, and picking back up again in the mornings. It was as if we both knew that what we had wasn't going to last beyond this trip, doing our best to ignore the little personality clashes that would have made anything serious impossible, or how we were at very different stages of our lives. Instead, we settled for making the most of every second we did have. And frankly, when it came to the sex, I couldn't get enough. I was obsessed with her. With the sound of her voice low in my ear and the feeling of her piercings as I rolled my tongue across them. With how she curled her fingers inside my pussy or how she kept toying with my ass, almost relentlessly opening my mind up to just how much I'd been denying myself there.
We were even busy enough, and distracted enough, that I was managing to avoid the now overdue video call with Anton, that Alice had promised me on New Year's Eve. He was the last person to wear the bracelet, with Alice having entered his life with Harvey's help, and he was therefore the potential source of answers as to where the silver artefact had come from. Or what exactly it even was. But while part of me was keen to get those answers, another was scared that whatever came along might hasten the end of things with Luisa. Or throw me back out of my comfort zone just as I'd found a grove I could settle into. Which meant I was kidding myself again, pretending that I just hadn't found a good time yet to pick up my phone.
And so it was late one morning, towards the tail end of my time in the country, that I found myself back in Luisa's living room, doing my best to ignore how much the laid back chaos of her apartment was beginning to stress me out. And that time I didn't even have the benefit of her nudity to casually keep my mind from small annoyances. Her daughter was due back in town, ready to take me in search of mud volcanoes, and that meant I had to get used to Luisa with her top back on.
"Have you seen my spare camera batteries," I asked as she wandered out of the bedroom, my mood left exasperated by the clutter, as I tried to pack up what I needed for the road trip. Normally I'd take my time triple checking something like that the night before, but we had ended up losing track of time, again, going from couch to shower to bedroom as we fucked. The price I was paying now for that wonderfully extended distraction was a low level bubbling anxiety at not being ready. And I was trying not to let it spill over.
I bent over to look under the coffee table as she made her way over, only to feel her hand give my ass a suggestive squeeze from behind.
"Luisa, please," I whined slightly, knowing if she really pushed for more I was going to end up giving it to her. "Gabi's going to be here soon."
I stood back up, batteries unfound, and she met me with a kiss which I lingered in, despite my stress. Luisa then slipped a hand up my top, as she replied making me stifle a moan as my nipple hardened beneath her finger tips.
"We have 30 minutes, still enough time for..."
I did my best to reluctantly cut her off, finishing the sentence for her. "For me to finish getting packed, have my coffee, brush my teeth. Maybe have some breakfast if I'm lucky. And I'm meant to be sending some previews to my editor before we leave too."
She kissed at my neck, and I wrestled with how easy it would be to give in. One more quick spell between her legs before leaving. But the thought of how much more stressed she would be leaving me later just about pressed through enough to stop me.
"You're killing me," I said, gently pushing her away. I was answered with a slight pout, one that attempted to be playful but that I could tell had the stirrings of a slight hurt.
My eyes scanned over her shoulder looking for any more of my remaining gear, but what they fell on definitely wasn't that. There, on the couch, was the black silicone shape of the butt plug she'd attempted to introduce me to the night before. I'd enjoyed the foreplay and the attention she'd used to slowly warm my pucker up to the idea of taking something like that, but I'd ultimately chickened out, still only comfortable with her fingers and tongue. But the toy itself remained sitting there in plain view, next to a half spent tube of lubricating jelly, prompting me to fluster at the thought of her daughter walking in and finding it.
"You might want to tidy up a little."
Luisa followed the direction of my gaze until her eyes also fell on the plug. She laughed, but relented to my embarrassment and it up, bundling it away in the drawer of a nearby cabinet. "Gabriella used to steal my vibrator when she was a little younger, she has caught me with much worse than that."
I remained slightly dubious, even as I saw how relaxed her expression was. "You don't think she's going to mind then? About us?"
"That I've been sleeping with another woman? Hermosa, she has known since she was small which direction my heart looks. And it isn't as if there is anything more to tell her. This is fun. A lot of really, amazing, toe curlingly good fun. But we both know that's all it is. If anything you should be more worried about her making her own moves on you."
I flustered. "Excuse me?"
Luisa, and the smirk she was wearing, disappeared towards the kitchen, leaving me unsure just how much she was fucking with me. Stopping near a fruit bowl she had set out on the counter, she took the time to toss a banana towards me, at least solving the issue of breakfast.
"I already told you she's a handful," the older woman replied. "My girl knows her own mind."
Luisa was much more ready to roll with whatever came her way than I thought I could ever be, and my immediate reaction was to find some way to protest, although at what I wasn't quite sure. The idea that her daughter might potentially have that sort of interest in me rubbed against the narrowness of my sensibilities I guess. Maybe she expected me to brush it off as a joke. But then, I realised that with Harvey around there was a chance I wasn't going to get much of a choice or be allowed to wait behind the neat, self imposed, little lines I drew for myself.
Of course that was the entire damn point.
For a moment that was just long enough to start to feel awkward, I failed to find words to casually banter back and was only rescued by Luisa's discovery of my battery packs, plugged into an outlet on the kitchen counter.
"These are what you were looking for? No?"
I grabbed the bag they belonged in and hurried across the room to fetch them, knowing my packing would at least be somewhere close to complete once they were stowed away. Luisa caught my haste however, and gently caught my arm, forcing me to slow for a beat as she drew me towards her.
"I raised Gabriella to take what she wants out of life. Not to let the world give her 'if' or 'but' for an answer." She punctuated the statement with a final, eager kiss, speaking in a way that left it hard to escape the implication that she thought it was something I needed to do a little more. "I just wish she hadn't taken that lesson quite so close to her heart sometimes."
"I'm more worried about what you want."
Luisa gave a soft, noncommittal shrug that left me no wiser as to what she was actually thinking, leaving things maddeningly vague as she helped me to pack.
I was just barely ready 20 minutes later, bags packed and my stress just about placated, when Gabi imposed herself on the room. Not that she was loud or even particularly intrusive, but the young woman carried herself with the energy of someone entirely sure of the idea that she was the main character in her own story.
"Hola Mama."
The breezy words announced the college girl's presence, as she let herself in with her own key, and immediately owned the room as if it was a stage.
Or maybe, as I thought that, I was simply projecting, as my own interest focused in towards her. Where her mother's charms were casual, worn with an ease that leant to her beauty, Gabi clearly knew and enjoyed how attractive she was. The resemblance between the two of them was striking; the same olive skin and lush features. But Gabi's dark hair was cut stylishly, carefully framing the designer glasses that picked out the brown of her eyes as well as the subtle makeup that accented her lips and cheekbones. And it was just short enough to give her a vague queer energy I was very much into. Even more striking however were the expensive jeans she was wearing, high waisted in a way only gen-z seem to be able to manage, and tight enough to cling to her legs and leaving her pert little rear demanding attention. The outfit was finished off with a loose hanging shirt, open entirely at the front and worn over the top of a tank top that left her midriff exposed.
She flitted towards where her mom was sitting, waiting on the couch and embraced her, before only then dropping the duffle bag that she had slung over her shoulder.
"The laundry at college was broken, I thought maybe you could..."
Luisa sighed, looking down at the bag and realising how her daughter was casually still expecting her to do her chores. She gave Gabi a look that was equal parts affectionate and exasperated, left to roll her eyes as the younger woman kissed her cheek before any objection could come.
"Thank you, love you Mama."
I remained sitting in another of the living room's chairs, across from Luisa, bags ready and doing my best to not seem overly familiar as they chattered briefly about how Gabi's drive, from college in Barranquilla, had been. However when the student's attention strayed towards me, it was with an amused, suspicious look, and a flicker of her gaze back towards her mother.
"So, you're the famous Riley Levesque," she asked, switching to speaking in confident English, sizing me up. Obviously Luisa had done more than just mention me in passing and it was tough to tell if she was working out my dynamic with her mother, or simply appraising me for herself. But any doubt was only left to hang in the air for a couple of seconds before the bracelet stirred. I felt it pulling at her mind, like little hooks latching onto what interest in me would have been there and dragging it unmistakably to the surface, while any little hesitations drowned beneath Harvey's influence. Suddenly the room felt a lot smaller and warmer.
"That's me," I replied, trying to do my best to mentally protest to Harvey as I spoke. "Thanks for agreeing to help me like this. Your mom says you know the best spots to try and get some shots of mud volcanoes."
The thing about having Harvey in your head however is that you can't really fool her, even if you want to try and kid yourself. And for every thought that was saying how she was far too young for me, that I needed a personal rule against this, there were another half dozen stray ones suddenly, eagerly anticipating where things might go, whether I wanted it to or not.
"No-one will make you feel more welcome in Colombia than my Mother," she said, thick with suggestion. "But there are some things even she doesn't know. And she did promise you'd be paying me for my trouble."
Luisa interrupted to joke, "me doing your laundry isn't enough for you?"
We had already discussed price however, knowing that Lydia's expense account would need to cover Gabi's time and fuel costs. And I had already made the point of making sure I had the cash on hand for her, pulling out my wallet to produce a narrow stack of bills.
"300 US a day? Right?"
Gabriella reached out to take them, lingering with the money held between our grasps for a moment as our eyes met, and I saw the fire of provocation and mischief there. "300? It's a start. Anything more than the trip out there is going to cost you extra." She left the statement hanging flirtatiously, as if anything between us was up for grabs, as long as I was willing to negotiate. I knew from Luisa that she had been studying business, but as she held my gaze, waiting for me to blink first, I was already left with the impression that trying to bargain with her was a losing game. One she was oh so eager to let me play.
She grinned at me as I let the cash go, already knowing I wasn't going to be able to resist indulging her, and quickly switched back to talking to her mother. There was something about her that felt a touch reckless to get involved with. Like she would do her best to make sure that any situation I got into with her would always be just beyond my control. I should have blanched, found a way to firmly set expectations, for her and myself. But I knew Harvey probably wasn't about to let me and, more importantly, I realised, for once I didn't want to. She was young, and beautiful and I was finally in a place where I just wanted to see where the bracelet's 'process' would lead me.
'Finally,'I heard Harvey's voice in my mind, dripping with sarcasm.'That only took us a month to get to. We might actually be done this decade at this rate.'
'You know if you want me to go back to being difficult I can.'
Harvey gave a disembodied chuckle.'Sure, if you want to see what it's like when I really push things.'
The tone of Harvey's words gave me the impression she thought that she'd barely flexed what she could do so far, and I shrank away from antagonising her. I let myself remember the sheer, suffocating pressure of the attention she could draw towards me back in New York, and realised how I really didn't want to see her impose herself more than that. I resisted the urge to push back petulantly, and instead I found myself asking a question that sprang into my mind as I watched Gabi telling her mom about how the new semester was going.
'I thought the idea was to find me my perfect match. You do know I'm not about to fall in love with Gabi right?'It was true. I was definitely attracted to her, her appeal different enough to her mom but still ticking enough of the same boxes that had left me fawning over Luisa. But even after a few moments I could tell I probably didn't feel the pull for anything more.
'I do. But if the price of getting you to loosen up and start giving me an idea of what you are interested in is letting you fuck a college girl or two then I'm happy to play along. For now anyway.'
'I don't need to have sex with her to tell you she's too young for me.'
That drew a wave of exasperation, my response leaving Harvey tangibly disappointed.'Is she? Or have you just decided that ahead of time? Come on, I thought we were making progress here, keep an open mind for me. You've been doing a good enough job of that with Luisa.'
I felt an embarrassed flush at what I thought were the implications of the statement, letting my gaze fall upon the drawer that Luisa had hidden the buttplug in.
'I meant with the age gap, but I suppose that counts as being open minded too,'the voice drawled with amusement.
The blush that came across my face was poorly timed, as I realised how close Gabi's ass was to my eyeline as the student batted away concern from her mother about how well she was eating at university. I would have been entertained by the sudden shift Luisa had gone through, from carefree to maternal pestering, only for Gabrielle to turn around and catch my expression. The conclusion for her to make was that the flush at my cheeks was from me checking her out, rather than a voice in my head, and she winked at me knowingly.
'I swear I'm going to throw you in the sea when this is over.'
'It's been tried. You definitely wouldn't like the outcome, so save yourself the agony.'
Gabi's attention however moved to the couple of bags I had sat next to me, including my camera gear.
"You know we need to leave soon if you want to have the most time possible taking pictures."
I couldn't tell how much of the transparent eagerness to leave as soon as she got here was simply her, and how much was the bracelet's influence working in her head, leaving her desperate to get me alone. Neither could I tell if the frown that crept across Luisa's face was because of a reluctance to see me leave, or Gabi.
"You've already been driving for hours to get here," the older woman said. "You should at least rest a little while before going out again."
"Time is money Mama. And your friend here is payingverywell for mine right now." Gabi playfully planted another kiss on her mother's cheek, and I could tell that Luisa was just as powerless to say no to her daughter when she did that, as I was whenever I was called Hermosa. It was obvious Gabi knew it too. The younger woman was all vibrant, uncontainable energy, and grabbed one of my bags before any other protests could slow her from what she wanted to do. "Plus, there's meant to be rain later, you don't want the weather to spoil Riley's trip do you?"
Luisa conceded. "Fine. Fine. But you are staying for dinner tomorrow once you bring her back."
"Of course Mama, for you, anything," Gabi said sweetly, transparent in getting her own way and prompting another roll of Luisa's eyes.
Luisa started to see us towards the door, only to stop us briefly as I stood shoulder to shoulder next to her daughter at the threshold. It was there that she pulled the younger girl in for a final hug before turning to us both to speak. And as she did so it was with a knowing smile, and a pointed glance in my direction.
"Now play nice, and don't do anything I wouldn't."
I watched as she gave Gabi a brief, parting kiss on the cheek, only to be caught off guard by the way Luisa then immediately turned to me. A hand found the front of my shirt and pulled me in as she pressed her lips against my own in a long, deep kiss. I couldn't tell if the display was meant for me, for her daughter, or just for her, but whichever it was, I definitely wasn't about to stop her, letting myself lean back into it after the initial surprise.
"Try not to have too much fun without me"
******
We drove for a couple of hours up Highway 90, a road that had become increasingly familiar to me from my excursions with Luisa, only this time I wasn't in her old Chevy, but her daughter's much newer sedan. Something I hadn't quite figured out how she was able to afford yet. Gabi's hand frequently strayed over to rub the inside of my thigh, even as she watched the road and talked energetically over the top of the pop music coming from her radio. The little tugs Harvey kept giving her were presumably the bracelet's idea of encouragement, or a reward for letting myself go along with things. Not that I was in a mood to complain, and I sat with my legs slightly spread for most of the trip, daring Gabi to caress further.
Given how brashly assured the student was, she was surprisingly good company. She was smart, like her mom, but more restrained in showing it unless I poked and teased to learn how she was on the honour roll at school, or had an internship with Procter and Gamble lined up for the summer in Barranquillo. Instead her focus was on me, and not just in the ways spurred on by Harvey's magic. She did her best to keep me at the centre of the conversation, trying to make me feel like I was the most interesting person in the world, and actually managed to convince me more often than not. It's not exactly hard to fall into enjoying having a gorgeous twenty year old hanging on each of your words. And If I was less cynical I might not have pulled myself out of things quite as often as I did, to poke at the veneer of her intent, or to realise just how practised she was at doing it. I'd have to wait a little longer to get my answer as to why however.
The plan was to arrive at El Totumo itself first, allowing me to take some establishing shots of the famous mud volcano and at least have something to fall back on if Gabi's supposed lead didn't work out. The moment we arrived however everything was met with the faint whiff of disappointment. The volcano mound didn't lend itself to the most attractive of pictures, little more than a pile of brown-grey dirt that struggled to be photogenic even with the nearby lake framing it in the background. And it was quickly apparent that any attempt I might make to find interesting compositions would be spoiled by the presence of the shrill western backpackers peppering the area. We stayed for half an hour, before getting back in the car, only Gabi keeping me from becoming sullen. It was a pleasant change to have something to care about other than what was on the other side of my viewfinder.
Instead, Gabi drove us on back roads and tracks, winding our way up the green slopes of one of the nearby valleys. Despite only travelling half an hour more, it felt like we'd slipped into another world than the one we were on at the highway, like I was being shown something illicit and hidden. It did cross my mind that she was simply trying to find somewhere secluded to pull over and jump on me, but we both managed to behave ourselves long enough to keep going, eventually pulling over at the side of the road at the head of an unmarked path. There, we made our way downhill, walking a short distance across a cattle field framed by a rough wooden fence, towards where a narrow river snaked its way coastwards across the patchy green terrain. The trees were sparse, just frequent enough to provide the perfect little accents to the scene, and the valley's bovine residents regarded us with indifference as Gabi took my hand and hurried me across the last stretch towards our destination.
I almost missed it at first. The small crater where the warm, grey mud fractured up from inside the earth was only a few feet across, barely larger than a hot tub, and I initially mistook it for just another swell in the landscape. It was almost non-descript, lacking the imposing sense of itself that brought the tourists to El Totumo, but there was a charm to the understated, undiscovered little spot that had an immediate appeal.
"I used to come out here with friends all the time back in High School," Gabi said as she watched my reaction. I could see why sneaking off to relax and fool around here would draw in local kids like her. And if she was hoping I would approve, well, the way the low sun was beginning to frame itself between the slopes of the valley already and drawing out the shadows already had me inspired, leaving my mind racing as to what shots I could get. I just needed a subject, one I could get moody close ups of in the mud, or silhouette against the river and the coming sunset. I quickly went to fetch my camera from my bag, but it was at that moment I realised I'd been working with a pretty large, unspoken assumption.
"You were expecting me to model for you, weren't you," she asked.
"I did hope." That was an understatement. Without someone to put in any photographs the entire trip out here would end up being a bust, and the normal care with which I'd have asked had gone out of my head the moment Harvey had started giving her hints and tugs.
Gabi smirked at me. "Mom implied. But..." she tailed off, pointedly for a moment, leaving me to wait for her to continue. "The price we agreed was for a driver and a guide, not a model. I know what I'm worth and I don't come cheap."
She was toying with me. And, God, if I could have captured just how intense the mischief and provocation in her eyes was in that moment. We both knew she was going to do it for me, Harvey wasn't exactly giving us much choice there. But this was a game to her and I needed her badly, in more ways than one. Gabi planned to enjoy being in the driving seat, and so we both also knew this was going to end with me giving her whatever she wanted.
"How much?"
"A hundred."
I was expecting worse. "Done."
She gave a small pout, leaning in so that I thought she was about to kiss me, but instead only moving to whisper in my ear, her words teasing. "You know it's less fun when you don't even pretend to negotiate."
Even if I was being made to work for things, Gabi had clearly come prepared, and I was made to look away, left to study the horizon as she opened her own bag to change. When I was allowed to turn back her previous outfit was gone, replaced by a sleek, white bikini with barely there straps, flawlessly set against the equally shapely lines of her half-exposed body. I did my best not to be too obvious, but she clearly knew the way my eyes were on her as she made for the pool, and I'm sure I didn't entirely avoid letting a goofy smile show on my face.
The camera loved looking at her even more than I did, and it quickly became obvious she'd done work like this before. Gabi lounged in the warm mud, progressively submerging herself until she was covered from head to foot and obliging my instructions as I worked. The idea had been to try and get more than just portraits, but it didn't take me long to accept that she was the star. And with the mud rendering everything in a sense of grayscale, the one splash of colour ended up being the green of her eyes, brilliantly stark in the shots where we experimented with her barely breaking the surface. At some point I'd even slipped my own pants off, wading into the heated mud in my underwear. And even though I'm not above getting dirty for my work, this time I wasn't even bothering to pretend to myself it was only to get better shots.
It didn't take her long to raise the stakes however, not even letting me shoot for half an hour before making her next, inevitable, offer.
"I'll take my top off for you if you pay me another two hundred," she suggested, and my stomach skipped.
I was tempted to say yes immediately, but Gabi lounged back on the edge of the mud pool, arms stretched out, and saw how her expression dared me to haggle with her. I'd later realise that this was the point where it really started to click in my head that what I wanted was a woman who'd challenge me, and I took her bait.
"This is where I say I'll only pay one hundred and we settle on one fifty, right?"
Gabi laughed at that. "Definitely not. I'm already beingverygenerous, just for you. The boys on my streams have to pay twice as much for this."
"Streams? You're what, like a camgirl or something?"
I suddenly had the context for how she could afford a nicer car than her mom despite being a student, or how she was so practised at making me feel the dead centre of her attention. I felt my stomach do a brief, illicit little flip, and took a moment to realise to my own surprise that I found the revelation incredibly titillating rather than offputting.
She gave a small shrug of her shoulders from where she reclined, waist deep in front of me. "I like money. I really like attention. What's your English saying? You shouldn't mix business and pleasure? Whoever said that didn't know what they were talking about, I love seeing how much I can make myself worth. It's not a dealbreaker is it?"
It wasn't. I'd dabbled out of boredom and curiosity with tuning in to watch a few cam sites during my loneliest moments of lockdown. I'd found the whole thing massively underwhelming, but I wasn't about to judge Gabi either. Nor could I deny the odd extra thrill as I felt myself steppig beyond what I'd normally consider reasonable. It was less the idea of paying her to keep going itself, and more that I would be acting so brazenly in doing so.
The shutter of my camera clicked in her direction by way of an answer.
"Two hundred, and you take your time with things."
Gabi sank down, disappearing until only her chin was visible, her expression seductive. I watched as her arms moved beneath the surface and came back out again moments later with her bikini top removed, casting it onto the nearby grass with a flick of the wrist. I felt my throat dry, licked my lips without thinking. She rose up like something beautifully primal out of the mud, her back turned towards me and stretched her arms out above her head, leaving her contours picked out as if they were covered in earthy grey body paint. I took another burst of pictures, but as she turned back towards me I had to simply lower the camera and take her in without a viewfinder between us.
Her tits were slightly smaller than her moms, but were still more than generous enough against the tight and toned shape of her frame. And even with the thin layer of mud clinging to her it wasn't hard to see just how firm her nipples had become, eagerly inviting my gaze. I stared for a moment, and the young woman chuckled at me.
"Riley, why don't you put the camera down. It's my turn to get what I came here for."
It was a question, but she wasn't really asking.
She was close enough to reach up and brush a hand across my cheek, leaving a grey streak smeared across my face. I did as I was told, taking a moment to carefully lean back out of the pool and set the device down next to my bag, only to be met by her arms around my shoulders as I returned, pulling me down with a kiss that felt as dirty as her muddy body left me. I'd only removed my pants by this point, and quickly felt the wet, clinging warmth seep into the rest of my clothes with a start as I dipped in lower, leaving me struggling to remove them far too late.
Gabi helped me peel away my top, and then my bra. We pressed together, our bodies gliding pleasantly against each other while her hands wandered. Quickly found my nipples, the nubs capping my slight chest as equally as firm as her own. And she drew a gasp as she pinched at them, twisting just enough to send a perversely submissive jolt up my spine. There was another smirk, as she realised exactly how easy my buttons were going to be to press, and pushed me back against the edge of the pool to once again firmly claim my tongue with her own.
We didn't make out for long before my hand found Gabi's ass, giving a needy grope as I attempted to relieve her of her bottoms. I expected her to help me wriggle them free, but instead I found her catching my wrist, breaking off from our kisses so she could speak.
"If you want the bottoms off, that's going to be another fifty."
I wasn't able to answer before she leant back in towards me. Her hands gripped my hair and gently eased my head back, allowing her to capture my earlobe between her teeth for a temptingly provocative nibble. I swore, and crumpled to her demands.
She charged me again for the privilege of seeing her slide herself back out onto the edge of the pool to masturbate. Letting me watch, she spread her legs, the shaved swell of her crotch perched at my eye level as she washed it off with a bottle of water. Gabi was a performer, she loved being watched and she knew exactly how to play to an audience. Shamelessly she toyed with herself for me, massaging, glistening dark folds, moaning my name. Her fingers curled up inside herself and she pumped slowly, drawing things out for my benefit until it all became too much for either of us and her efforts became ragged. She creamed, hard, her own wetness flecked and smeared against the mud the coated her and I waited until she was done, before I placed my head between earth covered thighs and savoured her.
It left me desperate for more. I wanted to have her there on the grass, to see her cum not from her own fingers but from mine, to sample every inch of her. And so I lifted myself half up and out of the mud, my body running slick against Gabi's as I leaned across her. I stooped in for a kiss, but the gesture was awkward and dirty, the taste of her lips earthier than I'd have liked. I tried to grope her chest, reaching for one of her nipples, but in doing so let one of my thighs slip, prompting Gabi to laugh as I clumsily slumped on top of her. I needed her, but the prospect of doing anything while we were both covered head to toe from the volcanic mud quickly seemed more challenging than appealing. And so I cast my eyes down towards the river a short way off.
"Maybe you'd like to come and help me wash off?"
She considered, and I knew before she started to reply that she was going to try and name another price, amused at the idea of just how far she could take things. Instead I leant my mud slick body across hers to place a finger upon her lips, pushing back in earnest for the first time.
"We both know you're going to come and fuck me whether I pay you or not." I loved how in control she was, but I also enjoy playing the brat, and my tone did its best to make clear that I wanted her to bite back. The harder the better.
Gabi smirked. "And what makes you so sure, hmm?"
"Call it a hunch."
"You're awfully confident of that." She reached around, giving my rear a delightful, challenging, squeeze. "You know, I've not even started to make you pay a tax for fucking my mama yet."
At the mention of Luisa, the thrill of how indecent I was being quivered through me. I took a moment to search Gabi's face, momentarily unsure if there was any resentment behind her words, but found only a devilish fire in her eyes. God, she was getting off on the idea of fucking her mother's lover even harder than I was. I did my best to pull myself to my feet rather than melt from her expression alone, trying to draw out the game as I started to walk towards the river, leaving her to chase after me.
"I'm sure you can find plenty of other ways to punish me for that."
I dawdled enough, deliberately, on my way down to the bank, that Gabi was practically on top of me as I reached the water. It barely came up to the top of my thighs, but the sudden contrast between the comfortable warmth of the mud and the cooler river caused me to yelp, one that was quickly followed by a similar shriek and laughter from behind me.
"Oh fuck me that's cold," I exclaimed but wasn't left to linger in the thought for long before I felt Gabi bundle into me from behind. Her arms wrapped around me and we both tumbled beneath the surface with a splash as she wrestled me down playfully. As I came back up seconds later, finding my feet again, I barely had an instant to gasp before her lips were on mine again and we fell into each other, hungrily in the middle of the current.
It was hard to tell if we were making an honest attempt to clean each other off, or if that was merely a consequence of how eagerly we wanted to touch each other still. I ran my hands across every curve I could find on her young, beautiful body. And as I helped wipe the mud from the slick dark cascade of her hair, I marvelled at just how much she looked like her mother, whenever I'd fucked Luisa in the shower. Most striking was how identical their nipples were. Gabi's tits were smaller, but the dark brown nubs that capped them mirrored Luisa's perfectly, save for the lack of piercings. Although I'd learn later, watching one of her streams out of curiosity, that even that difference wouldn't last.
Before long the cold of the water was totally forgotten for the heat the Colombian girl lit in me, and her hands began to drift further and further towards my core. I was painfully ready for her when her fingers moved from her thigh to press against my clit, the strumming of her digits causing me to moan whorishly into her mouth, mid-kiss. A kiss that was abandoned entirely when three of those fingers slid inside me, leaving me to clench and whimper at the sensation. Her other hand toying with my own nipples was almost more than I could bare, and, standing there against her in the river, I quickly raced towards my peak. She knew exactly what she was doing, and the climax I could feel swelling inside my core was going to be an incredible one. But Gabi had ideas other than letting me reach it quite so easily.
"Do you want to come?"
"Fuck...Gabi. Yes..."
"How much are you willing to pay for it?"
Her fingers slowed but didn't stop, stroking me just firmly enough to edge me without letting me have what I wanted. I whined, almost pathetically, my body still trying to claw its way towards release. And swore as I realised the hold she had on me and just how readily I was willing to give in.
"Fuck. Gabi, no. Please...you can't not let me come like this. Please..."
She eased off fingering my hot, desperate cunt even further in response to my protest. But in its place gave a firm tweak to one of my nipples, pulling the flesh hard enough to make me gasp, just enough of a taste of pain to feel fucking incredible. She wasn't going to let me come without getting what she wanted, but she wasn't about to let me forget how much my body needed her in that moment either.
"You didn't think I was going to let you off that easily, did you? I wonder if you sounded like such a slut when Mama fucked you. Did she make you beg like this? Or did she give your greedy little pussy whatever it wanted? Were you as desperate for her as you are for me?"
"Oh shit, Gabi. I...fuck..." I tried to find some form of protest, but failed as she toyed with me. Dirty talk had always been something I could take or leave before then, but there and then Gabi's words couldn't have been doing more to add to the delicious, helpless feelings running through me.
"So I'm going to ask again, Riley. How much would a slut like you pay to come right now?"
"Anything."
Her thumb circled my clit without actually touching it, teasing the pleasure I knew it would be able to give me. She kissed at my neck and grazed teeth across the skin in a gentle bite that sent me wild. And I rolled my hips, trying to guide her back, deeper, in search of release, only for Gabi to move her hand away just as far as I pushed.
"Two hundred," she demanded. "And I'll make you come as many times as it takes to make you forget Mama."
I tried to speak, but my breath caught and the word only came out as a whisper. "Deal."
"Loud enough so I can hear you. We don't want you going back on things do we?"
"Fuck. Deal. We have a deal! Just fucking let me come already!"
Gabi's fingers resumed their ministrations in earnest, but the intensity still wasn't quite as fervent as it had been. I draped my arms about her shoulders, leaning myself against her as she took her time, curling and thrusting. She refused to simply rush me to my finish, but instead took her time, building me up so high that when I finally came crashing back down it was with an intensity that left me speechless. I pulsed, blissfully against her hand, cumming long and hard before falling backwards into the water. And it was there that I let myself float for a wonderful moment, figuratively and literally.
The pair of us clambered back onto the bank, neither satisfied with just the one orgasm. Or tired of each other's bodies as we fucked several more times. I ate her out enthusiastically, her hands assertively holding me in place between her legs as I worshipped her cunt. And as she returned the favour as I made sure I got my money's worth. I even got to enjoy the lapping flicks of her tongue against my arsehole, discovering that she was just as enthused at the prospect of burying her face between the cheeks of my rear as her mom was. My final orgasm came with me splayed out on the grass, with her fingers filling both my holes, reducing me to exhausted, disbelieving laughter.
We were into the blue hour by the time we finished, with the sun dipping below the horizon and just enough light left to let us linger a while next to each other. And it was as I lay there, my body light and my thoughts hazy as I looked up at the sky, that Gabi propped herself up on an elbow to speak.
"Hey Riley?"
"Yeah?"
"If I'm honest, this has been fun, but we both know I'm acting out while I can. I want to go back to college and make the most of doing this sort of thing until a real job means I have to stop. I've not decided how far I want to take doing sex work yet, but I enjoy it too much to stop for you. And I don't think either of us want to try and make something like that work."
I rolled over slightly to look at her as she finished her Harvey induced confessional and the over-earnest look faded from her eyes. We both knew part of the appeal of this was that I was going to be gone in a week, no obligations to the other as we figured ourselves out and did what felt good. Even so, there was an odd, remaining uncertainty about her, and I leaned over to give her cheek a kiss, encouraging her to voice it.
"You and Mama aren't serious, are you?"
I shook my head. "Not really, no. We've had this talk already, you don't have to worry about it getting weird."
"But you're going to keep having sex with her until you leave?"
As she asked the question I realised I genuinely didn't have the answer to that. Things had been good with Luisa, but I didn't know what Harvey had planned for me. Except, for the first time, I was actually looking forward to whatever came next. "Maybe? I'm only here for a few more days." I paused, with my next words just as much for Harvey as they were for Gabi. "I'm doing my best to keep an open mind."
"If she doesn't, I'm not against letting you pay for another round or two." Gabi offered, earning a laugh as she grinned at me. And as she did, I felt Harvey give a smile of her own, in that odd, shapeless way of hers. A glow of approval straight into my mind.
'That's my girl. We might actually be getting somewhere.'
My next encounter with help from the bracelet didn't come until a few days later, on my way out of Colombia. Gabi would drive me back to her mom's place in the meantime, but I'll leave you guessing about how I spent the rest of my trip, and which of them it was with. I've always been a believer that some of the best pictures you can take are the ones that leave certain things out and your audience guessing at the rest of the story, just out of frame. Maybe the details aren't worth telling. Or maybe there are just certain things I'm not going to admit to...
Like Cassie, I got in contact with Luisa again recently, once I was able to look back on all this. I didn't leave her a storybook ending quite like Cassie got, but she's happy. Her tour guide business has kicked back into gear and I've sent several other photographers her way, telling them she's the best fixer I've worked with before or since. Honestly, I think she enjoys her life the way it is, and I'm definitely not going to fault her for it.
And Gabi? Gabi's still at college, although I've tuned in to some of her streams in the months since. Watching cams like that still isn't for me, but the girl really knows how to work a room, and while I don't know if she's figured out which direction she's going yet, she certainly seems to be having fun along the way. And I don't regret a penny of what she made me pay her.
***
Writer's block is a bitch and has been kicking my ass pretty hard since the new year. If you're waiting on other works by me, rest assured that I'm working on getting them done as quickly as my muse is going to let me and the biggest incentive I can get are any positive ratings and comments people feel like dropping me here.
Thanks for the clicks and the support
- Aga
***