Shannon saw her mother watching, speechless, as her husband continued to ejaculate. Even in this totally inappropriate situation, Emily couldn't bear to see Oliver's sperm go to waste and she clamped her lips back around his still pumping cock.
There was nothing Oliver could do or say to make this look any different to what it was. Emily was naked, legs splayed apart, the sheen of sperm covering every inch of her body. Her magnificent firm breasts, the envy of any woman, hung free. Her shaven, well-fucked pussy was pink and swollen, gaping open and leaking fluid.
Michelle just stood there, dumbfounded. Emily felt a little rush of satisfaction. Michelle had spoken to neither her nor Shannon since the wedding.
Part of her felt pleased to see the woman who had spoken of Emily so disparagingly and dismissively getting such a reality check. Michelle's husband, who Michelle likely hadn't given a second thought to, sexually, in decades, had joined a whole group of men paying tribute to Emily in the basest manner possible.
Shannon had been quite upset at how her mother was able to completely shut her out like that. So, part of her got a little satisfaction too. But her stomach was churning. She pulled her knickers up, Stephen's semen trickling down her thighs. She made to go after her mother, who had stormed out without a word.
"What are you doing?" Stephen cried, grabbing her arm. "Do you want her to know you were here? Do you think that will help?"
Shannon stopped to think. Stephen was right. They were hidden away in the projection room where they had a birds-eye view of the show Emily had just put on for half the men in town. If she was going to go after her mother, she'd not only have to explain her presence to her, she'd also have to reveal herself to Emily and her dad too. That would be an awkward conversation.
"Oops," Emily said playfully. Oliver didn't know what to do, or even what to think. His cock was hanging limply, a drip of cum hanging from the tip. Emily saw this and couldn't resist wiping it onto the tip of her finger and sucking it clean.
The table was swimming in sperm. Despite everything, she couldn't waste this. The camera guys were still on hand, and Oliver watched in in sheer amazement as Emily played in the pool of cum for them.
She lay on the table face down, rising up on her elbows as the cameras captured the semen running down her breasts and dripping off her nipples in long glistening threads. She undid her ponytail and pulled her hair loose, using it to soak up sperm like a sponge. The result was truly disgusting, her hair completely sodden and matted, sticking to her face and shoulders. She was a mess, but a beautiful one.
Despite everything that had happened, Oliver felt a stirring in his pants again. This was doubled when one of the guys who'd looked to be headed home approached, cock hard again at the sight of Emily.
He was one of the guys who had clearance to fuck her, and she opened her legs immediately to allow him access again. Now the crowd had thinned this was a much better setup for the cameramen, and they gathered around again, recording Emily's cum-saturated body being violated once more in graphic detail.
Even though it was his second time, the guy didn't last too long. The sight of Emily writhing around in all that semen was too much. He shot his cum deep up inside her. This set her off as it was the first time she'd felt sperm being deposited inside her for many years.
"Oh fuck! That's so nice, feeling it filling me up. Thank you so much!" she cooed to the guy. As a little reward she sucked his cock clean, and as a reward for her a different guy stepped up and shot another load into the side of her face.
Finally, there was no more. The shoot, which was scheduled to finish at ten, had continued until nearly midnight. The caretaker was eager for everyone to leave, and not hugely pleased with the mess which was liberally splattered over his hall. But this was the price for the superb blowjob he'd received, and he thought it a fair one.
"Still here? Emily said, noticing Oliver standing there. As she usually did after a shoot, she'd just pulled her coat over her naked sperm covered body. She loved the walk home with the shameful knowledge that evidence of everything she'd done was smeared all over her. Oliver was looking a bit sheepish.
"Yeah, I... honestly, I don't really like the thought of going home, for some reason."
"Shit, yes, I bet!" Emily replied. "I'm sorry, I was so caught up in everything, it didn't really cross my mind what all that meant for you. And for Shannon too, I guess."
"I'll see about a hotel for tonight, I think. Then face the music tomorrow, I suppose. I think this is likely the end of my marriage."
"Oh shit! Oliver! Do you really think so? But why?"
"Why? Well, I think my public infidelity is plenty for Michelle to call things off."
"Oh god! That's so stupid, isn't it? I mean, how long have you been married?"
"Twenty-one years," Oliver replied.
"And she'll throw away twenty-one years of marriage just because of one little blowjob? You didn't even fuck me! Christ, I can't imagine issuing orders to my husband, forcing him to keep his hands off other women. It's not natural, is it?"
Oliver looked at Emily with growing affection. Sex to her was as natural as breathing. There was no pretence. Just as she found offering her body to all the men in town totally normal, she couldn't think for a moment why Oliver being sucked off by someone other than his wife should be viewed as out of the ordinary in any way.
"If you'd asked me a few years ago, I'd probably have been on Michelle's side in that argument," Oliver mused. "But meeting you, well, you've certainly opened my eyes -- and my mind. Being around you, it's such a breath of fresh air."
It was true. Oliver was warming to Emily in ways he hadn't known existed. Sure, she was the most physically desirable person he could imagine. But there was more. Emily was looking at him, thoughtfully.
"Well, I feel a bit responsible for this."
Oliver held his tongue, laughing internally that she felt just 'a bit' involved, given she'd been swallowing her husband's semen when Michelle had burst in.
"So, I suppose I should offer you a bed for the night," she continued. Oliver's heart leapt.
"Really? That would be so good of you," he said immediately.
"Yes. Just for tonight, we'll work things out tomorrow. Don't be getting any ideas though!
Oliver started to respond to that, wondering what exactly Emily might possibly object to, given what she'd done tonight. But he couldn't think of anything to say, so shrugged and followed the lovely Emily out of the hall, feeling much better all of a sudden.
Shannon and Stephen quietly came down from their vantage point in the projection room. They'd watched events unfold in silence. They climbed down the steep staircase and slipped through the hall and out of the door just a few minutes after their parents had gone the same way.
Shannon felt the cold air hit her inner thighs, wet with Stephen's cum which still leaked out of her as they walked. She reached out and took his hand, squeezing it affectionately. Looking in the window they saw the caretaker mopping up the pools of semen, removing the evidence of Emily's work that evening.
*******
"Don't you have to go to work?" Emily asked. Oliver looked into those eyes, which had been fixed to his for the past twenty minutes whilst she'd sucked his cock. It was the most incredible way to be hauled from slumber.
"I can call in. I mean, I'm the boss, I can kind of do what I want. The place pretty much runs itself."
This was true. Outside of meetings with important clients or investors, Oliver's presence was optional at the factory. He'd earned that.
"A bit like me then -- your daughter is doing an amazing job. And the shop is raking it in."
They lay around discussing normal things for a while. Both were in a similar position. Even with, he assumed, impending divorce leading to his net worth being split in half, Oliver was comfortable. Emily had two lucrative careers. The shop on its own would be plenty, but her income from pornography had grown to many times that.
A few days later and Oliver was still there. Nothing had been agreed, nor had Oliver's continued presence even been discussed. Emily was enjoying his company. She'd lived alone for so long, she'd forgotten how nice it could be, just having another person around the place. Silly little things like putting the milk bottles out, or the bins.
"Listen, Oliver," she began. He sensed she was going to say something serious and looked up. "I've liked having you here, and I'm happy for you to stay for a while -- in fact I'd really like it. But I need to know, right from the start, that we are on the same page."
"And what page is that?" Oliver was carelessly flicking through one of the innumerable porn magazines Emily liked to leave all over her plush apartment. Emily looked over his shoulder. He was looking at her set in 'Cum Queens'.
"That page, pretty much," she nodded to the pictures of her being fingered by three guys at once, a cock in her mouth and one in each hand. "I mean, what I'm saying is, if you are here, you are going to be fucking me, obviously."
"Obviously," Oliver smiled.
"But I'm also going to be fucking other people, obviously."
"Obviously," he laughed. Emily laughed too, slapping him playfully across his bare chest. She liked his chest; it was broad and strong. She ran her fingers through the little black curls of hair growing out of it.
"I mean, I just want to make sure I'm not going to piss you off, you know? Because I'm not going to change, for you or anyone. I don't know what will happen in future, but right now, I'm having so much fun. I feel like maybe I can share that with you. But I didn't have a great experience when I was married, and the least fun thing I can think of is someone trying to tell me to change -- you know?"
Oliver did know. Emily was a wild horse. He'd somehow managed to harness her, loosely anyway. He could ride her. But he would never tame her. And he didn't want to.
Emily thought of Will and Anne. Their relationship had been built on a platform of most of Will's friends fucking his wife regularly, and they were the happiest couple she knew. If Oliver was really OK with her being herself, as he seemed to be, then maybe this could go somewhere.
It turned out that Oliver, rather than holding her back, was a catalyst for even more fun.
The next week they were sitting together, reviewing the pictures from the gangbang in the community centre.
The whole experience had been incredible, but the pictures had been a bit disappointing, Emily thought. She'd really wanted them to capture just how much she'd enjoyed things, and with so many different men. But capturing a good, hard fuck on camera wasn't easy, it seemed.
A lot of the pictures were blurry due to the movement. And most of the action had been missed due to the crowd of guys around her.
The best part was right at the end, when the crowd had thinned down a bit. There were some amazing pictures, but so much had been missed.
It was Oliver who suggested the solution, and, since he had, she'd been a soaking mess between her legs waiting for today.
Oliver had firstly suggested that, whilst she might enjoy a huge gangbang like that from time to time, the cameras would work better with a smaller number - maybe four or five guys.
But he also made a suggestion which Emily had, strangely enough, never considered. It was quite expensive, but in 1995 it was now perfectly possible to buy a video camera that was of studio quality. Recording to S-VHS tapes, Oliver said he was sure he'd be able to work out how to edit these down onto normal video cassettes.
Emily was about to become a hardcore porn film actress. And she couldn't wait.
*******
Shannon was feeling like she had to do something, but she wasn't sure what. Secretly watching Emily that night had done it for her.
For the past few months there had been a new line of magazines Shannon stocked which weren't on display on the top shelf. They were advertised only by word of mouth, and, unlike the other stock, didn't arrive in Vikesh's van.
Emily was quite secretive about where it all came from, but every so often she'd casually drop in a new pile of magazines which were stored under the counter.
These magazines all featured Shannon's mother-in-law engaged in sex with multiple men. She had a constant reminder of what Emily enjoyed so regularly. And what she couldn't stop dreaming of.
Shannon felt like she had to start following up on her filthy urges, which just got more frequent and more difficult to ignore.
She'd considered talking to Emily, but, despite everything, the fact she was her mother-in-law made her reluctant. No matter how badly Emily had behaved, Shannon couldn't stop wondering how she'd react to her son's wife following a similar path.
Weirdly, Shannon also hadn't mentioned the fact that her and Stephen had secretly watched Emily's show. She didn't really know why. Emily wasn't exactly shy. As time went on, it got more difficult to broach the subject. What was she supposed to say? "Oh by the way, that time you fucked half the town, me and your son sneaked in and watched the whole thing."
Shannon smiled as Anne walked into the shop. She liked Anne. She must be in her sixties now, but Emily had told her all the things she used to get up to with her husband Will and his friends.
Her marriage was a real inspiration to Emily as it proved that a happy relationship and monogamy were not mutually exclusive. This intrigued Shannon too. Will and Anne were as happy as any couple she knew.
Anne had also experienced the pleasure of seeing both Emily and Shannon performing for her husband's camera and was very complimentary about both of their talents.
And Anne was very much involved in Emily's photoshoots, taking the role of make-up artist and being present throughout the delightfully disgusting things Emily got up to.
"Anne," Shannon started, as she made to leave with her newspaper and cigarettes. "Have you got time for a chat?"
"Are you kidding? All I've got is time, darling! What's on your mind?"
Shannon was glad to have Anne to use as a sounding board, and Anne was only too happy to listen.
Shannon spilled everything, of how she'd been feeling since working in the shop, how her relationship with Stephen was very likely to change pretty drastically, very soon.
She confessed about watching Emily's gangbang and how it had made her feel. She even admitted the feelings of guilt she'd been supressing, having watched her own father taking his turn with Emily.
"Well," Anne laughed, when Shannon finally went quiet. "All I can say is I was born forty years too early. Honestly, when I was your age I was a virgin, and having sex outside marriage was a scandal.
"So, what are you looking for? I mean from me? You want me to tell you it's all OK, everything you've done, everything you're feeling?"
"I suppose I am, really," Shannon laughed. "I mean, it's not right, is it? I'm supposed to be making a home with Stephen, starting a family. But all I -- all either of us can think about is..."
Anne smiled knowingly.
"If it's not right nowadays, imagine how I felt. Jesus, for a while I was shared around so many different guys. Will was a right little pervert, But I was worse. Once I realised I had a licence to do what I wanted, that was it. No turning back."
"And you never felt it might cause a problem? I mean between you and Will?"
"Christ no! I mean, another man, sure. But Will and me, we're the same. Everything I did was for me, but just as much for him. He loved it.
"But you still had kids, didn't you? That must have been difficult, keeping everything separate?"
"Not really. We didn't do a lot of that stuff when they were home. Two kids make that impossible. The odd little dirty weekend, that was all. But both ours flew the nest at eighteen, and we made up for lost time once we got our space back. Every week the guys were over -- sometimes more!"
Shannon listened to Anne reminiscing about some of the things she'd done, and the more she spoke, the less worried Shannon became. Anne painted a picture which made everything Shannon dreamed about achievable. There was no reason she shouldn't. But she did still have some concerns she wanted a second opinion on.
"It's a bit weird though, the whole thing. I mean we look at Emily's stuff. Stephen's mother. And we're, you know, excited. And Stephen's guilty because it's his mum. And now I'm watching my dad, you know, wanking over Emily."
"And how did that feel?" Anne looked genuinely curious.
"Honesty, I'd just say 'nice'. I think it's great that dad's found Emily. After mum, she's just what he needs. And Emily is so public in what she does, there's no way I could avoid seeing it."
"He's a good looking one, your dad. Emily is lucky to have him. There aren't many of them around, so easy going too. And he seems like a really nice guy."
"Yeah, he is. It sems weird saying it, but it's like I'm only just now seeing who he really is. Mum really did a number on him. I don't think he was ever happy before, really."
"Well, it sounds like you've not been scarred for life by what you saw," Anne concluded. "It's a different world these days. It's not like he's doing something unnatural or perverted -- he's appreciating a beautiful woman, what's more normal than that?"
"Oh, I know. It's just...I enjoyed it. I couldn't take my eyes off my own dad, so hard and turned on."
"From what you're telling me, I think any man with a hard dick would have the same effect on you," Anne smiled. Shannon giggled. Anne was helping.
"Yeah, maybe," Shannon said thoughtfully.
"And there's certainly no way Stephen could ever avoid what Emily does. Poor lad. Emily is doing things that boys of that age -- of any age -- can only dream about witnessing. But she's his mum.
"You aren't supposed to enjoy watching your mum have sex -- but how could he do anything else? I'm a sixty-three-year-old straight grandmother and I have a hard time keeping my hands off her. A red-blooded man has no chance!"
Shannon laughed. Anne had a way of putting things which made everything seem much less of a problem.
"Anyway," Anne continued. "I know what you are really wanting, which is for me to tell you it's OK to go down the path which you've started to make for yourself -- Emily's path. But just because it was OK for me, and it's OK for Emily, doesn't mean it's OK for you and Stephen. It might be, but that's between you two."
*******
It was three months later. Shannon was beside herself. Vikesh had just dropped off this month's delivery, and Shannon had cut away the plastic around the batch of 30 copies of 'Razzle' magazine.
Emily had introduced Shannon to Alan, the photographer. Stephen was happy with this arrangement, the camera club was too close to home, and they'd both agreed to start things off slowly, and see how it went.
This was it. Shannon's 'big reveal'. Unlike Emily, who had appeared inside the pages of these publications on many occasions before she graced the cover, Shannon's first experience was much more public.
There she was, right on the front. Famous as her mother-in-law now was, the link between the two had been leapt upon by the magazine, and they had taken great pleasure in advertising who this new starlet, in white lingerie, sucking a finger salaciously, was.
'Shannon Stainthorpe's first time! Emily's sexy daughter opens up inside!' screamed the lurid headline.
Shannon remembered Emily telling her how she'd been in two minds when she was in this situation. How, despite wanting it so badly, she'd nearly chickened out more than once, opting against putting herself out there on display.
Shannon wasn't as confident as Emily, and she was experiencing the same emotions. If it wasn't for the fact her full name was right there, emblazoned on the cover with no hope of it being missed by anyone who gave it a glance, maybe she'd be finding it easier.
She'd been replaying this in her mind ever since Alan had told her she was going to be published. There had been a whole month to prepare. It had seemed so much clearer, so much easier when her and Stephen were talking about it.
The thought and the fantasy had been hot. The reality was terrifying. She still wanted it, but it seemed like such a big thing, now it was there in front of her.
Stephen had repeatedly asked her if she was sure she wanted to go through with it. The answer was always a resounding 'yes'. She didn't want to back out.
It took her over an hour, but eventually she forced herself to put a few copies out there. Unlike Emily. who made sure her appearances couldn't be missed, Shannon opted to tuck the magazine away in the far corner, behind 'Naughty over 40'.
The knowledge that it was there was enough. Watching the first few guys come in and scan the shelves left her petrified, as they got closer to discovering her dirty secret. But each settled on something else, and she sighed with relief as they left the shop, none the wiser that the pretty Shannon was naked and available for purchase if they'd just looked in the right place.
As the guys left the shop and Shannon thawed, she felt her heart racing. Terrifying as it was, she was excited. She could feel her blood coursing through her body and her stomach churned in a nice way.
After the next visitor, who again completely missed 'Razzle', hidden away as it was, she steeled herself and moved 'Razzle' right into the centre of the row, pointedly ignoring all the misgivings which came cascading as she did do.
Shannon tucked the magazines behind 'Shaven Havens'. Due to Emily's repeated appearances, this was one of the more popular titles, and when one of the guys pulled down a copy, Shannon would be revealed.
It was mid-afternoon, and a good number of guys had perused seemingly every other magazine before Shannon was discovered.
Jack Wilson was an ex. They'd briefly seen each other -- in fact he was Shannon's first proper boyfriend. They'd both been young and kissing and fondling had been as far as they had gone.
Jack was now engaged to Julia, who Shannon knew from school. But Jack was a regular in the shop. And, Shannon remembered, was a regular purchaser of 'Razzle'.
With bated breath, Shannon watched Jack pick up and flick through a couple of magazines. Eventually he spotted the familiar typeface and lurid lettering, and fished out what he was looking for.
Shannon watched and waited. She was glad it was Jack. They had remained on good terms, and she knew he was committed to Julie, so was pretty harmless.
Jack glanced at the cover and stopped. Looking back at Shannon, and then again to the cover, it sunk in.
Without a word, he opened the magazine and quickly located Shannon's set. As well as being cover girl, Shannon was also the centrefold.
That moment when Jack held the magazine up at arm's length, letting the centre spread fall open, remained etched in Shannon's memory forever. She was crouching over the camera and her vagina was inches from the lens.
Slightly out of focus range, her perky breasts and sexy smile looked down from above, but this picture was all about her cunt. Her lovely, young, shaven, puffy little pussy.
Shannon just watched Jack looking at her. Neither of them moved for some time, until eventually Jack closed the magazine and came over.
"Jesus Shannon!" Jack's face was a picture. He might have just won the lottery. Shannon thought about what Emily would do, and managed to smile in what she hoped was a casual, relaxed manner.
"Two-ninety-nine please," she grinned, holding her hand out. Shaking his head in disbelief Jack handed over a five-pound note and left in a daze.
As soon as he left, Shannon went straight over and rearranged the top shelf so that Razzle was no longer obscured. She was ready to be exposed now. Her pussy was throbbing.
Shannon's situation was a bit different to Emily's. Whilst her mother-in-law had been selling herself like this for some time now, her customers had, at least when she started working there anyway, been strangers.
For Shannon, customers were frequently people she knew and had dealings with outside of the shop. Jack was one, but over the course of the next few hours she sold a copy of 'Razzle' to her old driving instructor, the window cleaner and one of her dad's friends.
Shannon retelling her day for her husband later sent him crazy. He bent her over the sideboard in front of the mirror, sliding into her from behind as she repeated what had happened.
As he fucked her, she leafed through the magazine, both of them admiring what several men in town were, no doubt, also enjoying right now.
"Read it again," he grunted, slapping against her as they got into a rhythm. Shannon complied immediately.
"Shannon's sick of her mum hogging all the limelight. Emily's one of the most popular girls ever to have graced the pages of 'Razzle'. Her daughter Shannon says she's ready to follow in her footsteps.
"I get so horny thinking about all the readers stroking their hard cocks over me. I want everyone to shoot a lovely big load of cum and imagine it's going right down my throat!
"You heard her guys!"
Alongside the text box Shannon was on her knees, mouth open and tongue out, the same position Emily adopted so readily when a dick was ready to unload for her.
"Fucking hell, you look so dirty," Stephen gasped. "So fucking sexy. Everyone is going to be wanking over you now, you filthy little fucking slut!"
The fear Shannon had experienced earlier was now long gone. This was her safe space, the place all of these plans had been hatched and discussed at length. Usually with her bent over in exactly this position.
"I know! It's so fucking hot isn't it! I wonder who is going to come into the shop tomorrow? Word is going to get around. I'm sure I'll get a visit from some of your friends too."
This was a subject they'd covered repeatedly. Many of Stephen's friends had fucked his mum now, with those that hadn't likely to follow suit soon. Membership of the camera club continued to grow. Shannon suddenly being alongside Emily on the top shelf wasn't going to go unnoticed.
Shannon had, in the heat of passion, let slip that she fantasised about Stephen's friends. She told Stephen in no uncertain terms that she was fine if they all wanted to fuck her. But Stephen was against it.
He had no problem, however, with Shannon appearing in magazines like his mum did. They'd talked about it, and she found it a real turn on people she knew seeing this new dirty side. Stephen also admitted that it made him insanely horny thinking of his friends being able to see just what a perfect little slut his wife was.
He was looking forward to reminding the group that he was able to enjoy her in the way they could only dream of. Shannon told him he could paint as graphic a picture of their sex life as he wanted, the idea of the guys talking about her was a huge turn-on.
They were both looking forward to Gavin, Mark and the rest coming into her shop and leaving with material to wank over. But there was about to be another addition to the shop's stock which would cause even Shannon's surprise appearance to take a back seat.
Shannon's father and Emily visited the shop the next day. Emily went straight for 'Razzle' and was extremely complimentary about her daughter-in-law's set.
"What an absolutely perfect body you have, you sexy little thing. Stunning! Oh Christ, look at that, Olly!"
Oliver did look. Shannon was his daughter but living with Emily had changed his outlook on a great many things. He was able to appreciate that Shannon did have a great body, and her set was really good, there was no doubt.
Shannon tried to embrace the bizarre situation of her dad studying her centre spread, the huge close-up picture of her aroused cunt dominating the pages. And the picture of her on her knees, mouth open, inviting readers to imagine unloading on her pretty little tongue.
"A little factually inaccurate," Emily noted, "you aren't actually my daughter. But close enough, and much more salacious for them I suppose."
"It's an honour they think I could be your daughter," Shannon said with a dose of sarcasm. Emily slapped her playfully on the arm.
"So, what's next?" Emily said brightly, as they all enjoyed the pictures of Shannon's tight young body. "Alan said you are a natural, he can't wait to work with you again."
"Did he? Oh, that's nice. I'm actually due over there tomorrow night, I'm going to pose for a few sets. And Alan thinks, when I'm ready, he can sort out some male talent for a shoot."
She enjoyed saying this out loud. It was so strange though. She was telling her dad how she was going to pose some more porn, and, in time, would be getting fucked on camera.
Oliver hadn't missed this.
"I see. And do you think you're ready?"
Emily answered for Shannon.
"According to my son, your daughter is about as ready as a girl can be. And so is he -- I haven't seen him so excited since he found out Santa wasn't real!"
Shannon laughed, but she was flushed red.
"Yeah, I sometimes wonder who the worst influence on me is -- you or your son! He's insisting that my first hardcore shoot should be with two guys. I was thinking it might be better to start with one!"
"I think that's my fault," Emily said sheepishly. "I mentioned something Anne said to me, and I think it's definitely true. The female psyche is a strange thing. I know that, if I've had really good sex with a man, on camera or not, I can see myself developing feelings for him.
"It was one of Anne and Will's rules. She would only fuck two or more guys. And she's right. It means the sex can never be anything other than sex. So Stephen is much less likely to be getting jealous. I think so anyway -- what do you think Olly?"
"Yeah, it's true," Olly confirmed. This was something he could absolutely vouch for.
"I've watched Emily with loads of men now, and I've never felt an ounce of jealousy. But I can imagine it would feel different filming her with some handsome stud, I'm not sure I'd like that."
"Right. I'll keep that in mind," Shannon smiled. Her father, mother-in-law and husband all recommended that she should fuck more than one man, when the opportunity arose. She could definitely do that.
Yes, this whole thing was weird, but it was feeling less weird somehow, the more everyone talked about everything, out in the open. Anne's perspective, from outside the family, had helped a lot too.
"Anyway, filming -- how is that going? When can we see your world premiere?"
Emily had talked at length to Shannon about her recent move into video work, with her father behind the camera.
"Well, that's why we're here," Emily smiled. "And how about that for timing!"
A truck had pulled up outside the shop, mounting the pavement. Oliver went outside and soon four large boxes were piled up in the corridor outside Shannon's office.
It was Emily's turn to be excited again. Shannon also detected her father shared this feeling, although not as obviously as his girlfriend.
As soon as Oliver had cut through the tape on the top of one box, Emily was pulling out her first porn video. She handed one each to Shannon and Oliver, picking one up herself.
"Oh my god Emily!" Shannon gasped as she examined the box.
'Emily's Adventures -- A Walk in the Park'. The cover featured the stunning Emily, hands on hips, miniskirt and tiny bra-top, standing in front of a cafe Shannon recognised.
Turning the box over, Emily was depicted walking around the lake naked, being fucked on a picnic bench by two men, with several others watching on, and on her knees with cum in her face.
"Fuck! Emily!" Shannon squealed. "This is so hot!" Both her father and Emily were looking over the box with great delight.
"I did the cover myself, "Oliver said proudly. "Other than the printing I mean. Took a bit of learning, but I think it looks quite professional, don't you?"
"And the film is amazing too. Your father is really talented Shannon. He's done an such a great job for me. Cameraman, director, producer. If he wasn't always doing the whole thing one-handed, he might get more done though!"
Emily winked and Oliver made a face at her. She laughed and continued.
"And this is just the start. We've already filmed two more videos!"
"'Emily's Adventures' is the series," explained Shannon's father. "But then we've got 'Poker night' and 'At the beach' all ready to go, just a little bit of editing to finish up," Oliver was clearly very proud of his work.
Shannon giggled at the bizarre alternate reality she now lived in, where her meek father, subservient to her mother Michelle for so long, was now suddenly a pornographer.
"I'm taking one of these home -- your son is not going to believe this!" she grinned. "But just one thing. You both do realise this stuff is still illegal, don't you? What the hell are you going to do with all of these copies? There must be hundreds!"
"Four hundred," Emily confirmed. "And yes, that is something I wanted to talk to you about. There are copies going all over Europe -- even to America!" the pride in her voice was palpable. "But I thought... I couldn't resist giving my guys, my pervs, the chance to enjoy it too."
"Emily, you want me to sell this stuff in my shop? I... I don't know if that's a good idea. What happens -- what even is the punishment for selling hard porn like this? It seems like another level again from the magazines."
Emily shrugged.
"I don't think it's as bad as all that." Truth be told, Emily wasn't in the slightest bit interested in the potential consequences.
"But listen, how about this. I've been looking forward to this for months. I'd like to do some shifts in the shop again, if that's OK? It would give you a bit of a break, and I'd love to see the guys' faces when they see what I've done."
Shannon knew what Emily needed. Until this past week she could only guess what it felt like but having now experienced first-hand the enormous thrill of selling men the ammunition to masturbate over her own naked body, she immediately understood.
This was everything for Emily. She'd been looking forward to it for months. That buzz she got, when the guys saw her in the magazines. That stunned and exciting look on their faces when they realised what was in store for them.
Emily was going to feel it again, pushing the boundaries ever further. And she meant to milk the situation as much as she could.
"Why don't you take the next two weeks off." It wasn't a question, Emily had decided.
"And yeah, sure, it's a bit dodgy. But at the end of the day, this is still my shop, so if anything happens, you can blame it all on me, I don't mind. You were just doing what I told you to. I'm sure you'd just get a slap on the wrist, if that."
As Stephen pointed out, this was perhaps the best thing that Shannon could hope for. Over the next few weeks, as well as making sure every male visitor to her shop knew that, if they were discreet, they could buy Emily's new video, Emily was also an amazing saleswoman for 'Razzle'.
Shannon would have got there eventually herself, but the thirty copies she'd ordered were gone by the end of Emily's first day in the shop. Every potential customer was told of the sexy young shop manager's appearance, and almost without exception the guys left with a copy.
Despite the price of 'A Walk in the Park' being thirty pounds, there were few who didn't buy a copy of this too. Emily made the most of her short secondment back at the shop.
Mr Newton, a regular at the camera club and the history teacher at the high school, was one of her first customers.
Like most of the guys, he'd initially been disappointed when Emily had handed the keys to the shop to Shannon. But when it turned out Shannon was a young Emily in the making, that had changed things.
He'd got a little illicit thrill from the whole situation of coming into her shop and flicking through dirty magazines. She didn't seem to mind -- in fact she seemed to enjoy it. Just like her mother-in-law.
Shannon had only graduated two years earlier. She'd been a decent student, one of the few to pass history. So, it was quite a surprise when Emily proudly opened up Shannon's centrefold and Mr Newton saw her lovely smooth pussy, so sharp and clear as she squatted over the camera.
Unsurprisingly Mr Newton left with a copy of Razzle, along with Emily's video. His only thoughts were whether he'd be wanking over his former student or her mother-in-law as soon as he got home.
This was a dilemma shared by most of Emily's customers.
Shannon was, on reflection, glad to have had her exposure taken out of her hands. As Stephen was at work, she spent the first day of her enforced holiday alone with Emily's video, watching and re-watching her mother-in-law and marvelling at how comfortable she found it, being the centre of attention.
She noted how happy Emily was to perform any sex act suggested. Her face, her eyes, her body language, her voice, all signs of a woman who was in love with her work. Shannon was determined to do the Stainthorpe name justice, when it was her turn.
Stephen was back quite early; his job had finished sooner than expected. And he brought news Shannon lapped up eagerly.
"Word's got round then," he said before he'd put his bag down. Shannon knew exactly what he was talking about.
"Really," she said, trying to feign nonchalance but failing.
"Just a bit," he smiled. "Charlie and Max, they were there today to do the plumbing. But they had some interesting reading material on their break..."
"What, they had 'Razzle' with them there at work?"
Stephen nodded.
"And by the sound of it I'm pretty sure all of the lads have been shopping yesterday. Mum made sure nobody missed your set. I popped in to see her on the way home, she says she's already had to put a new order in with that Vik guy."
"Really? But I got thirty copies just two days ago! Did she say how many?"
"One hundred and seventy, she said. But she thinks she might need more -- said she sold more of one magazine yesterday than she'd ever done before, by a long way."
Considering Emily's sales were a thing of legend, this was impressive. Shannon's mind was racing.
"Oh shit! Fuck, Stephen! Everyone's going to be looking at me. I'm such a little slut -- I can't stop thinking about Jack just staring at me squatting on the camera like a complete whore!"
"For Jack, read 'everyone'. Max said he's put that centrefold up in the back of his van!"
"Oh, fuck, Stephen! So, he's looking at me doing that every time he goes for his tools?"
"Yep. And trust me, everyone is going for their tools. Gavin, you know what he's like, said he'd already wanked over you three times -- twice last night and once this morning."
Shannon was visibly palpitating. Although they referred to the guys as 'Stephen's' friends, they had all grown up in the same year group, through primary school. Shannon could remember sitting beside most of them in classes, at one time or another.
As one of the prettiest girls in school, most had tried their luck with her, at one time or another. She'd dated one or two of them, although none had been lucky enough to get anywhere.
So now, all of a sudden, for those guys to be able to watch Shannon living out fantasies they had probably been harbouring for years, that was momentous for her. She could only imagine what it meant to them.
"Oh fuck, Stephen. I can't believe it. I'm so fucking horny. What else did they say? Are you OK with it?"
Stephen's answer was to bend her over the sideboard again. She was grateful to feel him ease straight inside her, a day of watching his mother's film proving to be perfect preparation.
"They just kept on about what a fucking perfect body you've got," Stephen said gently, reaching inside her top and pinching a nipple hard.
"Really? What else?"
"That they can't believe how dirty you are, spreading out for the camera like that. And how they want to shoot a load down your lovely little throat, just like you were asking."
Shannon was climaxing as the words sank in, bucking back against Stephen's thrusts and fixing her gaze on his in the large mirror facing them, a look of unbridled lust fixed across her pretty face.
"And you don't mind?" she repeated the question.
"I wouldn't have it any other way. Everyone is jealous as fuck. They wouldn't say it, but I guarantee every one of them would give their right arm for their girlfriends to be like you. But they don't get to do this to you!"
At that he grabbed her hair, pulling her head back and banging into her violently. The climax which had started to die was immediately back and more powerful, and both were soon slumped forward, collapsed after being completely overtaken by pleasure which took away most of their motor functions.
*******
Michelle had started to come to terms with her new life as a divorcée. She'd found solace in the church in the town of her birth, hundreds of miles away from the place her life was torn apart by that whore.
She'd somehow managed to find a coping mechanism which meant she had been able to settle into a normal life. But that fragile stability had been shattered when she glanced over at the magazine rack when buying her copy of 'The Observer' one morning.
She couldn't bring herself to buy a copy, but Clive, a widower who had befriended her at the church group, had been persuaded to do that job, after she'd told him the whole sordid tale.
"Shameless! She's just completely shameless! And now look what she's done to my daughter!"
'Shannon Stainthorpe's first time! Emily's sexy daughter opens up inside!'
Clive absorbed the headline, a look of distaste fixed upon his face. He neglected to comment. His role here was a listening one.
"HER daughter! She's taken my husband, now she's taken my daughter!"
Despite the very dramatic trauma she was experiencing, Clive noted that Michelle didn't shed a tear. All he saw was pure, incandescent rage etched across her face.
Once Michelle had left, muttering what sounded like most ungodly words under her breath, Clive tentatively looked inside the magazine. He'd led a pious life, and this was not something he would usually have come across.
The magazine opened right to the centre spread. Michelle had shown Clive photographs of her daughter, so he recognised her immediately. He gasped and shut the pages in shock as he saw what Michelle's daughter was doing.
After a minute or so to gather himself from the disgraceful assault on his eyes, he opened it up again. This time he managed a few seconds before he had to avert his eyes. And the next time, he managed even longer.
The next day, after a four-hour drive, Michelle and Clive were parked about one hundred yards down the street from Shannon's shop. Clive had tried to ascertain what Michelle had in mind, but she was not in the mood for sharing.
He had hoped she might have shown a little more gratitude, given he'd taken the day off work solely to drive her here. Clive did try to be a good neighbour, a good friend. He supposed he was doing god's work.
It was most disconcerting, though, that every time his eyes closed, he was immediately seeing Michelles daughter. Smiling like it was the most normal thing in the world as her most private parts were recorded for that disgusting magazine.
Clive found his eyes closing more than they usually would at lunchtime.
"Listen," he offered, after they had sat there in silence for the best part of an hour. "What's your plan here? Is there anything I can do to help?"
"I don't know!" Michelle snapped. "I'm thinking, OK?"
Clive needed some air, and to put some distance between himself and Michelle -- hopefully that might give her a chance to decide what she actually wanted. Maybe she'd remember Clive was doing her a favour.
"Listen, tell you what. I'll go in there and buy a paper or something. You say Shannon will definitely be working now?"
"Who knows what she's doing," Michelle said sharply. As he made his way down the street to the little newsagents Clive reminded himself how hard this must be for her. He was sure Michelle was a nice person; it was just this unbearable situation she'd been put in.
The girl behind the counter girl definitely wasn't Shannon. Much as he told himself not to, he'd been drawn back to the pictures of her in that sordid publication again and again last night. So, Clive was very familiar with Shannon's face, and indeed every other part of her body.
This, he reasoned, must be the one. The enemy, persona non-grata. Emily Stainthorpe.
"Hi." Clive had expected her to be older looking. Michelle said she had a son -- married to Shannon. She couldn't be older than thirty, she was so...
"Hello," he said politely. Glancing around the shop, he noted the large magazine display to his left, and walked over.
When he bought 'Razzle' for Michelle yesterday, there had only been a handful of other magazines on display. This shop had two long rows, with all sorts of magazines. All had a scantily clad woman on the cover.
Clive wasn't sure what to do next.
Emily liked these ones. He wasn't a regular, but it was very clear what he wanted from the way he'd made a beeline for the top shelf.
Clive heard the tapping of high heels approaching. He tried to make out like he was looking at the gardening magazines.
"Anything in particular you are looking for?" Emily had a nice, warm voice. He wouldn't have guessed what a harlot she was.
"I... Oh, just having a browse," he said, trying to sound casual.
"Right." Emily was going to have some fun. "Would you like me to make some recommendations? I know what's been selling well. How about this?"
Clive was suddenly holding another copy of 'Razzle'.
"I'll let you in on a little secret," the breathy, attractive voice continued. "That beauty there, on the cover. She's my daughter-in-law!"
Clive could feel the pride with which Emily made this revelation. It was genuine. He tried to feel forgiveness -- that was the Christian thing to do. But she seemed so damned happy and content, it was hard.
"Oh! So, you must be... Emily Stainthorpe? It says here that Shannon is your daughter."
"Yeah, that's just to sell copies. Cater to you guys and your dirty minds. But it's not that far from the truth. Go on, have a look -- I don't mind!" She nodded down.
Robotically, Clive opened the magazine. As per the previous hundred times he'd done this, he went straight for the centrefold.
"Look at that!" Clive's guilt wrestled with his keen interest in looking again, and his eyes won out. There was no such conflict in Emily's eyes. She looked at Michelle's daughter with clear admiration, shaking her head slightly.
"What a perfect body. And she's such a lovely person. Honestly, I feel lucky to know her. Will you be taking a copy?"
"Oh, no, I don't think so. She's lovely, but I'm old enough to be her father -- maybe even her grandfather!"
"Well, I don't think she'd mind! Tell you what though," Emily reached up and handed him a different magazine, putting Razzle back in place.
Clive looked at the cover. 'Wet and Open', it said. Emily leaned over and flicked it open for him. He felt her chest squash against his arm.
In a daze he looked down. There was the lovely Emily. She was wearing some sort of tiny dress made out of shiny black material.
Emily may have been making videos recently, but that hadn't stopped her prolific modelling for the camera club. As usual she featured in several magazines this month.
"Hang on two ticks!" she smiled as a customer came in, leaving Clive standing there with his eyes glued to Emily. By the time she returned he felt faint. He'd assumed Shannon's photoset was as explicit as it got, but this was another level.
That's a good one," Emily grinned, noting Clive was staring at her stretched open hole, glistening with juice. "Come on, I think you've found what you were looking for, right" She led him over to the counter and he followed on autopilot.
"Listen," Emily whispered dramatically, although there was nobody else in the shop. "Can you keep a secret?"
He didn't even respond. Just stared at her. She continued anyway.
"It's quite expensive, but I've got something really special here." She reached under the counter.
*******
"What took you so long?" Michelle sounded almost accusatory.
"Well Shannon is not working today. But Emily is. She's a lot more... I mean, she's not at all... anyway, look at this."
Clive had thrown his newspaper on the back seat, taking care to keep the copy of 'Wet and Open' concealed as he did so. He was going to research that in a bit more detail later. But he handed the video cassette to Michelle solemnly.
"What..." Michelle looked the cover over and flipped to the back. "Oh my... Oh no! This is disgusting!"
"I know," Clive agreed.
"This is what she does! This is what she's like! A complete harlot!"
"Yes," nodded Clive.
"Do you know, I think this is it. I think this is what we came here for. Clive, this kind of thing must be illegal, isn't it?"
"I don't really know."
"Well never mind -- this is good work Clive -- thank you! Now, can you take us to the top end of the street please -- I'll tell you where to stop."
Feeling pleased to have finally received some recognition for his efforts, Clive followed Michelle's directions. They pulled up outside the police station.
*******
Two weeks later, Emily got a call.
"It's me. I think you'd better come down here." Shannon's voice sounded serious enough to make Emily obey without question and she headed straight over. She felt a sinking feeling as she saw the police car parked outside the shop.