Be sure to read part 1: Conservative Wife Shows off if you haven't already. Part 2 starts the next morning.
***
From Eric's bed I watched my wife Lisa's heart shaped ass swing from side to side, as she peeked demurely at the camera in the corner on her way to the shower. My cock was standing at attention after my recent discovery that my friend had watched us fuck last night on his security system camera. To my surprise however, after her initial embarrassment upon hearing that Eric had seen her slutty performance, Lisa seemed as if she was suddenly ok with it. She made no attempt at hiding her body as she strolled leisurely to the bathroom. She had to know that my old college bud could still be watching, but still she took her time and even paused and looked up at the camera. Her firm round breasts swayed enticingly and her pink nipples were swollen and stiff.
I found my hand wrapped around the base of my cock stroking it slowly, before remembering the camera. I quickly let go and it slapped hard against my abs, embarrassed for some reason that Eric might see me touching myself. An odd reaction I thought, considering how much I liked knowing that he had watched me fuck my wife just a few hours earlier.
I wanted nothing more than to follow Lisa to the shower, and to bend her over and sink my throbbing dick into her warm, wet depths, but I managed to resist somehow. Instead, I slipped on a pair of gym shorts and went to enjoy my coffee in the kitchen.
By the time Lisa appeared the smell of bacon and eggs frying filled the room, and my erection had retreated back to its flaccid state. That was short lived however. She was wearing a tiny white bikini containing barely enough material to cover her nipples on top, and if she wasn't shaved down below her pubes would surely be sticking out the sides. As it was I could clearly see the outline of her camel toe. In the back there was only a thin strip of material, most of it trapped between her firm ass cheeks. Instant hard on!!
I couldn't believe that my formerly timid wife would buy such a thing, much less that she intended to wear it in public. But here she was ready to hit the beach.
We took our breakfast out to the porch and enjoyed the tropical breeze as we ate. She gazed at the lush green landscape, while my attention was split between the lovely view, and the even lovelier view of my sexy wife lounging outdoors with hardly anything covering her ample charms.
Lisa was unusually quiet as we ate, and knowing her as I do I could tell she had something on her mind. As I set my plate aside and quietly sipped my coffee she finally spoke. When she did it all came tumbling out. "Baby, I'm sorry if I embarrassed you last night," she pouted. "I had no idea your friend had cameras in the house. I was just so horny after everything that happened on the trip down, and I attacked you not knowing he was watching everything. I am so embarrassed, I don't know how I will ever be able to face him!"
I slowly sipped my coffee and gathered my thoughts, sensing that her apology might just be her way of saying she was ready to talk about this new aspect to our sex lives. "It's ok baby. You didn't do anything wrong. Trust me, the Eric I remember wasn't shocked or offended in the least. He was probably stroking his big donkey dick while he watched, assuming he didn't have one of his women there taking care of it for him."
"Do you really think so?" she breathed as the words began spilling out again. "Oh my god, I don't know why this excites me so much, but my pussy just twitched when you said that! Do you really think he was touching himself while he watched us fuck, and just how big is "the Don's" cock anyway?" (I had told her that his nickname in college was Don, because his dick was rumored to be as big as a Donkey.)
"I never saw it hard" I said. "But he was definitely the biggest guy in the locker room by far. It seemed like even limp it hung half way to his knees." I noticed that her nipples were swollen and stiff against the thin white material of her bikini top, and her breath was becoming ragged.
I couldn't resist reaching out and tweaking a nipple between my thumb and finger. Her body jerked involuntarily and a low moan escaped her lips. "Mmmmm, Baby don't tease me. I'm so horny right now! I feel so dirty, and embarrassed knowing your hunky friend saw me being such a slut, but at the same time my pussy is so wet." Her middle finger had found its way to her clit and she was rubbing it slowly over the thin material of her suit.
My cock was straining against my shorts, and Lisa was staring straight at it as her fingers gained speed. "Take it out," she commanded, and I hurried to obey. My cock sprang free as I dropped my shorts and stepped out of them. Lisa licked her lips invitingly as I moved closer, lapping gently at the precum leaking from the engorged head before taking me into her warm, soft mouth.
"So you like the idea of Don getting turned on by watching you in action huh?" She let my stiff cock pop from her mouth as she looked up at me and moaned a breathy "Yeeesss I do, I do like it! I don't know why, but it turns me on knowing that your friends first impression of me, was that I am a dirty little cock hungry little cumslut. God it makes me so wet!" Her fingers had found their way underneath the skimpy bikini bottoms, and I noted that the material around her knuckles was now soaked and quite transparent.
Lisa never talks like this, I thought. The woman I know would slap someone's face if they dared call her a slut, much less a cock hungry cumslut! Yet here she was describing herself in that way, and saying that she liked being thought of in that way no less.
I leaned down as I untied the skimpy top and took a swollen nipple between a thumb and finger in each hand. "There are cameras on the porch too you know" I whispered, as I rolled and pinched her stiff nipples roughly. She looked around wildly before spotting the tinted dome covering the camera just above the door. Her fingers plunged wantonly in and out of her pussy, making loud squishy sounds as her eyes fluttered shut. I smeared some precum on her cheek before she turned her head and greedily sucked my throbbing cock back into her mouth, moaning loudly as she did.
Her head was bobbing in time with her fingers, as her moans took on a higher pitch. Saliva and precum were dripping down her chin, and onto her chest as she attacked my swollen member. "I wonder if he is watching?" I croaked. I could feel the cum building in my balls, inching its way up the shaft as my cock twitched in her warm, wet mouth. "I hope so. I want him to see what a sexy little slut I married. I want him to want what I have, to want to feel that hot little mouth for himself. I want him to be so jealous that he shoots a big steaming hot load of cum all over his belly while he watches you suck my cock dry baby."
The dirty talk must have been turning her on. Her moans became muffled screams as her orgasm hit hard. At the same time my balls drew up tight and I felt the first hot spurts of molten sperm enter her mouth as her cheeks ballooned under the pressure. She coughed and spit my cock out, but not before a trail of thick white goo escaped her lips and dripped from her chin. She fell back gasping for air, the cum still puddled on her tongue as she rode out her orgasm. I continued to shoot ropes of steaming juice onto her face and chest as my knees turned to jelly. Her fingers were ramming in and out of her drenched pussy as fast as she could move them, then with a final shrill wail she shoved them in as far as she could and held them there as her body convulsed wildly.
It may have been mere seconds, or it could have been minutes later when my eyes began to focus again. I was sitting back in one of the big wooden rockers with my cock still in my hand, leaving a slimy trail along my belly as it deflated. Lisa was slumped lewdly on the wicker loveseat directly in front of me, looking like a porn star after a hard day's work. Her face had a string of cum dangling from her chin to her right nipple, and she was slowly smearing the hot liquid around, coating her breasts and swollen nipples with a shiny glaze. Her legs were splayed wide and her pussy was wet, red, and swollen. She was facing the camera with a glazed look in her eyes, and a naughty smirk on her lips, as if she knew a secret that no one else knew.
I struggled to find my words. " Fuck baby! That was amazing!"
She looked at me, as if noticing that I was still there for the first time, then with a dreamy look she stuck two slippery fingers in her mouth, gathering more cum from her face as she did.
When Lisa headed for the shower for the second time, I thought about the changes I was seeing in her on this trip. My conservative little Tennessee housewife was becoming a nympho right before my eyes, thanks to her newly discovered interest in showing off her body. It all started with the truck driver seeing me with my fingers buried in her pussy on the way down. Rather than being embarrassed half to death and yelling at me like I expected, she had practically raped me as soon as we got to Eric's house. Then the next morning when she learned that Eric had seen us fuck on the security camera in his bedroom, she actually seemed proud. Then there was the porch...
I decided to give Eric a call, just to see if he mentioned it. "Hey Bro, how's it hangin?"
" Hanging? It's pointing at the ceiling at the moment, and getting damned uncomfortable" he laughed. "My god man she can't get enough can she? Damn you are one lucky man!"
"So I guess you must have been watching again you perv." I chuckled.
"My meetings this afternoon got cancelled, so I was looking for an earlier flight, and while I was at it I thought I'd check in on you two on the iPad, and see what that sexy little vixen of yours was up to this morning. She was just coming out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel when I signed in, then she dropped the towel right in front of the camera. Damn man that girl has a body to die for!"
"Oh, so I guess you logged off immediately" I laughed.
"Yep, right after she went back to the bathroom to wash the cum off."
My cock was stirring again in my shorts. Damn what's the matter with me that it turns me on so much for my friend to see my sexy wife in action?
"I'm glad you enjoyed the show, you big perv. I know she sure seems to get off on the idea of being watched, which is something new that I am just discovering about her."
"Well I can't wait to get home then! Maybe she will give me a private show" he laughed.
Suddenly a picture flashed in mind's eye. More like a short film actually.
In it Lisa was standing in Eric's bedroom dressed in her sheer white crotchless teddy. She was swaying sensuously as her hands roamed the soft curves of her body. Eric was sitting in the chair in the corner watching her with a faint smile on his lips. Her hands slowly caressed the firm globes of her breasts, pausing to tweak her hard nipples as she performed her seductive dance for my friend. As she drifted closer to him I noticed the huge bulge in his shorts for the first time. When she had closed the distance between them sufficiently Eric suddenly reached around with his left hand and cupped her ass cheek. As he pulled her to him he leaned in and licked her shiny wet pussy from back to front making her body shiver. Suddenly my daydream was broken.
"Hey Bro, where did you go? Did I lose you? I hope I didn't overstep and offend you man. You know I'm only kidding around, right?"
My cock was straining against my shorts from the vision I had just experienced, and it took a few seconds to find my voice again. When I finally did, what I said even surprised me.
"No, it's all good Eric. Actually I was just wondering, considering how out of character Lisa has been acting since we got here, whether she might actually enjoy putting on a little show for you in person. I mean I don't think she would consider it, but then again she did say she thought you were a hottie, and knowing you watched us fuck sure seems to be having a powerful effect on her. One that I am enjoying very much!"
"Well in that case you know me, I'm always glad to help out a friend" he laughed.
"Yeah, you're so fucking unselfish" I joked. "But seriously, I wonder if she would like showing off for you? Honestly if she was ok with it I wouldn't mind. It would be hot as hell actually."
He was quiet for a minute before answering. When he did his voice had taken on a more serious tone.
"If you are serious bro, I'd love the chance to get a close up look at your wife's considerable charms. But you do realize that sort of thing could easily get out of hand right? I mean she is a very sexy woman, and I am only human after all."
Now it was my turn to consider where this was going. On the one hand Eric was right. Lisa had already told me that she was attracted to him, and as turned on as she was getting by her newly discovered love of exhibitionism, she might want him to do more than look.
On the other hand, my cock was so stiff it was beginning to hurt at the thought of what might happen between them. In the end my little head won out.
"She is a big girl, and as long as she is into it I would be ok with whatever happened. Honestly I don't know if she would be up anything, especially with me there. She would probably kick my ass if she knew I was saying any of this. But maybe if you had some time alone with her..."
"So just to be clear, you want your wife to let me see her body, and if something more happens you are ok with that too? What if we get carried away and I wind up fucking her?"
"I seriously doubt that she would let things go that far. She really is very straight laced, but if that's what she wanted and things got carried away I think I would understand. I mean we have been exclusive all these years, and I know without a doubt that she loves me and would never leave me, so if she decided she wanted a little strange to spice things up I wouldn't object as long as she was honest about it. Hell, if there was some way I could watch I would totally get off on it! I would love to see her in action if I could be a fly on the wall!"
"Just so you are sure Bro. I mean I do have a way with the ladies you know. As for watching, you could always use the password for my security system to log in and watch. It even picks up sound."
"Wow, so I could hear everything too! I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I want to do it. I'd need to find an excuse to leave you two alone for a while, but I'm sure that could be arranged. Let me think about it today, and we will talk more after you get home."
After hanging up, I was a bundle of nerves. What the hell was I thinking? Setting up my horny little vixen to be alone with "The Don." Giving him the ok to try and seduce her. What the fuck! Still the thought of getting to watch them together was making me so hard it felt like my cock could cut glass.
I was still thinking about the possibilities when Lisa reappeared on the porch, this time dressed in a yellow bikini even smaller than the white one she had on earlier. When she saw the bulge in my shorts she did a double take. "My goodness aren't we randy" she said.
"Just thinking about my sexy little lover babe, and how much fun this new game of ours is turning out to be."
"Yeah about that, I'm not sure we should be doing this baby. Honestly it is so exciting, but so wrong. God, when I finally meet Eric how am I gonna face him knowing he has seen us having sex? What is he going to think? I will be mortified knowing he is probably picturing me naked when we meet."
"Well it just so happens that I already know what he thinks. He said that you have a body to die for, and he wishes that you would give him a private show in person."
She blushed and looked away, too embarrassed to look into my eyes. "Oh my God, did he really say that? Didn't it make you mad?"
"Why would it make me mad? I'm proud that you are mine, and honestly knowing that the class stud from my college days is lusting after my sexy wife is really quite flattering. After all, this is the guy that could have any woman he wanted when I knew him, and knowing that he wants you so bad is kind of flattering for me in a weird twisted way. I would really like it if you teased him a bit when he gets here."
"Shut up! I could never do that with your old friend. He would think I was some kind of a slut."
"He is a very open minded guy baby, not someone who would judge you. Besides every man wants a lady in the streets, and a slut in the sheets" I smirked.
She poked me in the side and said 'go get ready for the beach you pervert."
From there we spent a few hours on the beach working on our tans. Of course Lisa got a lot of admiring looks from an assortment of men, and even a few women. I could tell she enjoyed the attention, but decided not to mention it to her, choosing instead to play it safe.
When we had enough sun we decided to try a little beachfront Pub nearby called The Beachcomber.
We ordered fried shrimp and flounder and a couple of beers to wash them down. As we ate we were mostly quiet, each lost in our own thoughts. As the second round of drinks arrived I casually mentioned that Eric was booking an earlier flight than expected, so he could arrive home at any time.
"God, I will be mortified when I meet him" she whined. "After the show we put on last night, he has seen every inch of me, including the most private parts. Then this morning..." she trailed off.
"Well I guess you'd better drink up then lover. Nothing like a good beer buzz to take the edge off" I teased.
"About what you said earlier babe, you know about me showing off to Eric. Did you really mean that? I mean I am your wife! How could you possibly be ok with that?"
Here it comes I thought. I had better choose my words carefully.
"Lisa you know that I love you more than anything in the world, and I believe that you feel the same about me. I would never want you to do anything that I thought might risk our relationship. You mean too much to me to ever do that. But for some reason that I can't explain, seeing you get so turned on at the thought of showing off your sexy body to other men drives me wild! I think it's seeing you so lost to your lust, giving in to those taboo desires and just letting go of your inhibitions. It is like a drug, and I can't seem to get enough."
She looked deep into my eyes for a long moment before she spoke. "I am your wife baby. We took a vow to be true to each other. I feel like this would be cheating."
"It's only cheating if you were doing it behind my back baby. Lying would be wrong, hiding it would be wrong, but if it's something that we both enjoy and we are totally honest and open with each other about it, maybe it's not. I mean it's a game that we play together because it is exciting and taboo." My cock was stirring again in my shorts.
"Well I could never do something like that intentionally. What would your friend think of me? He already thinks I am a slut."
I couldn't believe that she was actually considering this. "Baby I would never ask you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable, but just know that if the opportunity presents itself and you want to tease Eric while we are here that I am fine with it."
"What if things get out of hand? What if he tries to touch me?" she whispered across the table.
"Eric may be a bit of a manwhore, but he is not the type to push himself on anyone. He would never do anything that you didn't want him to."
She looked down, unable to meet my eyes and she whispered "But what if I did want him to touch me? What if I get so turned on from showing my body to him that things get out of control?"
"Whatever happens baby, you have my permission. I will love you no matter what."
She looked up staring lovingly into my eyes. "I love you more than anything baby, and I always will. I won't make any promises, but we will see how it goes once I meet The Don," she said with a sexy smirk.
With that we paid our tab and headed back to Eric's. He still hadn't arrived, so we decided to take an afternoon nap. As we lay spooning my mind wouldn't stop racing, as my stiff cock nestled against her plump ass. Finally, at some point I drifted off to sleep.
Sometime later around dusk I woke to the sound of the front door closing. I slipped out of bed and greeted my old friend with a bear hug. He hadn't changed a bit. Still tall and buff, with that disarming grin and those piercing blue eyes. I remember thinking that I must be crazy encouraging my wife to show off her sexy body to this stud. But at the same time I couldn't deny the excitement of the adventure I had set in motion.
To be continued