I've started this new fantasy, based on a real need for a new editor. I'm not sure where it will go yet, but have several more chapters in mind, but who knows where one's mind, or libido, may take on. Enjoy, and please leave comments and votes. As always, all rights reserved by the author.
*****
I was getting desperate. My long-time editor went and got herself married to a jealous, but rich older man, who made her quit her editing job. My next manuscript was due in two weeks, and I hadn't found a suitable editor; and my success as a writer of erotica depended on the feedback from my editor. I was sure of it.
I had gone through nearly a dozen volunteers at online websites, but none of the volunteers met my expectations. On a whim, I had placed an ad on the bulletin board of the local university in the Lit department. I offered $250 for the editing job, half up front after a rigorous interview, and half when finished. I wanted a female editor; if good, she could provide me with that much needed female perspective. But, in this century, I had to be gender neutral in my advertising. The response to my ad was surprising. I had eight volunteers, five of which were girls.
Utilizing skills and tools from my many years working deep internet security, I obtained a very deep view of each of their presences on the web. I was particularly intrigued with three applicants, all of whom I'd found regularly visited porn sites, both video and written. As much as I had been hoping for a prospect, I was stunned to find out I had three candidates. Even one of the guys intrigued me, as he had an online presence on a chat line where he engaged in echat with several women, using a tag line indicating an extra-large penis. The pictures he shared certainly affirmed his tag. He was huge. So, I added him to my list of prospects, not expecting to hire him as my editor, but to satisfy other more nefarious and lecherous ideas that were popping up in my erotica driven brain.
Among the girls, Celeste intrigued me the most. She was working on a graduate degree in Psychology after getting her BA in Political Science. Her online presence in the eland of erotica indicated a sexual desire for her father. She seemed to be a relatively passive participant online, although many of her favorited videos went to some extremes including anal, bondage, slut behavior. As near as I could tell, she only read online erotica, watched porn, and download steamy xxx romances to her iPad. Much of the content focused on May-September relationships with an older man. Her pictures showed a diminutive Eurasian girl with oversized breasts for her under 5' frame. While several of her pictures were sexy, and somewhat revealing, I could find nothing that would be considered racy in the world wide web.
Joanne, my third candidate was quite active sexually on the internet, video chatted regularly with a boyfriend who appeared to be several years older than her. Without them knowing I was lurking, I was able to watch multiple sessions of them getting off together. I, of course, fully enjoyed her shows as she regularly used a large vibrator to fuck her pussy for her boyfriend, and me, to watch. Her occasional journeys into the world of sex on the internet were pretty generic and revealed no deep secrets or fetishes. She was slightly overweight, but her obviously sensitive nipples made up for that. When she was aroused, they stuck out nearly an inch, and she regularly played with them for us to watch. But, what really got me off about her was her naughty words for her boyfriend as she fingered herself to squirting orgasms. I came myself, every time I watched her.
Juliet, was the final candidate that I liked. She didn't have much of a presence online, which surprised me for a girl in her twenties. Late twenties to be exact. She had an online social media page, but it was woefully out of date. Her professional profile indicated a girl with a generic BA degree looking for a job. In her less than detailed photos she looked like someone who stayed fit. I don't know why I picked her for an interview, other that her online profile implied some urgency for an income, and she looked cute.
I scheduled interviews with all the volunteers. I made sure to schedule my four prime candidates for last. I had each candidate sign a non-disclosure agreement that stipulated that they would be reading adult material and having a conversation about editing such material. The first two candidates were girls, and both excused themselves without signing the agreement, with my thanks of course. The next two interviews were with the other two guys. While they were willing to sign the agreement, their eagerness was a little over the top for my taste, and I mentally crossed them off the list.
Juliet, one of the other remaining girls was next. I looked her over as she read the NDA. Her lack of a presence online was especially for a girl well into her twenties. Late twenties to be exact. Her real-life presence was much more compelling in person than her pictures on Facebook. An elegant looking sweater hugged her breasts, allowing me a really good assessment as to their size. Her yoga pants ensured that I had a view of every muscle and tendon in her legs and ass. Her camel toe was evident through her tight yoga pants. She presented a very nice package. When she looked up at me after reading the main gist of the NDA, she caught me staring at her chest.
She smiled, and when my eyes met hers, she looked straight into mine as she asked, "Do you write porn? Is that what you need an editor for?" She then scribbled her signature on the NDA and handed it back to me. "So, is it?"
"That would be a 'yes,'" I answered. Her smile widened and her eyes oozed eagerness. I continued, "It's quite apparent that the idea of editing porn appeals to you. Why is that?"
Before she could answer, a blush rose from the v-cut sweater and moved up her neck to delightfully redden her cheeks. "Oh, my gawd," she stammered. "Is it that obvious?"
"That would also be a 'yes.'"
"Well, this is a bit embarrassing."
"What's to be embarrassed about. I just admitted to writing porn. Many would think I should be embarrassed for that; if not shamed."
"Well, I guess you're right. Ya' see. Because that's it; I write porn, too. But mine is not very good. In fact, it's pretty bad."
"Why do you say that? What makes porn good or bad, anyway? Have you had a professor lecture you on those qualities, like they have about the classics?
She laughed. "Well, no. But porn is supposed to arouse the reader, stimulate their sexuality. Get them horny! And eventually help them masturbate to an orgasm. I mean. Right?"
Surprised by her succinct depiction of one of the main reasons for reading porn, I agreed with her and asked her how she knew hers wasn't any good.
"It doesn't turn people on. Apparently, it's boring."
I was intrigued by Juliette and found myself wanting this to go further. All of a sudden, I had a real candidate for my editing. Wondering how she would respond, I cut to the chase. "So, if you write porn, but it's bad, then why should I think you would be a good editor for me?"
She paused, obviously contemplating. After fifteen or twenty seconds, she answered. "I'm pretty sure that question is part of my interview, so I can give you at least three reasons. Firstly, I've read a lot of porn. I've been reading online porn since I was fourteen. I'm 28 now so that gives me quite a bit of experience. And I certainly know which porn gets me off and what doesn't."
"Ok."
"Secondly, the fact that I can read four or five stories online before my pussy is creaming wet and begging for one of my toys. So, you can rest assured that I have the mental fortitude to actually complete the task before my mind." She paused, then continued, "Actually before my pussy wanders too far."
"Ok. And?"
"Well, thirdly, I think what a good porn writer needs in an editor is someone who can obviously check for grammar and sentence and paragraph construction. And, if it is a long story or a novel, the editor needs to help the author keep the plot line and characters believable and consistent. And, especially for a male editor such as yourself, a female editor must be able to advise the author on how well the story meets its intent. And, since I love to read porn, and I love to talk about sex, I can be your editor and tell you all about how I reacted to it."
"Well, okay then. That's a lot to consider. So, do you have a private location where you can do the editing without any interruption?"
She looked around my nice office, which included a comfy couch before she answered. "Well, yes I do, but I can also do it here. That couch looks comfortable enough." Before I could even respond to that, she added, "That way, you can actually observe my reaction to your writing. What could be better feedback than that? And, yes, I realize what that means. If you are as good a writer as I think you are, I am going to get aroused while reading your material. And I am eventually going to get myself off while reading your stuff. And, I certainly hope you will be paying rapt attention to me as I do so."
Her view of the editing job exceeded even my fantasy job description and she immediately climbed to the top of my list. But there were still interviews to be done. I handed her a portion of my manuscript, and suggested she read it privately, and give me some feedback. I wrote my cell number on it and sent her on her way.
Joanne was the second to come in for her interview. She readily signed the NDA, barely reading it. As soon as I closed the door to my office, she was stripping her clothes off. Before I knew it, she was standing in front of me, her naked pussy full displayed. I asked what she was doing, and she responded, "You wanted me to sign an NDA, because you intend to fuck me and pay me. Right?"
"No, that is not why I had you sign the NDA. I can say that after seeing your online porn with your boyfriend, fucking you is certainly a desire of mine. But, honestly, I am looking for an editor."
"For real? Wow. That'd be cool. Wait. You saw my online stuff. That's supposed to be private. So, you've seen me..." I nodded.
She continued. "Shit, oh, well, I can really use the money and would love to edit for you. And whatever else," she added, spreading her legs and jutting her hips forward to ensure my full understanding. As if a porn writer has trouble imagining fucking a hot babe many years younger.
I considered diving in right then and there. With her thighs spread wide, it was quite evident to me that her pussy was already wet. I asked, still pinching myself to ensure I understood the signals she was sending me. "Did you really come here expecting to fuck me and leave with some money? You actually thought I was trying to hire you as a sexual playmate?"
"Well, yeah!"
Do you do this often? Have sex for money?"
"Oh, gawd, NO!"
"But, you came here ready to do it with me. Explain."
"Mmmmm," she hesitated. "You see, I told my boyfriend about your editor request, and he dared me to do it. I was sure you were just looking for a fuck for money, and I desperately need some money. I lost my job last week, and my rent is due. And, after my boyfriend dared me, I took the next step and applied. And then you turn out to be a handsome older gentleman; which is one of my fantasies. Truth be told, I want you to fuck me. I am so horny. Video sex just isn't enough for me."
"Wow! OK! When is your rent due?" I asked, stalling while debating internally how I was going to respond to this opportunity.
"It's due next Monday." Five days away.
"Look," I said. "I intend to finish my interviews over the next two days; so, you will know whether or not you get the editing job. That said, you are a delectable babe, and I certainly am interested in your offer. But, let's see how the job opportunity goes, before you do something you might regret later. Here is one of my manuscripts. Why don't you take it home, and review it, being prepared to report back to me as if you were editing it. And hopefully, it might give you some relief from your horniness. Thanks for your time." I didn't think she'd make the cut, but I wasn't about to shorten the process now. Not without a good fuck.
An hour later Celeste was in my office, having signed the NDA. Several questions out of the way, and with her full understanding of the role, I was surprised that she hadn't revealed much of her personal life. "So, what is the background of your online persona? Do you have desires for your daddy?"
"Oh my gawd. You know about that?"
"HMMM. Yes. I do background checks. Nowadays, one can find out a lot about a person from the internet. From your surfing history, you have a fixation on older men. Tell me why?"
"Is this part of the interview? I have no problem editing your porn, or erotica as you call it in the NDA, so how does my online presence impact that?" She smiled sweetly and flitted her eyelashes at me, clearly indicating she knew just how much it did apply.
"Let's say my writing ventures into many areas of sexuality, some of which people might consider to be a taboo subject."
"The simple answer, then, is that I am into older men. I learned early on that very few men under the age of thirty really know how to pleasure a woman. Every older man I've been with has pleasured me tremendously."
"I see. And how many is that? Older men, I mean?"
"Well, just one, but he really knows how to give me what I need."
"And this relates to your online persona how?"
"My daddy called me that. My step-dad actually. Only one I've known. As I went through puberty, I became fixated on him, and eventually I was masturbating about him. Now, here I am at 21 with my desire for him totally unrequited. After all I am his princess."
"I take it you have wanted something to happen all along."
"Duh!"
Changing direction before it got to deep, I asked, "Why do you want this job?"
"Well, first, I could use the money. But, secondly, I abhor reading bad porn online, and if I can make it better, I want to."
"Ok, then. Here. This is a manuscript. My phone number is on the back. Call me when you are ready to give me the appropriate feedback." She took the manuscript and left with a wide grin on her face.
Jason, the guy claiming to be well endowed, arrived an hour later. Jason was his real name, and he was an amazingly nice guy. When I asked about his online presence, he laughed, saying he figured if he had it, he should flaunt it, acknowledging that he had no problem getting pussy. When I asked him why he wanted to be my editor, his answer surprised me. "Well, you see I have no problem getting women, it's the pleasing them I'm not so good at. I was hoping that by editing the slutty romances that women read, maybe I could learn to be a better lover."
"Mmmm. Ok." I hadn't expected that answer at all. Remembering my early attempts at pleasing a woman, I could understand his concern. So, given what you now know, are you still interested in the job?" A really naughty plan was hatching in my brain; one that involved several of my candidates. I had started the process, basically to find one good female editor. I now had three reasonably good female candidates, and one good male candidate. I found myself considering hiring all of them. Not that I needed all of them; one would do. But the potential for some very interesting side benefits was front and center in my brain. I was fantasizing about times when all of my editors might be involved in some form of an orgy with me. Fortunately, I could afford all of them if I wanted to, whether I needed them or not.
I asked Jason several more questions to ferret out how good he might be as an editor. His answers were less than exciting, but he said enough to keep himself on my short list. As with the others, I gave him a manuscript, and asked him to get back to me.
Later that evening, after supper and my usual stint in front of the TV watching the daily news reports, I put on my comfy pajamas and settled down to do some more writing; my usual pastime before bed. It was a bit after 8, when my cell phone rang. I didn't recognize the number but answered it anyway.
It was Joanne, who instantly apologized for calling so late, and asked if we could chat. Smiling at my late-night luck; after all I always enjoyed chatting with a young lady late at night, especially about porn; I accepted her apology. She quickly explained that she had read my material and had found it to be very good. When I asked if her observation was based on her own definition of 'good' porn, she answered, "Oh, yes! Absolutely!" I've been masturbating for the past hour and have orgasmed at least three times. It's good!"
I was wondering where this was headed, as I responded, "I'm glad to hear that. If you're calling to give me direct feedback, I kinda' expected it in the form of a marked-up copy of the manuscript and a verbal reaction to the content."
"Yeah. I kind of figured that, but here's my problem. I've met you and I've read your porn writings. I am having fantasies and desires about you, now. I've read a lot of porn, and I always get off with good porn, but as I read yours, which as I said, is very good, I was wetter than ever, and my mind was thinking about the things I wanted to do with you?"
My cock responded, twitching in my pants, realizing that at a minimum, I was about to have some really delicious lewd dialogue with Joanne. "And what kind of things that might be?"
"Well, you know how you character in the story, Julie, seduces her next door neighbor by talking dirty with him while sunbathing by his pool. The idea that he had been fucking her mother for months really turned me on. Anyway, I am imagining sitting by a pool near you, reading a steamy dirty romance novel. I catch you looking at me. My pussy is already wet because of what I was reading, and the idea of you, an older gentleman staring at my crotch, lewdly I might add, only adds to my horniness. So, you see, I want to work for you, but not unless you give me permission to live out my fantasies with you. May I?"
Thinking quickly, I asked, "Are you willing to come over right now to continue to discuss the terms of your employment? Oh, yes, by the way, I want you in a skirt and blouse without underwear. Can you do that? I'll text you my address. The front door will be unlocked. Let yourself in, if you are willing to take the next step."
"Oh, yes sir. I'll be there. Sir!"
When she arrived, I was in my den in my lounge chair. I had positioned another chair directly opposite, and I told Joanne to sit in it. I gave her one of my stories about female submission to an older man and told her to read it silently. I then took my seat and started reading a story about the taking of a young teenager by her uncle, written by one of my favorite authors. As she sat down, I ogled her, knowing that was what she desired. I told her to unbutton her nearly see-through blouse, which she did willingly.
"As you read this manuscript, I want you to tell me what is happening whenever you get to parts of the story that truly increases your arousal level. Otherwise, just read silently. And you may, of course, do whatever makes you feel good when you are reading porn." As she relaxed in the chair, I dropped my slacks and stood in front of her stroking my semi-hard cock. "I am going to be reading some hot porn myself. It will be interesting what gets me more aroused, what I'm reading, or what I'm hearing and seeing."
"Mmmm. Yes, it will," she acknowledged as she took the manuscript from me.
We settled back in our chairs and started reading. I positioned my tablet in such a way that her crotch was in my line of sight right above the top of my tablet. We had only been reading for a couple minutes when she spread her legs apart, exposing her already wet pussy. "Just so you know," she said. "I was already sopping wet down here," pointing at her crotch. "Before I even called you. I am already extremely aroused, just from the thought of living this out with you. And, oh my gawd, your cock is beautiful."
I stared at her, and she got the message. "Reading now," she said, dropping her eyes back to the manuscript. I settled in and started reading my selected story for the evening.
I had intentionally selected a story for me and a manuscript for her that had a slow, and hopefully intriguing, story line to allow our libidos to grow slowly. In the plot line, the niece had lost her parents in a tragic accident and had lived with uncle and his wife for several years; so, it was the only home she knew. I was several minutes into my story before the uncle had even decided to take his 19 YO niece as a slave/slut. She had been misbehaving badly for the last six months. She had been a royal terror, and the wife caught her stealing money. The uncle's wife had suggested she be spanked for her outrageous behavior. He did and when the niece got turned on by it, they took it to the next step, punishing her sexually. The niece had consented to the punishment when she found out that she could be sent back home. My cock was hardening as I read about the wife tying up the niece.
I glanced over the top of tablet and saw Joanne sliding her fingers across her nipples in a light brushing action. Her nipples were very hard, and I could tell she was enjoying the sensation of her light caresses. I returned to my story to read about the wife's enjoyment in pinching the niece's nipples and clit while she was tied up.
Joanne spoke. "The man is tying the girl up now. I started getting turned on by the story when the girl noticed that her client, the homeowner, was watching her as she cleaned his house. Then when he offered her $100 bonus if she did it in the nude, my pussy was starting to cream. The thought of being paid to strut around in front of man in a sexy way really gets to me. And, when she agreed to let him tie her up, my juices started oozing from my cunt. I so badly want to play with myself, but I've still got a number of pages to read."
"Go ahead and play with yourself. I want to watch you."
That was all Joanne needed. One hand dropped to her pussy with two fingers slipping inside instantly. With her other hand she started kneading her breasts and pinching her nipples, having dropped the manuscript to the side.
"Keep reading!" I demanded. Letting her boobs go, she picked the manuscript back up and returned to it, her fingers slipping up and down her clit in a slow sensuous way. I opened the drawer to my side table and removed a tube of flavored lube. I dabbled a large amount on my cock, doing it slowly as I knew that Joanne was watching me. Slowly, I caressed my cock with my fingers hardening my already hard dick. She dropped her eyes to the manuscript, and I returned to my story, where the man was now punishing the girl by spanking her nude ass with his hand, while his wife watched. I looked over at Joanne, observing the glistening juices on her cunt lips, and wondering how long it would be before she succumbed to the erotica completely.
"Oh my gawd!" Joanne screamed. "The girl just had a squirting orgasm while he was fingering her ass. My cunt is soaking right now." She looked up at me and asked, "Are you a Domme, or do you just write about it?"
"Before I answer, you have to answer my question as to whether you are a Sub, or just fantasize about it?"
"I've never been a Sub, but I fantasize about it all the time. I think I want to be one. So?"
"Yes, I am a Domme, but only in sexual role-playing scenarios."
"Are we in one of those; ... role playing that is; you and me. Right now."
"Not yet."
"When? I'm ready."
"I know you are. I know you've wanted it since we first met. But first you must have a safe word. For you, it shall be 'blue'. Do you understand, slut?"
"Yessir. If I am your Sub, I am to do whatever you say; no matter what. If I am uncomfortable or can't do it, I can use my safe word to end the roleplay. Right?"
"Yes. So, are you willing to submit? This goes beyond being my editor, of course."
"Yessir! I am ready. Please make me your slut toy. Sir!"
During our entire conversation I had continued to stroke my hard cock, having learned long ago how to maintain my arousal level for long periods of time. "I will. But, do you understand that being my slut toy is different than being my editor. As my slut toy, you are to do everything I tell you. That could include slutty behavior in public or with others. If I employ you as my editor, you are to give me objective feedback as a female reader, and not as my slut toy. Do you understand the difference?"
"Yessir. I do, sir."
"Good! Slut, get over here and lick my cock."
She obeyed instantly, moving from the chair and kneeling in front of me. Within seconds, she was gliding her tongue up and down my shaft. Her light touch was incredible and my cock spasmed at her contact. I was about to order her to suck my cock when my phone beeped indicating I had gotten a text from one of the other applicants. It was from Celeste.
'R u up. Can I call?' followed by smileys and a pair of booby emojis. Quickly realizing how much fun this could be, I responded affirmatively, telling her to call me in five minutes. I explained to Joanne what I expected of her, ensuring that she was to do whatever I described to Celeste' over the phone. I had her return to her chair and lean back, spreading her legs wide, which she draped over the arms of the chair. I walked over to her and, without any pretense, started pinching her nipples. Not very hard at first, but I increased the pressure until she was cringing in pain, surprising me in her ability to take what I was dishing out. The phone rang and I returned to my chair to answer it, deciding at the moment to keep the phone off speaker, so that Joanne would only hear my side of the conversation.
"Hello."
"Hi, It's Celeste. I'm glad you let me call this late. I am sorry, but I really wanted to give you my feedback on the manuscript you gave me."
"And it was important for you to give me the feedback tonight, why?"
"Mmmmm," she stuttered, probably surprised by my question. Finally, after mumbling something, she said, "Because I want to make sure you understand my immediate reactions. Because my cunt is sopping wet right now. And I want you to know that."
"So, what part of the story got you so turned on? Be specific and descriptive. Imagine that I am there in the room with you. Imagine that I am your Daddy sitting right there across from you. But I'm not your Daddy. You can do anything you want with me. And you do want to do things with me, don't you? Nasty things? Like in the videos you watch. Call me Daddy." I signaled for Joanne to be quiet, and I put my phone on speaker.
"Yes, Daddy. I want to do nasty things with you. Daddy, my cunt started oozing when I realized that it was about a young girl who took advantage of her older uncle. I've thought about that, but all the men I've been with would never allow me to be in control. The idea that she spied on him when he watched porn, masturbating while watching him. Daddy, already, at that point in the story I had to fight the urge to play with myself."
"Imagine me, your Daddy, right there in front of you. I undress as you continue. And I want to know what you are going to do with me."
"Oh my gawd, Daddy, my pussy is so wet right now. I want you to know how wet I am. So, I walk over to you. I reach between my legs, slipping three fingers into my cunt easily. I pull them out, making sure to capture as much of my own cream as I can. I then slip my fingers into your mouth."
Joanne followed Celeste's instructions, scooping her own cunt juice out and giving it to me. "Keep going. And as you tell me what you are doing, know that tomorrow, you have to come in and see me if you want the job. Do you understand?"
"Oh, yes, Daddy. When I come in tomorrow, you will know just how much of a slut I can be. I'm so horny right now, Daddy. I need to be fucked. I push you to the floor on your back. Your cock is standing up, so nice and hard. I look at you and I say, 'Daddy, I'm going to fuck you now.'"
I egg her on, even as I lay on the floor in front of Joanne, her eyes wide open, knowing what is coming. "Yes, baby dear. I know. Just like always. I'll give you whatever you want. Anything."
"I'm standing over you, my pussy right over your face. I spread my legs wide, making sure you can see deep into my cunt." Joanne stands over me, spreading her legs wide. Which turns out to be incredibly wide as her lissome legs spit to reveal her gorgeous pussy only inches from my face. "My pussy lips are wide open, and my clit is begging for attention. Right in front of you, I play with my clit, driving myself to the ragged edge of an orgasm. But, I stop, enjoying the power I seem to have over you. I look down at you. Your dick is so hard, and your eyes are staring into my crotch, full of lust. I wanna' be your sex object, the slut you fantasize about. Better yet, the slut you write about. Ahhhhh! Fuck! Daddy, I'm about to cum."
"Are you going to fuck me baby girl? Are you going to fuck your daddy?"
"Yes. I move down your body, positioning my pussy right over your dick. I tell you to hold your dick upright as I lower myself onto it. Fuuuck! I can feel it against my labia. You're about to penetrate me. I want you so bad, Daddy. So bad! Your dick head is pressing against my entrance, fractions of an inch from penetrating me; from fucking me. Fuuuuck!" she screamed. As she did so, Joanne lowered herself onto my cock, her eyes focused on mine as she finally took all of me deep into her cunt. Her sphincter muscles were tight against my cock and I knew I wouldn't last long.
"I'm so hard right now," I tell Celeste'. You have my cock rock hard right now. I think ..Mmmmm. I know I won't last long when you drop that pussy onto my cock."
I'm doing my best to hold back but can't, erupting into Joanne, just as Celeste' responds, "Cum for me Daddy. Cum in my pussy. Fill me up with your spunk. Fuuuuuck! I'm cumming, Daddy."
"Me, tooooooo!" I scream back, covering Joanne's moaning and groaning, despite her best efforts to stay silent. I felt my ejaculate shoot deep into Joanne's cunt, just as her sphincter spasmed around my cock, evidencing her own orgasm. I watched her as she grabbed her nipples and pinched them in the throes of her own climax.
Before anyone got more embarrassed, I told Celeste' to be in my office at 1:00 the next afternoon if she still wanted the job and hung up. As soon as the phone disconnected, Joanne screamed, "Fuuuuck! That was so fucking hot! Jeeez! That was awesome. I can't wait to read how you describe that." She made her lucid comments despite the fact that my cock was still buried deep inside her and she was gyrating on my body. "It got me so hot, listening to her, and then doing what she described. I'm not sure I've ever cum that hard in my life."
I looked her in the eye as she sat there straddling my body. "Do you still want to be my editor?"
"Oh, yessir! More than ever."
"Be here at 1:00. Dress as slutty as you feel comfortable."
"But..."
"No buts. Yes, Celeste' will be here as well. So, will any and all other candidates. My final selection will be made through a joint interview. But, if YOU want the job, you will not share that information with anyone, and you will always be truthful in the interview. Do you understand?"
"Yessir."
"Then get off me and get yourself home. Oh, and leave me your panties."