I closed the door behind me. I just wanted to sit down and continue reading the book. I'll I could do is imagine what will happen next in the story.
I slide my fingers through the pages, one, two... 30 pages, my eyes start getting watery, guess I am a bit tired. I rub my eyes and look at the ceiling, the crystal ceiling, the blue sky staring back at me. I wonder what's next on my to-do list, I've been so caught up in this book that I've forgotten about my goals.
Sometimes not having responsibilities is exhausting. Not having to worry about a job, about life, about people... Because there are no people.
Stop. Just stop. Don't go there brain for your own sake. Let's start again. You are fine.
I stand up, take a drink out of my fridge and lead out the house, fresh air, yes fresh air is needed. I open the door and walk past the corridors, home appliances, electronics, sofas, open the door of an office, walk up some stairs and I get there, my oasis.
The sky, a soft peach. Buildings, cars, trees, businesses, street lights, everything stays the same but no noise, no one is there to appreciate the calm which now exists with them not existing.
It's been a year, a year already. I had nothing or no one to lose, I guess that's why It's not a problem being alone. Although, I had no choice anymore but to keep on.
...
After breakfast, I check my goal list. Sculpting, checked. Painting, checked. Watching 10 movies in a day, checked. Sewing lingerie, alright, that's a good one.
I walk out of my room straight to home appliances, grab a sewing machine and everything that I think will be useful. But where do I get the fabric? Good thing there's plenty of clothing on the floor below.
First thing, music. I go to the electronic area and turn on the biggest tv there is, the best home theater and let the sounds drown the place. I'm really excited about this goal, I can't wait to make my own lingerie, wear it all around the floor, pretend someone is watching the taking it off. The simple idea of touching myself in every corner of this place turns me on. Heat starts building between my legs, wait, wait, wait till is finished, enjoy the waiting, oh, that taunting agony will make me go crazy.
...
Sewing the lingerie took me longer than I thought, almost give up and wore one from the lingerie section but where's the fun in it.
I took a long shower, used every possible shower gel, scrub and shampoo to pamper myself. Dried my hair, style it, do my make-up, wore the most expensive perfume from the parfum area in the store, it's time.
I slid in one leg, then the other, my skin is so sensitive, the lace caressed it. My breasts were covered with flowers of this delicate lace, I was shivering with pleasure. I was ready for it.
Before all this, I had arranged a space next to the electronics, a bed with the biggest mirror in front, candles, vanilla essence, my mood playlist, sex toys, and my favorite sounds, those delicious male moans.
I walked out of the room, I had the crazy and erotic idea, I crave being watched. My body was covered with a satin trench coat, the noise of the heels filled the floor. The light outside, this seductive lilac, felt like the correct color.
I closed my eyes. Imagined him. Down in the street, looking up, looking at me. Wondering, who is she.
I take the coat off. My body was exposed to the tender light of the city, shivering from arousal, not from the cold air.
I stretch my arms, stretch my legs, my hands travel all around my body, caressing my hair, neck, breasts... Belly... I crave, I pulse, I quiver to go further but I don't. He's breathless. He wants more.
I walk inside. He might be getting in, finding a way up.
The music is playing. My body is pure vanilla.
I sit on a chair, facing the mirror. And, I start moving.
My body arches, flows, swings, dancing over the chair. He's watching.
He's here.
The moans start. They come out of my mouth like a sweet sound.
The male moans mix with the music. I feel them, like shivers, like humid kisses on my skin.
I move, my hips circle the pillow.
He sat down. Hands-on he's knees.
I touch my breasts, caress my nipples. I open my eyes, I see my reflection just see my arousal growing from within.
His lips are constantly being bitten and moistened. His breathing rushes.
I stand from the chair.
I walk close to the mirror. I dance. My song. My moans. His moans. The melody is caressing my body, the sax is telling me what to do. Hands on my body. His hands open one button.
I sit on the edge of the bed. Grab a sucker. I kiss it. He kisses me. He touches me by touching himself. He can't hold it any longer.
I place the sucker on my nipples while gentle moans come out from the speakers. The sensation is delicious. I start moving, once More my body arches in pleasure.
He is warm. He imagines is my skin.
His shirt is un-bottomed. Dick on a strong hand. He starts moving. I quiver. I moan. Gentle sucks torment my clit. My back arches. He moves. I move. I moan. He groans.
His eyes are fixated on me. This woman in front of him, pleasuring herself, aroused by his stare, aroused by his sounds. His hand moved softly, up and down, wishing it was her mouth.
I lift a dildo. Stick it to the mirror. I kneel. It's warm.
Is this you?
I'm yours.
I feel it in my mouth, tastes just as I imagined.
My heart pounds just like his. I suck, I twirl, every moan he does makes me wanna satisfy him more. I stare at my own sight. Pretend he is staring. Make him crazy.
I suck, licking every part, bite, kiss. I stand up carefully, letting the tip touch my nipples, belly... He feels my warmth. I'm waiting.
He stopped touching himself. He's lost in arousal.
I get closer till I feel his moisture touching my wetness. I move my hips, playing, teasing him. Leaning closer, my hands touching the mirror, feeling him get harder against me, deeper between my legs. I moan, craving him.
I turn around, tease him with my ass. Giving him a clear view of my wetness, of what is his.
His hand grasp himself instinctively, not minding anything at all but the urge to be inside me.
I moan, crying for my pleasure.
I grab lube and rube it all over the dildo.
Kiss the tip then turn around.
I slid it inside. I'm heavy breathing.
He's shaking. Goes faster. Moaning.
In, out. Again, in out. Soft, wet, so warm.
The moaning sounds are like spikes of arousal that keep me going.
I'm moaning heavily so I stop.
I take the dildo from the mirror and throw it on the bed.
I jump onto the bed. I pose for myself and him. Showing him my behind. Showing him what he needs, what he has to adore.
He is moaning loudly now, craving, moving, saying my name, begging.
I pile a bunch of pillows. Place another dildo that has a stand. I lubricate it with my kisses and wetness. I add lube. The music, vanilla aroma, my arousal, and his stares get me started.
I climb into it. Feeling it fill me as I moan loudly. He is filling me.
I'm inside her, he thinks. Ride me. Rock me. I'm yours.
I move, slowly first. My breasts jump slightly, up and down. He's vibrating. His hands round my hips and softly caress my ass.
I'm so wet, I don't want to finish yet. But I'm aroused like I've never been before, his eyes staring at me, wanting me, begging me to move faster, so I do what I want and make him wait. I move in circles, I go so slow and heavy that his breathing is rushing, focusing on me, on him, on how much he is delighted with the sight of me pleasuring him, I'm breathless. I'm heavy, I move faster and I lose my mind, that single stroke sends me to the edge, the energy pulsating on my body, making him moan, he can't hold it anymore, so I move. I move, hips going up, forward and deep. The slickness, his moisture, and mine will make me go crazy.
Fast.
As fast as I'm able. Heavy breathing, his mouth singing my favorite sounds, those delicious hummings, oh and ah, my name being twisted into this beautiful plead of hunger. I let myself go. Give in to him. The rush makes my body quiver, so tense.
Yet so light. I caress my nipples to go beyond. And I do, I keep on moving, as the waves make me dizzy, moaning loudly as I cum with him still inside me, vibrating for me.
I open my eyes. A man is sitting down on a chair. Observing me. Infatuated with my image. I think of something to say. A rush of fear strikes me. He un-bottomed his jeans. Fear turned into desire. He actually saw me.
He opened his mouth.
"Let's rewind"