This is pure fantasy as are most of my stories. It could be under taboo/exhibitionism if there was such a category. All characters portrayed are over 18 years old. Self-edited and proofed with the help of software, so if you are nit-picky, it is not for you. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated. _____________________________________________
I love my wife, she and I have been married for almost 20 years, and I would do anything for her. But recently I thought she took things too far, now I am not sure, I will let you decide.
A crazy night started when my friend dropped me home after golf and beer. We take turns driving so one could drink, it was my week to be the drinker and I did. I was pretty fucked up, I was walking but not well enough to carry my clubs, so my friend carried them to the house. I was in rare form at the bar after a good round of golf. I have a special barmaid there, and she and I were flirting, with some touching included. She is in her 20s and hot, at one point she was on my lap, I had a boner from then on. If it would have been closing time instead of early evening I might have ended up with her, it wouldn't be my first cheat.
I made my way through the house, drunk and still with a major hard-on from my encounter with my favorite barmaid. I then found out why my mother-in-law's car was in the drive. I found her and her sister sitting with my wife, drinking. I had not seen my wife's aunt much since our wedding. The dirt on her was that she had never married, and had dated few men, she claimed having a husband to look after was something that never interested her. Some rumors were that she was gay, others said she was just old maid material.
My mother-in-law was a different story, married three times and was a drinker, cheated on the first two husbands, starting with my wife's father. I think she was, and still is just over-sexed. Every time she got loaded around me she would flirt, with her history I never knew if she was serious or just teasing. I think my wife Rita did not care, figured it was innocent play between us. She and I did get along well, I guess I enjoyed fucking with her as well. I usually got the upper hand with her, and it was fun. She got a little too touchy-feely sometimes for me. It was not so bad when we were first married, as she was a smoking hot MILF then. She was very capable of getting me hard back then and often did. She is past that point and is a mature now, not as appealing but to be honest, I find her still quite fuckable.
I had come home sweaty and I guess still hard. Figured I better greet the three of them sitting in the family room. I noticed all three had drinks in their hands. They were dressed casually, but in my horny state, I could not help but check out their big tits. Her family is known for their big tits and they were showing some major cleavage. Her auntie Kate is usually pretty straight-laced, but she seemed to be trying to keep up with the two lushes that were her sister and niece. It surprised me that Kate, her mom's sister even had a drink. Surprised me even more that she was buzzed, all of them were, and I had no idea at that point how buzzed they actually were. They were all giggling so much, so I ask if I interrupted something.
Jean my mother-in-law said, "Rita and I, have talked Kate into her first drink, well drinks to be honest, in years. She had just dropped a bomb on us to get us this way. When you came in the room Rita and I noticed that nice size bulge you had in your shorts. We would have never expected her to even look at it, let alone mention it. But her way of confirming she saw it was to tell us she has not seen an erect penis since she was a teen. It made Rita and I look at your bulge more closely, but also made us all giggle uncontrollably."
I did not know how to respond to that, I did not know if I still had it, I can usually feel a boner, I guess I was too buzzed. I was not going to look down to check and please Mom and Rita though. My mother-in-law said, "Looks like you had a good round, on the course and at the bar, they must have some sexy barmaids. Rita and I could tell by the fact that you stumbled in here with a hardon."
Well, she was right about everything but the golf round, and it was not uncommon for her to fuck with me that way. I usually say something dirty in return for her sexual remarks, I hesitated because Kate was there. But I was kind of drunk, they were buzzed too, including Kate, so I decided to go for it anyway.
"Well, Kate was right on, and you confirmed it Mom. You were on track too, a young barmaid flirted with me like you do, but she is only 20. So unlike my-mother-law, who makes my dick go flaccid, she is responsible for a nice big sweaty, and erect Johnson in these shorts, and the bulge means it wants its freedom. I want to visit with you guys, but I think I better go shower first. If you are still interested in it, after I unleash it, I can take a selfie for you before you cause me to lose it. I will happily text a nice closeup of said boner from knob to balls to you and Kate, Rita sees it all the time."
Wife Rita replied, "It's fine with me, as far as I am concerned the two of them can go with you and see it in person. Hell, they can watch you play with that little wiener of yours in the shower. I have caught you doing that enough times. Every time you come home from a bar that had a hot barmaid, you want to jerk off. Because you know I won't fuck you when you reek of booze and cheap perfume."
I was not surprised by Mom and Rita, or myself, but this conversation was with Kate there. She seemed to be oblivious, and the three of them were giggling out of control, so I just left, grabbed some clean clothes, and headed to the basement shower off the rec room. There was some truth to that statement, the golf course girl did have her hand on my package at one point, she knows how to get big tips. I have to confess I was a little turned on by the encounter. The conversation I had with my wife and guest who all have nice tits contributed as well. I admit that the tits and suggestive conversation had me considering wanking one off while I showered. I didn't but I did take a long shower, running some cool water at the end so I would be flaccid when I returned, and hopefully get my cock off of their minds.
I got out to towel off and dress but found both my towel, my clean clothes, and what I took off missing. I also heard that the giggling that I encountered upstairs was still going on, and must have followed me to the rec room. They were outside of the half-finished bath in the basement. The three of them had followed me down there and were sitting in the rec room in rare form. Her aunt was in the same state of drunkenness as them, something I never witnessed before. I did not know what their game was, but I knew with Mom there, trouble was there.
I stuck my head out of the outer curtain trying not to open it too far. The curtain is the door to the under-construction bathroom, I never got around to finishing the job. There they were sitting on the sofa laughing. I said, "OK, funs over, give me my towel before I come marching out there in my birthday suit. Not sure what you are expecting to see, but you might be disappointed. Mom's harassment likely caused some flaccidity, so come on, now where the fuck are my clothes?"
"Well, we did get a glance through the opening and would like to see more. As far as the location of your stuff, that is for us to know, and hopefully for you not to find out," my wife comments, and her mom chimed in, Auntie just giggled.
Rita added, "You should not perturb her, she has you this time and you are making things worse for yourself. I can't control her, she is liable to come over there to see for herself."
Mom added "She is right, so go ahead Big Boy, walk over here and get it," and she held it up. "We think that your penis might be glad to see us, we want to see it. Then we will think about telling you where your clothes are. All you have to do is stand here dick out, and dry yourself in front of us so my sister Kate can see a penis. I know you, even if it is a bit flaccid won't stay that way with some female attention, and your contact with the towel. Kate is hoping to see a hard one, so you can work on that first if needed, it will make for a much hotter entrance for us to watch. My little girl was telling us how proud you are of your little wiener, and that you think it's the biggest one on the planet. Says that you often walk around with it hard and try to get her to help you with it. Just do that for us, maybe we will give in and give you some clothes."
Well, (that little wiener) is what my wife calls it to get at me, truth is when in bed she praises the thickness of my 8'' plus cock, and yes I am proud of it, and so is she. I am sure she has told her mom am packing, her curiosity is driving her participation in this harassment. She was right though, I was feeling some action down there just from thinking that I might have to do it to call their bluff.
Mom had more to say, "Rita says when she has caught you masturbating, she talks you into finishing for her, promises you some real sex if you do. We were hoping you would do that for us, especially Kate and I, we don't get to see that kind of stuff live anymore. My husband, your current father-in-law, has to take pills just to jerk off. I did not marry him for what was in his pants though, it was for what was in his wallet."
"My sister Kate, well she never had time for penises growing up. She was either trying to get good grades or when she finished college she was busy making money. She now has a strong desire to see one, yours. But she must be pretty buzzed, as she is in a state right now that she giggles if we even say penis. We did find out tonight that when she drinks she does have a sense of humor. But then again she could be serious when you were in the shower and she told Rita, "If Hal would show me the 8" penis you claim he has, I would consider changing my will. I want to see it so bad, I might give you two another 8 percent."
Mom added, "She is loaded you know, and has no one else closer than her nieces and nephews to leave it to, no penises seen by her means no offspring produced."
After another round of giggling, Rita said, "Well dear, you know me, I like a good dare, and that is what this has become because of your smart-ass remarks to me and my mom. I dare you to bring it on, if Kate is going to see her first adult penis, I am sure you can come up with a hard one for my auntie. If she is serious, we could use the money for retirement. You can't hide in there forever, you're naked, and it's pretty cool down here, you are probably shaking from the cold already. You are going to have to come out eventually, the cold will give you a tiny wiener that will just make us giggle some more."
"OK you guys, you had your fun, Kate I am especially surprised at you. It is time to call it off and give me at least the towel to wrap around me. I swear I will call your bluff and march over there hard, and give you a closeup if you don't. It has pretty much survived the cold, and I can give it a few strokes first, and get it stiff for you three drunk and bad girls. You know I usually call your bluff Rita, you know I do yours too Mom."
Rita told her, "He won't come over here naked, that's an empty threat. He is all talk, deep down he is just a chicken with a big dick," Then she made a chicken noise (bock, bock) and flapped her arms like kids do to tease their friends.
Well, that was it, she took things too far, I guess I still have some kid in me in addition to what courage the beers gave me. So I backed off, disappeared behind the curtain, and started stroking myself. I was soon showing a full-blown hardon. Not sure it was from the strokes I gave it, more likely it was the banter and the thought of what it might feel like to call their bluff and at least step out and give them a flash. It was sticking out in front of me, it was ready even if I was not. I just had to muster the extra courage it would take to do this in front of my wife's mom and auntie. But like Rita, they were goading me too, which helped motivate me to deal with the embarrassment and do it for the shock value, I knew they thought I wouldn't do it.
I was pissed and just went for it before I proved them right, and did chicken out. Still dripping wet I threw open the curtains. Came out while throwing my arms up in the air as I pitched my pelvis out so far my butt cheeks were clenched tight. I could feel the cool basement air surrounding my junk, so I knew right then I was hard as a rock. The reaction it got from them more than confirmed it.
"OK girls, fuck with me will you, is this not the view you asked for. I present to you my big Johnson, no longer sweaty, now give me my clothes before I walk over there, and give you that closeup I promised."
They were speechless, having never seen my wife and her mom in that state. I gave them a few moments to recover as I stood there hard and exposed. Strangely, I got a thrill standing there looking at the three of them so shocked. Since I was already fully exposed, I went in for the kill and walked over to them nude. My boner sticking straight out and a-swinging. I guess the fear that hit me was overridden but the excitement from calling them on it, and I think I just plain liked being the NM in a CFNM. I know that because the feeling I had was in my cock, balls, and my body, a kind of tingle that went with the excitement.
I arrived in front of two very surprised ladies, and a shocked wife. I stood not 2' away from them, they were 8" closer than that to the knob of my dick. it was close enough to touch. My cock was just sticking there right in front of them, balls and all. I was starting to dry, but my dick was still wet, and not just from water, there was precum caused by the excitement of my actions. Just about all of me was glistening in the light over the pool table. My mother-in-law and her sister were focused on it, mom was speechless for once, and her sister had turned red.
I was ready to get yelled at, and thrown something to cover it by Rita, but she just laughed. I guess for her it was funny, she could not have believed I would do it. I found it hard to believe myself. It was funny that it left her mom without anything to say. It was difficult, but I got Mom and Rita good, they deserved it, but even though Auntie Kate started it, she was just a victim.
Surprisingly the adrenaline I had began to leave me, but not the thrill I got from my first CFNM, I liked it. That was a surprise for me, I guess I did have some exhibitionist in me after all. It took them a minute or two to recover from the shock I think. For me, it seemed like I was standing there forever, but it was only a minute or two, their reaction did not curb my excitement.
Mom was the first to come around and respond. "You Little Shit, you did it didn't you, called our bluff." I didn't think you had the guts. But there you are in the flesh, literally. You could have knocked me over with a feather seeing my son-in-law bust through that curtain naked, and cock first. Thrusting his hips out to show his hard dick to his wife's mom and auntie."
"I have to admit it's a nice one, glad my sister got to see an above-average one. Now you are going to have to live with your decision. I might even bring it up at the next family reunion, you know the drink flows freely at them. I think I would like a selfie of it, but my phone is upstairs. I am glad you are doing it though, Rita and I have been joking around not expecting this, but I can tell my old maid sister really did want to see a penis. She is still red-faced from you fulfilling her wish, she may be embarrassed but she can't take her eyes off of your dick."
"Look at her, staring at your dick mouth open, almost slobbering. I bet you could move over there and could slide it in her mouth. That added shock factor would blow all our minds. You are a hot, and well-hung male, I am glad that you showed me what I have only heard about. Now I have a reason to flirt, and not just to annoy you. Maybe I can talk Rita into letting me touch it. I admit you look hot there dick glistening, and the rest of you are still wet enough to make you more sexy. That hard penis looks like it has the promise to get even bigger. Now you just have to make it a little more angry for us as you dry, we need to see all of the thick 8'' you claim to have. Show us what you did to get it that big before you came our way. Please, do that for us, jerk it, and we will consider giving you your stuff. We want to see how a grown man plays with himself. None of my husbands have ever done that for me, I have only seen that on the net."
Now her sister was coming around, and giggling again and said, "You look at porn sis? Don't you have to go to a gay site to see guys masturbating? You can kid him if you like, but that is one nice penis my nephew is showing this old gal, well old maid I guess I can't deny I never got around to dealing with men in other ways. They are hard enough to deal with in the workplace"
"So how do you know all that Kate, you must look at porn to know that about gay porn. It is rare on a straight site to see a guy masturbate. Your right though, I kid Hal but am impressed, my son-in-law is quite gifted down there like Rita said. I am jealous of her, I think that big bone would fill up even this old overused, and stretched-out pussy."
So I was standing there even harder from the conversation as she handed me the towel and I started drying. I was trying to do a sexy towel off as a guy on Baywatch might have. I was more comfortable being there by the time I was dry. Then I took advantage of it sticking straight out, and right there in front of them.
I still figured Rita would give in at some point and give me my clothes before I had to be the one to back out, jerking off was something I did not think they would push. I considered just wrapping the towel around my waist and walking away to end the show, but no, I was not going to fold. So I hung the towel on my stiff cock, I could not help but be proud of that act, even after the towel slipped off and I threw it over my shoulder.
I tried to bow out gracefully, I told them I was going to get some beer while they were fucking with me. I figured if I got to the stairs I could dash up and get clothes and beer. Rita saw where I was heading and blocked me while taking the towel back.
"Oh No, you are not leaving the basement, there is some beer in the little fridge over there. Unless you and your buddies drank it all, I will look."
She grabbed some beers and I was back to square one, except I had a couple of beers. She told me there was plenty more in there. So I was still naked, the ball was in their court, but at least I had some beer. I was not going to let up, I stood right in front of them and drank the beer with my cock and balls in front of their faces.
"Look Mom, now he is really showing off, he wants some praise. I admit using his stiff cock as a towel hook was quite a stunt."
Kate who was still shocking us said, "That penis is so nice, I guess I should have taken the time to sample a few of them when I was younger. Maybe if I was a drinker, but now I am kind of drunk and curious. This might be my last chance to look at one. Tell me, I like looking at it that way, but how long would you have to play with it to make it ejaculate? I would just love to see you play with, and then see that big thing spew all its seed out that little hole. Oh My, I'm getting carried away, but are we really sitting here looking at a hot naked man with an erection that does not seem to want to go away?"
Mom said, "I have seen many of them spew, and have been the target of their shot. But I agree with Kate, that is my son-in-law's cock, that would make his ejaculation special. If you do that I will make my little girl give you at least your shorts so you can recover some of your dignity, you are like a male model compared to the old man I have at home. I don't want to give up the view we are getting."
Now her aunt, still red with embarrassment chimed in, "Yes, please do that for us, not sure about you, but I can't get any more embarrassed. You look like you are getting more comfortable standing there naked. Make it cum for us, and I might give you an even bigger cut in my will."
Her exposing her sense of humor to us for the first time made it hard to know how serious she was. But the look on her face convinced me she really did want to see a penis shoot cum, my penis, as she did not take her eyes off my cock for even a second.
Mom said, "Just go ahead Hal, we promise not to tell or make fun later, jerk one off for us. Show my sister a closeup of what a cumshot, a nephew's cumshot looks like. Your cock is horizontal already, it should not take long from there. You realize that If you're that aroused, it means deep down you want us to watch you play with your penis and cum."
"That is asking a lot from me, I kind of like the idea, but not sure I want to be known as the guy that jerked off for his mother-in-law and her sister."
"So my daughter must be right, you are a chicken. It's OK to be chicken, but only if you're a proud rooster showing what he has to offer us two old hens."
I was getting more comfortable and was not going to take any more of their shit. So I turned up the heat, I took a hold of my shaft to show her what a proud rooster looks like. "How is this, is this a big enough cock for you. Am I not a proud rooster."
"That is awesome, now just stroke it for us."
I had a hold of it close to its base between my thumb and forefinger, that way most of it was left uncovered. We guys know how to look bigger, just like gals have bras for that. It is also the way we usually jerk off, making a ring to stroke with.
I finished with, "You two know you're going to embarrass your sister, so somebody give me my clothes before I bring this closer, and do what you are requesting. We can play cum roulette if you like, but if we do, someone is going to get one hell of a facial."
Rita, "I don't think I ever heard of a game like that, you must have just made it up on the fly, but in this situation, it might be fun."
Rita, "What do you think auntie, you wanted to see a penis? Do you want to take a chance on getting some of that white sticky stuff he has stored in his balls and prostate on you?"
Kate said, "If that is the risk I have to take to see my hot nephew ejaculate, I am in. Giggle, Giggle. It might be the alcohol talking, but I really do want to see him make white stuff come out of that big cock. Not sure I would ever want a facial, but I would be willing to take a chance, and willing to sample it for a taste."
So, I figured if that is the way they wanted to play, it was time to start, and I added another finger to the circle and started by just stroking my knob. It got their attention, and no matter what the situation you are in while jerking off, the feeling it gives you takes over, and feels good to us guys. I knew I was going to have to get serious and actually jerk off if I was to cum.
My dick was now so hard from me thinking about it had my knob getting purple. I knew if I was going to give much of a show, I had to stroke my whole cock, and cut down on my glans work. I found I was liking the attention, but how could I not experience some kind of thrill? I was standing there naked jerking for my wife's mom, and auntie.
I just had to get my mother-in-law's goat, call Rita's bluff, and see her timid aunty's reaction. I decided to negotiate though. I realized that I did want to stand there and play with it for a while, and so did they. I just did not think I should have to be the only one showing all of myself. So I stopped jerking and made a pitch to even the playing field at least a little, making them participate would help keep word I did this from spreading.
"OK, if you want to see an authentic jerk and cum, I will give you all the cum you can handle. But this is my first CFNM, being the only one completely naked is not fair. So I am proposing we even things up a little. I watch porn too, and it's still considered a CFNM if the guy is totally absent of clothes, but the lady's big titties are exposed. There are some big titties in this room, it runs in the family. Do I get titties or are you the ones that are the chickens, (Bock, Bock)."
My mother-in-law proved she was serious, and did not even hesitate, her blouse was opened and her bra undone and dropped in the wink of an eye. I think she would have lost all her clothes for me if it was just the two of us, and I think I would have fucked her. Rita lost her bra and went further and shed her top at the same time. Kate hesitated but she had some huge ones, and being competitive with her sister made her pop her's out of her bra. She sure had some ba-zooms, I had never seen any that big in person. Rita who was sitting in the middle was smaller than the two of them, but her breasts were showing the least sag. Now I was called, there was no other way to stall, and was not sure I wanted to anymore. I had gotten more comfortable being on display, but jerk off?
It was weird how turned on I was by two old ladies and my wife showing me their breasts, but tits are tits. We guys like them, we will do about anything to see them. I've seen guys put 20-dollar bills in strippers' g-strings just to see some not even my mother-in-law's size.
I didn't think Rita would let this go this far, but my knob was inches from her face and she was not flinching. She was going to be the one in the most danger of a facial.
All the big tits showing forced some more precum out on the tip of my knob, and my stroking to increase. Rita stuck her tongue out and licked it off, there was no giggling then, the old gals were turned on seeing her lick cum off a hard one. I noticed my mother-in-law's nipples get hard, and my cock responded to that. I went ahead with massaging my glans, but with minimum friction, it is the only way to go without lube. I found out once I was jerking in front of one individual, that I was not uncomfortable if I did not make eye contact with the others. Even though I had done this in front of Rita before, it felt so weird, there was more of an audience. I sped up and figured the game was almost over. It was likely one of the three of them would chicken out on their turn and call it. Or I guess someone would get a facial, that would surely end it.
I was going strong and had their complete attention, when my wife Rita who was right in front of me reached out, pulled me even closer, and started playing with my testicles, yep she had me by the balls. She did it right in front of her mom and aunt. She was as turned on as I was at that point, and it was me that was fully exposed. The more she handled my balls, the harder her nipples got, she had to have soaked her panties by then. I loved the participation by her, it felt good, and although still the focus, it was no longer a solo for me.
The more I got worked up the crazier my thoughts were. It crossed my mind how mom and Kate would react if I just took my wife to the pool table, and fucked her in front of them. I would like to fuck the love of my wife in front of someone, but this would not be my choice for an audience.
All the big breasts and my wife helping out got me going. I was really turned on then, I was probably going to cum soon if I didn't stop. Rita could see that, so she stopped me. "That is enough for me, scoot over, and give the other two their turn, start with my auntie. It was her curiosity and remarks that triggered this jerk off, I bet she would push those monsters together for you, and let you fuck them. She admitted she watches porn so she knows that move."
It was going to be beyond weird, but I was buzzed and hard, once a guy in my state gets going, he has to get off no matter what he has to do. So I presented my hard penis with the purple head to an embarrassed but excited auntie. Now it was less than a foot away. I was not sure she would touch it or let it get too close to her face, and she didn't. She took Rita's advice, it surprised us though.
Auntie Kate took her hands and corralled two of the biggest breast I had ever seen, lifted and held them together. She did not have to say anything and didn't. I pushed my hard pulsating cock between her breasts and started pumping, it was like fucking two soft pillows. I always wanted to fuck some tits that were big enough to be worthwhile fucking. I focused on them, and not her face, and it felt so good, my cock would disappear and then the knob would pop out the top of them. If my balls would not have stopped it, my knob would have hit her chin at that angle. I loved that feeling, did not want to stop but was afraid to fuck them too long, or I would fill that tunnel I was making with the white stuff she wanted to see, but not necessarily feel.
It did not matter that she was a 60-year-old aunt of my wife's. I was not fucking her big boobs. She seemed to enjoy it, and I did too of course. I remember fucking things like couch cushions in my adolescence. Anything to get off without it being my own hands, I guess it's instinctual once you are past puberty. I had to pull out though, I did not want to cum, and miss having a turn at Mom, she had been harassing me for years. I pulled back but she grabbed my shaft.
She said, "That was fun, but I have to feel both it and your balls," it was strange, but it was a woman's hands playing with me, that countered the strangeness of it being an auntie, and an older one at that.
"Oh My, it's so hard to stop, your cock is so hard, and smooth. I can see and feel the veins that are swollen, then there are your balls, well, let's just say they're big and funny feeling, but I am glad I felt them too."
When I got in front of Mom in her chair, she took over for me completely. She put one hand on my balls as the other two did, but also replaced the hand on my cock with hers. She decided I did not need to do the work anymore and started to jerk me off.
Then she invited them to her party, "Come on girls, I got him by the balls and cock. "I wanted to do something like this to him for years. He can't get away, so help me now. Come over here, there is a butt cheek for each of you to squeeze, smack, or both. Let's see how much attention from us gals this stud can take before he cums. They did, Kate had my right cheek in her grip, and Rita was smacking the other, I was a bit overwhelmed but was loving it, I had never had so much attention.
Ole Mom was going at it, she knew how to jerk a dick. I guess if her guy was having trouble getting up, she was getting plenty of practice helping him with hand and blow jobs. With all three of them involved, I knew it would be soon. To my surprise about then, I felt the wet finger of my wife's go up my butt, and she started to massage my prostate, that was cheating I guess, if it was a game with rules. What she caused was me getting little warning of my impending eruption, and Mom got even less warning, "Oh Fuck, Look Out Mom...."
Things at that point went into slow motion for me. I can recall it all now, it was awesome. I was experiencing the high of my orgasm when my first volley of cum ropes hit her almost right between the eyes. I have to give her credit for not aborting, she stayed with it, and so did Rita, and her Auntie. She was blasted again and again with my cum ropes. Rita aimed my cock, and made sure she got every drop, and the biggest facial I ever gave someone. Yep, and though blinded, Mom pulled it close and was licking off my knob, so sexy, and felt so good. I was on a high different than the usual ones, Kate was in awe, and Rita was speechless at first, but as my cum started running down her mom's face, she started to laugh.
She got out, "My God Mom, you should see yourself, you have your son-in-law's semen all over your face, it's covered in cum."
Then Rita grabbed my towel and put it to use, all three of them giggling as Rita wiped her husband's cum off her mom's face so she could open her eyes again. It went from erotic to funny in seconds.
"Well son, I bet you did not think this old girl would hang in there as you covered my face, I did not get to see much of what was a huge shot, as I had to close my eyes. I loved the feel of a facial, I had not had one in years. I did get a taste and loved licking off what was still on your knob. It tasted like beer, is that possible? My God, I need a cock like that to suck someday. Our Kate did get her wish, she was right there, and got to see one hell of a male orgasm close up."
To me, and I am sure Rita, it was the wildest thing sexual we had done with others involved. It had to just happen because you could never think something like that up. I have always dreamed of having more than one woman, but three, and it was two generations of a family.
Mom was not done, she pulled me back in by my cheeks and said, "I love squeezing those tight buns of yours, I would like to take a little bite out of that cute ass. But instead, let me kiss that big 8" dick. She did not wait for permission, nor did she just give it a peck. She had to take the knob in her mouth this time before she let go of me. I gave it a few strokes, it did not matter how long my cock was fucking Mom's mouth, just the fact that it was in there was mind-blowing.
Rita said, "I can't believe we were able to goad you into that. I guess we got carried away, the alcohol helped. The fact that you stood there and shot a load of cum on my mom is mind-blowing. She seemed to like it though, and by the look on your face, I know you did too. So I am going to have to keep an eye on you two from now on. I also saw the look on her face when she had your cock in her mouth, she wanted to suck your dick, and you were ready to face fuck her."
"The party does not have to end, judging by the look on your face, and your comfort level now, I don't think you want your clothes as bad."
I did not want them at all, I was naked and just came on mom, how could I not want more of that kind of thrill? I think I would have fucked either one of them at that time.
Rita said, "What I do know is that we all need another drink after that. I don't want to give up the view, and unless they object, I have a deal for you. If you go and get us drinks while naked like a Chippendale, I will perform next for them. I will suck my husband off in front of my mom and auntie, I will even let him face fuck me if they want to see that, who knows, someone might get pussy fucked if we keep up the drinking."
Both sisters almost in unison, "We not only want to see her suck your big dick, but we will also help her do whatever she decides to do with it!"
I left to get the drinks nude, surprising even myself. I was in a weird place, I wanted more attention, but losing my buzz. I could have planned to pull on some shorts while upstairs, but I wanted to go back still nude and be watched getting off at least one more time. I marched over to the stairs, knowing I had their attention, and went to get their drinks, I switched from beer and brought myself a bottle of bourbon, and was drinking directly from it. Rita was not lying about me strutting around the house proud of my hard cock I was one son, husband, and nephew. I was aware of every swing my cock made, and let it bump whoever I could. I liked playing a stripper that was already stripped, showing off, and being the star of the show.
It's amazing how things changed from when I found my clothes missing.
I happily gave them their drinks, each one at a time with my dick back in their faces again. Then I put the pitcher of fresh Daiquiris I brought, on the lower shelf of the end table so it did not get knocked off. This also gave them the chance to see my cock and balls from the rear. I got a Woo Hoo and mom reached out got a hold of my cock again, and pretended to milk it. Yes, I was showing off and was getting pleasure out of it.
Then I scooted my naked ass up on my pool table that was about 6' in front of them and was hitting the bottle of booze pretty heavily.
I was just sitting there naked, stiff, and enjoying it. I was so aware of my dick being exposed at length to my in-laws. The thought of it kept my dick so hard, it was still standing straight out. I kept an eye on Rita, this continuation was her idea, but I did not want her to see how much I was enjoying showing off my manhood. I knew I was going too far, but I was starting to like the little CFNM party we had going again. I missed the full view of their breasts but understood that the basement was cold and they had to cover their tits. I was getting all the attention, and getting no complaints from her mom or her auntie. Her eyes were still glued on my hard dick. Kate, well she was still the one most obsessed with my cock, we really unleashed something within her.
We talked a little bit and drank some more. I was glad I switched to whiskey, I needed something strong to regain my buzz and the courage that comes with it. Small talk is difficult to come by in a situation like we ended up in. What do you talk about? Mom ask Rita if she could have done what I did in front of my family. She was pretty candid, she said, I could not do it for them, Hal's family is not near as open, but Hal has a couple of buddies I would like to get a buzz on and then get naked for. If it was OK with Hal, I would even suck their cock in front of him."
That was kind of a surprise statement, but honest I think. She flirts with them like mom does me, they all like flirting with her. She dresses especially for my buddy Rick sometimes and thinks I don't notice, I even see her checking to see if he is hard from the flirting and such.
The thought of her sucking a friend's cock did not turn me off, I was still hard and the only guy in the room. Then once we all were feeling our drinks again not realizing it, I was slowly stroking myself again. Rita told me to get ready to fulfill their promise. She said, "Well big boy, looks like you want more, if you want this family of mine to enjoy your cock some more, and if they are serious about joining me sucking your dick, we better get started."
"We are all buzzed now but we need to start before we all realize what the fuck we are doing. Kate is the one with the most need she claims. She is disappointed I think that she didn't get to see you bend over and show your ass and nut sack like her sister did. I think you should let her see it from that angle before we blow you. Logically, she gets the first shot at it after she is done playing with it, yours just might be the first and last cock she has in her mouth."
This night had been a mind-blowing one, and it was still going on. I did hope it stopped before I had to fuck two old ladies. I was warming up to the idea of fucking Mom before she got any older, but her older sister? I headed over to Kate, and she was red-faced again, not a surprise. I was happy to bend over in front of her, I did not have to look at her. I did feel her though, she was playing with my cock and balls and tried the milking move her sister showed her. But then she turned me and grabbed my ass and pulled me to her.
She might have been putting us on about lack of experience sucking men's cocks, but I guess it is probably like riding a bike. Then there is the porn for a refresher course. She did not hesitate like a rookie would. Kate took it in her mouth, and it was not long before she was taking at least half of it. She may have been just trying to do what she had seen done on the net. Then she did something unusual. She finished by lifting it up, pressing my cock against my stomach, and licking and sucking my balls, she tried to take them in her mouth. When she got back to putting my cock in her mouth I helped her out and was face fucking her, but not fast or long. I might have been in little pain with the booze in me, but my balls were getting too much attention, and starting to feel it. We mutually broke it off then, I think she was afraid of, and not ready for a possible mouthful or facial.
I moved on to Mom, she was really into it. She started and was trying to swallow it, but she gagged too much and gave up. Now with her, I did not mind face fucking her a little deeper and faster. I did not go too long, as I was not going to take a chance on going off on Mom again, so even though I was enjoying it I pulled back so as not to push our luck.
Rita was next, she talks about me showing off, but she took the opportunity to show her skills. She not only took the whole thing in her mouth and throat like a trouper, but she then stuffed my tender testicles in her mouth too. There was no doubt we had an attentive audience Kate proved that.
"Look sis, you can see his big knob in her throat, I could never do that, I would gag."
Truth is, she does not do that on every blow job as she doesn't like gagging, and usually can't even take all 8'' without gagging a little. She knows how to tease and stretch it out, and took me to the edge and backed off a few times. My balls were hurting, and I was ready to get off by then.
Like any mom, Rita's liked to throw her two cents in. "OK Rita, this is for Kate too, she had not seen you naked since she and I dressed you at your wedding. Let us both see the beautiful bride and groom we remember, but this time both in the raw."
This was not what I expected, but Kate did not object, she seemed interested. It is her niece I guess, who knows what goes on in women's minds.
Rita hesitated, "Well I don't know about this, it's so far over the top.
"Well honey, you got me naked, kept me that way, and then encouraged them to suck my cock. So we have already taken things over the top, you just have not had to display that bald pussy the two of them have not yet seen that way."
She could not say anything to stop me, so I stripped her. She was embarrassed it was her mom and auntie, who wouldn't be. When I pulled her panties off to complete the strip, surprisingly she stood there proud though, like I eventually did. I could not have been more proud of her nude body either. Sometimes I don't appreciate her fit body, those long legs, ample breasts, and defined pussy. I think these are her best features, but I catch my friends, especially Rick can not take their eyes off her ass, and all he has seen of it is when she has been in a bikini.
Rita just stood there in nothing but her piercings. I have seen both her mom's and aunties eyes go to her bald pussy.
Her mom said, "My God Rita, your bald and have a piercing down there? Didn't that hurt, it looks like it is in your....
"Yes Mother, it's a piercing, and in my clit hood, not my clit. The belly button was for looks, and the clit one was so your big cock son-in-law over there can find it when he is drunk like he is now, and trying to eat me out. I love it when he uses the tip of his tongue to play with it. I have gotten a lot more orgasms since I got it. If he is going to show me off like this, I might have to make him eat me out. I don't care anymore what my family sees."
Kate's comment, "I wish I was in that good of shape when I was her age, I had a bush that my panties could not begin to cover."
Mom, "I wish I was her age and was about to get eaten out and fucked by that son-in-law of mine. I don't want anything poked through my clitoris though. I will give up some orgasms, or do it myself."
Rita, "Woa Now, I or Hal did not say anything about fucking in front of you."
Kate, "Well I did not hear them agree to that, but it would be fine with me. I would like to see what it looks like, especially when he works her clit. With all the action we saw that featured his big cock, I for one would like to see that dick that fucked my tits go in and out of such a fine pussy, my niece's little pussy. At least eat out my niece's pussy, that will be an OK ending if you don't want to fuck for us."
Things got quiet in the room after that. I think they did want to see, it, all of it. I wanted to fuck, and be watched doing it. Rita either just gave in, or was as turned on as I was, she did not do or say anything to stop it.
First I picked Rita up and sat her on the pool table. Then I lifted and spread her legs to both access her pussy, and give our guest a good view of it. Then I said, "OK you guys, if you want to see this fine pussy that your family gene pool contributed to get eaten out, come closer."
Now I had one on each side of me and pushed her legs back so far her pussy was in the air, and gave them a look only a lover or Doctor would see. Then I moved in and started licking it, and the thought of being watched made me so fucking hard. But I had an audience and kept going, and my Rita was not shy about moaning in front of them at this point. I knew she was into it, and that I had to get her off for them. Then after tongue fucking her hole I worked her clit, and her piercing until she did orgasm for them, and hard, I could not hold her legs anymore, and she had her thighs squeezing my head as she did.
Rita, "Oh Fuck Yeah, Mom and Auntie, now you've seen almost all of it, you've seen both of us cum. He and I do need to be fucked really bad, you might as well see it. I don't care if it is over the top anymore. I am wet and ready and need his big cock inside me now!"
There she was with her swollen pussy showing, yes she seemed as proud of it as I was of my cock, and should be. Strangely I was only about half hard, I guess from concentrating on what I was doing to her, and then watching her cum made me forget about myself.
It was only going to take a couple of strokes with my hand, but Mom said, "Don't worry son, let me get it ready, I will fluff you. She got on her knees, and in front of me, and Kate the back, Mom sucked my cock again, and Kate mouthed my balls. A guy just never gets tired of blow jobs or any kind of attention to his private parts, no matter who does it. With mom sucking my dick again, and Kate my balls, I was ready in no time. They both looked so happy getting access to my cock again. But I guess sex for my mother-in-law was getting rare, and Kate, well if she is being truthful has been absent from sexual activity for decades.
It was kind of hard to believe at that point that I could have still been nervous about what I was about to do, my mother-in-law had just sucked my cock again, but this was actual fucking, and the first time in front of anyone. So with her mom on one side of us and her auntie on the other, I fucked her.
I had all three of them watching, Rita was on back on her elbows on the table so she could see as well. They watched me push my knob against her hole and then paused before slowly entering her. I wanted them to enjoy the side view of my shaft as it slowly disappeared inside her pink cavern. Yes, I was showing off, I was worked up and drunk. Once I did enter I stroked her slowly. As I sped up I was very aware of my balls swinging.
"Oh Fuck, now I am sorry I am doing this, he is such a good lay I feel bad you can only watch."
I kind of stepped out of my own body and imagined what it was like for a mom to see her daughter get fucked by her husband. I loved the thought but realized that we truly had gone too far. But stopping would not erase what we had done. The more I thought about it the faster and deeper I went. Now I could feel my balls banging her butt. I knew it was not going to be a long fuck, because at the time I was so turned on by the situation that I was in. I was ready to cum after the fluffing mom gave me.
I did not want them to miss it, and said, "Here it comes, I am about to make a special creampie in my sweetheart's pussy and it is for you two as well."
I probably should not have announced it, as when I did a hand went up my thigh to my balls, and a finger went in my ass to my massage prostate, and the hand squeezed my balls. A team effort of the sisters for sure.
Being watched just makes you so aware, I could feel every spurt of my cock as it filled her, and I did not want to stop stroking her. Finally, I did and pulled out slowly, so that the pie would form as soon as I excited. Then I backed away.
I was standing there while we all three watched the pie form on her pussy.
Kate said, "It looks so tasty, I would sure like to taste some of that, you said it was for us."
Rita, "I admit being watched fucking the man I love was hot, But I am finally drawing a line, don't even think about getting close down there you two. If you want some cum, Hal can dip his knob in it, and sit up on the table. There will be enough of our juices for two. Go on, let those two horny senior citizen cum sluts clean off your cock, you will just hate that won't you!"
I did, my knob and part of my shaft were thickly coated, and Kate was the first to take some, she hogged most of what was on my knob. Mom, was thorough, got what was left on the tip, then licked my shaft all the way to my balls, then licked them too. She spent so much time I was getting hard again. I did feel like I could cum again, but that would have been number four. I was just so high from booze and sex I guess. It scared me when I thought if I had the stamina, I would fuck her mom and auntie, it was time to quit.
We had house guests that night, as they could not drive. I made sure to be gone the next morning before they got up. What went down that night could not have been hotter, but the morning after when sober is another thing. At least no one was forced to do any of it. But I knew it was going to be an awkward scene at breakfast, one that I did not want to be part of.
Rita did not talk about it right away. She finally mentioned that event one night when she and I were pretty lit. It was not because she was upset about it, it seemed like it was because she was jealous of all the attention I got. She is one beautiful woman, and I can understand her wanting to be worshiped like I was as a guy with a hard cock. I have even thought about suggesting we open our marriage, even thought about a swinger situation to benefit her as far as getting some strange. It would be too hard to bring it up to a couple we are friends with.
I decided to let it go, and see if the subject came up again.