AUTHOR'S NOTE: Reading the previous chapters is mandatory to understand the setting and characters.
SUMMARY: A teenage virgin was asked to have anal sex with his crush. But first, he needs to be comfortable living with hot girls prancing around naked and learn to enjoy regular sex. With enough practice, he became good at it. Until he eventually became known as a sex instructor in campus.
All characters are eighteen and above.
****
Chapter 3: The Threesome
****
"Denise was wondering if she could join us in bed," I heard Lisa say.
I looked up from my bed to see Lisa and Denise standing in the doorway. Both of them were wearing matching short t-shirts and black thongs. As though they had planned this.
A threesome? With two sexy girls?
In that instant, flashing mental images filled my mind. I imagined having both of them in bed and peeling their panties off their slim legs. Taking off their tops and having two sets of D breasts pressing against me. Running my hands over their naked bodies. Lisa's curvy body. Denise's model-like slender frame.
Shit.
I got aroused just by looking at the two skimpily-dressed girls. My mouth watered at the sight of them. I didn't even know it was possible to salivate looking at girls like that, as though they were food. I guessed having sex changed a person. Or maybe it's just me.
It had been five days since I lost my virginity to Lisa. After having sex for three consecutive days and then not having sex for the next two days, my mind was starting to go sex-crazy.
Now that I was more comfortable with physical contact, at least with Lisa, I was starting to crave sex. The moment when my cock entered a pussy for the first time. The moment when Lisa's pussy clenched on my cock when she had an orgasm. The moment when I lay on top of a naked back and come inside her.
My cock rose in anticipation of being inside two pussies. Sex was starting to become my drug. A marvel how quickly I got hooked on sex. It had taken me just three times.
----
After having sex with Lisa for the first time on Saturday, Lisa asked me to cuddle with her again on Sunday. As soon as I agreed, she got me to strip naked on the couch and wanted to have sex immediately.
I was still a little reluctant despite already having sex with Lisa the day before. Or rather, my mind was reluctant. With no more hangover and headache to stop me, my mind started getting anxious, thinking about getting naked and having sex with her. The thought of physical contact sent imaginary bugs up my skin.
But Lisa persisted.
She got naked and then dragged me into my room for sex. She told me to kneel down on the bed and close my eyes.
As I closed my eyes, I already knew what was going to happen. Some variation of what happened the day before. Though with me kneeling like this, I didn't know how Lisa was going to put my cock into her. Doggy style? Or maybe she would take me in her mouth. I had always wondered how my cock would feel in her tiny mouth. Those sexy, full lips around my cock. I haven't had that yet.
"Keep your eyes closed, Ken. I'm going to touch you. Try not to flinch."
As I stared into the back of my eyelids, I felt her holding my hands. I could smell her. Lavender, the smell of her favorite shampoo. I wondered why I didn't notice this scent the day before.
"I'm kneeling naked in front of you," I heard her whisper. "Can you visualize my naked body even with your eyes closed?"
I nodded. Visualization had never been a problem for me. It was both a blessing and a curse, though it tends to be more of the latter for me. The mental image of physical touch itself usually made me feel bugs literally crawling on my skin. Very literal. Their tiny legs moving all over my body, sending shivers down my spine. Vivid enough to make me shudder each time.
But now, it's a blessing as I visualize Lisa's naked body. Her tanned complexion. Her glorious, teardrop breasts. Her smooth, creamy legs. Her peachy butt.
"Remember the first time we fucked on the couch?" she whispered.
I nodded again.
The very first time was when we were spooning. But my favorite memory was when Lisa straddled me. Watching my own cock disappear and reappear into her bare sex. Like watching porn and masturbating. Except it was her tight pussy masturbating my cock.
"Remember when you lie on top of me and come into my pussy? My hot, wet pussy?"
I gave another nod. Having an orgasm inside a tight pussy was how I got hooked.
"Open your eyes now."
I opened my eyes and saw Lisa lying below me on her back, pulling her knees to her breasts to reveal her hairless pussy.
With her legs spread open, it looked like a V-shape, an arrow. Telling me where the entrance was. 'This way in.'
Just when I thought sex with Lisa couldn't get any better, she was now presenting herself to me. Something about her being in this position unleashed an animalistic desire in me. She was mine for the taking. All mine.
Her plump lips were glistening. I thought it was the lube, but I could also smell her arousal this time. Another thing I failed to notice the first time we had sex. I also didn't notice the moment when she had released my hands.
My cock was also fully hard, standing at attention. Just a few inches above her waiting pussy. Waiting for me to enter.
"Fuck me, Ken."
Hearing my name was like typing a command on a computer. I leaned forward and pressed my cock on her lips. But as the mushroom head began to part her folds, my body suddenly froze.
I became acutely aware that Lisa and I were naked in my room. On my bed. My Lisa. My favorite person in the world. My biggest crush since high school. And now my cock was going to enter her.
"Ken? Just push in." I looked up at her face. She bit her lips. Her face was slightly flushed. Was this what arousal looked like?
"Please?" she pleaded. I stared into her green eyes. My favorite eyes in the whole universe. "I want you now."
Saying how much she wanted me seemed to have done the trick. I didn't want to disappoint her. I'd do anything for her. If she wanted me, I was going to give it to her.
I jerked my hips forward, savoring my cock entering her pussy again.
----
Kneeling between her open legs and watching my cock moving in and out of her was thrilling. Even more exhilarating was seeing how she was enjoying my cock inside her. Her moans were like encouragement, urging me in again and again.
"Ugh... ugh... ugh... ugh!"
I plunged into her wet snatch for what seemed like a long time. My legs were starting to feel the strain in that position. How do people fuck like this for hours? It was tiring. But I carried on, waiting in anticipation for the moment I started to feel her hip jerking and her pussy clenching, which would signal the arrival of her orgasm.
But it didn't come. As loudly as she was moaning, I couldn't get her off. I was starting to feel like a failure when she requested to change position.
Thankfully, she finally came when she was on top of me in cowgirl position. She straddled my hip as I lay on my back, riding me to her imaginary sunset that was her orgasm. The familiar tremor of her pussy as her orgasm erupted reminded me how much I liked having sex.
After she came, she leaned forward to kiss me while continuing to rock her hip back and forth. The thing about Lisa, I realized, was once she came once, the next few orgasms came easier and easier. She came again quickly on top of me as our tongue wrestled.
We changed position again. On her knees this time as she came twice more with me fucking her from behind. Then changed again to my favorite position to have an orgasm during sex, which I began to realize was also the only position I could ejaculate inside a pussy.
She lay flat on her stomach. I penetrated her on top before I came inside her. We rested for a while before going again in the same position, with both of us coming another time.
After coming the second time, as I lay on top of her catching my breath, I wondered how I could ever be reluctant to have sex with Lisa. I vowed never to reject Lisa whenever she wanted me, no matter how uncomfortable I felt at the moment.
After having sex with Lisa twice, Denise started to get very aggressive with wanting to have sex with me. She would wear nothing but panties and approach me at every opportunity. Each time pushing her beautiful breasts against my face. But I managed to hold her off. She still intimidated me too much.
Besides, I had Lisa. She was the only one I wanted. And she wanted me. It was enough.
But I came to realize she wasn't mine. She was Tony's. Even though I could have sex with her, kiss her, and writhe naked in bed with her, she was not my girlfriend. Never was, and never will be.
The first time the full realization hit me was on Monday night.
On Monday, with a full lesson schedule, I didn't have sex with Lisa until late at night. This time was shorter. It was just her on her knees where she came twice as I pounded into her from behind. Then I got on top of her as she lay flat on her front and came inside.
Immediately after I came, she skipped our usual post-sex cuddle and left my room. Half an hour later, I could hear her having sex with Tony. The sound of their lovemaking traveled to my room, haunting me like a ghost.
"Oh Tony... Tony... Tony..."
I thought I knew what I was getting myself into. But apparently, I didn't.
Each of Lisa's moans was like a stab to the chest. Over and over again. By the time they were done, my insides were raw and bloodied. As I lay on my bed and willed myself to sleep, I wondered if having sex with Lisa and finding out she didn't love me was worse than not having sex with her at all.
But by Tuesday morning, that thought disappeared. As long as I could be intimate with Lisa, I didn't care. The price to pay for enjoying her naked flesh against mine. I was willing to pay any price just to be with her in bed.
For the rest of the day, as I sat beside her in class, I kept stealing glances at her. Waiting for the moment when I could take off her clothes and touch her again. Seeing her in a blue bodycon dress that showed off her figure was exciting. I anticipated the moment when I could see her naked at home. Between lessons, I deliberately walked slightly behind her so I could admire how her mini dress flaunted her butt. I got aroused each time I thought of how her butt cheeks rippled when I pounded her from behind.
Even after having sex with Lisa three times, her attitude didn't change towards me. It was as though nothing had changed. As though we hadn't had sex. How could this be? How could people have sex and not be affectionate with each other after that? With my heart bursting with love, desire, and lust for her, all I wanted to do was declare my undying love for her over and over again.
But I bit my tongue. Maybe I needed to have sex with her a couple more times for her feelings towards me to change. Tony had years ahead of me. I needed to catch up.
As we walked back home after the lessons ended, I was almost giddy with excitement. To the moment where I could be inside her again. To hear her moans from my cock.
But that moment didn't come. Lisa and Tony had something planned that evening. Immediately after we returned to the house, she left with Tony to god knows where. An event they had planned to go to the week before. She was excited about it, but I hardly paid attention.
They came back late that night. I waited on my bed, half-trying to focus on my schoolwork. Half-waiting in anticipation for my door to open and for Lisa to walk into my room. Telling me she wanted to have sex with me again.
But that moment never came. Instead, I heard them fucking in Tony's room. My wounds reopened again. Worse this time, when I heard how Lisa had been waiting to have sex with Tony.
"Oh Tony, I've been thinking of your cock all day..."
Lisa never once told me how she had been thinking of my cock. I imagined Lisa screaming at the top of her lungs as Tony's monster cock entered her. The wall between Tony's room and mine shielded the sound for normal conversation. The noise only traveled clearly during sex. Maybe it was designed that way to torment me.
Denise was also there, her moans and dirty talk louder than Lisa's. Why can't I have Lisa while Tony had Denise? Tony had both of them for years. Why can't he grant me that tiny bit of happiness? Then I felt guilty thinking like that. Tony was willing to share his girlfriend with me.
As I listened to them having sex, I wondered how Tony felt whenever I fucked his girlfriend. He didn't seem to care. We never talked about it. And he wasn't angry or hostile towards me. If anything, there seemed to be a little pride in how I had grown. All these made me reluctant to hate Tony. I just couldn't do that. He was so kind, so generous, and so nice to me.
I hated myself for how much I hated Tony's guts.
When yesterday morning came, I was a walking dead, alive on the outside but rotting on the inside. As we walked to campus, I casually asked Lisa if she had anything planned for the rest of the day. My heart leaped when she said she didn't. We had a half day of school on Wednesday. Which meant I could finally have sex with her again.
Then white-hot rage grew inside me when she told me she was looking forward to date night with Tony. Something about going to see a musical. I had totally forgotten Wednesday night was their date night. They always disappeared immediately after school. Dressing all fancy with just the both of them. Sometimes they even booked a hotel suite because Tony could afford it.
On any other day, Tony would invite Denise and me along. Except for date nights. It was only reserved for Lisa and Tony. Which meant I would be spending the day alone again without Lisa.
I was at my lowest point on Wednesday. Somehow I had managed to go without sex for eighteen years, but the moment I experienced it, with Lisa no less, I couldn't manage to go without it for two days. I even started to contemplate having sex with Denise if she approached me again. I wanted sex. I needed it. The withdrawal hurt more and more with each passing minute. If I couldn't have sex with Lisa, maybe I could be with Denise. Denise's body was every boy's wet dream.
Thankfully, Denise wasn't home for the entire day as well. I couldn't do this to her. I couldn't substitute Denise for my Lisa. Even if she didn't mind me fantasizing about Lisa when my cock was inside her.
As I lay in bed alone, I wondered if Lisa didn't want to have sex with me anymore. Maybe I wasn't good enough. Maybe Lisa was starting to think that having sex with me was a mistake. Perhaps she thought I couldn't handle this whole casual sex thing. I hadn't even had a girlfriend before. How could I handle non-monogamous relationships?
I never liked having emotions. I didn't know how to deal with them. I couldn't think. I couldn't do anything else. It was like trying to swim up a waterfall but failing every time. Getting plummeted by the gushing water, pushing me below the surface. It was easier to just drown and die. I'd be contented to let the current sweep me under. A sweet relief to exhale my last breath as darkness took over. Except I couldn't die. It was like getting waterboarded over and over again. Stuck in a continuous loop of torment.
So I made a decision. The only way I could live in the same house and hear them having sex was if I stopped expecting to have sex with Lisa. Maybe having sex with her three times was enough. The highlights of my otherwise dull existence. The experience of having sex with my favorite girl, one of the hottest girls I've met in real life, was good enough. I shouldn't be greedy.
A guy like me shouldn't expect more. Because I didn't deserve more.
----
Seeing Lisa standing at the doorway beside Denise now, with her face showing every intention to be intimate with me again erased all negative thoughts from before.
Her sexy body was on display for me. Compared to Denise's slender frame, it only emphasized how curvy Lisa was.
It had only been three days since I last had sex with Lisa. Even most married couples had sex once or twice a week. But the last three days felt like three years. I wanted to feel Lisa's naked body against mine again.
If Lisa was finally going to have sex with me again, I didn't want to do it together with Denise. Threesome? Screw that. I wanted Lisa all to myself.
"Uh..." I looked at Denise and then back at Lisa, thinking the best way to say no to having Denise in bed with us.
"Maybe she can just watch us and then join us later?" Lisa said, giving me the smile I loved. Her strawberry-blonde hair seemed to glow in the afternoon sunlight.
"Or you can watch Lisa and I fuck each other first, then we can have a threesome." Denise smirked.
Somehow, hearing Denise's words seemed to have broken my resolve a little. The image of having two naked girls in bed was tempting. Maybe I should just accept it?
But even if I didn't mind having a threesome, I wasn't sure if I was ready for that.
Sure, A threesome was my fantasy. Like most guys. But in my fantasy, I was a confident, charismatic and cool guy. Not a wimp.
I looked at Denise's sexy form. Sexually, I was definitely attracted to her. In terms of my personal preference, if I was being objective, Denise was much hotter than Lisa. She could be a celebrity model. But personality-wise, I was still terrified of her. She always seemed to be like a tigress on the prowl for meat.
I'd love to have sex with Denise someday. It was the stuff of my fantasy. But I just wasn't comfortable being intimate with her just yet.
"I'm not sure if... I'm comfortable with that yet," I replied.
"You were not comfortable fucking Lisa before, but now you're enjoying it, right?" Denise said.
Lisa shot her an annoyed look. I didn't know why Lisa and Denise were best friends. The two of them were quite different. Except for their love for sex. Maybe that was the common interest.
"What?" Denise said, returning with an annoyed look of her own. "It's true."
"You don't have to put it like that." Lisa frowned.
"And how would you put it?" Denise challenged back.
Lisa ignored her. "Ken, we can just try it once? If you don't like it, we can stop."
"Of course he'll like it," Denise said. "My pussy has five-star rating."
"You're not helping," Lisa admonished her best friend again.
"Actually Lisa, let me talk to Ken alone," Denise suddenly said.
Lisa looked at Denise skeptically. "What are you trying to do?"
"Just talk to him. I'm not going to rape him," Denise said. "Yet."
"Just don't --"
"Don't worry Lisa, I won't scare him away. I can be a good girl if I want to."
Lisa rolled her eyes. Lisa looked at me, then she left the room.
----
"Ken, I have a proposition for you," as soon as Lisa left the room.
"Is this... about sex?" I asked skeptically.
"It's about Lisa."
"Lisa?" That got my attention. "What about her?"
"I can help you make her attracted to you. Maybe even fall in love with you."
My skepticism deepened. It was Denise. She was probably up to something.
But I was also intrigued.
"She already likes me," I replied, trying to make sure my voice didn't betray my feelings.
"But not in the way that you want right?" Denise said. "She treats you like a brother instead of a lover."
Ouch. I felt my arousal diminishing and the wounds reopening.
"She's with Tony," I managed to say.
"And they are fucking ME every night," Denise said. "They're not exclusive."
I knew they didn't exactly have sex every night. It was an exaggeration. But I could see her point.
"Just for argument's sake, how are you going to achieve that?"
"For argument's sake, why do you think Tony can get all the pussies he wants?"
"Because he's handsome."
"He is," Denise said. "He has a nice body. He has a huge dick. He's good in bed. But what else is special about him?"
"He's rich?"
"That too," Denise agreed again. "But he's also very confident. Being constantly surrounded by hot girls also helps."
"How does that help?"
"It's a social proof thing. When a guy gets surrounded by hot girls, other girls will think there's something special about him. It makes him more desirable."
"What do all these got to do with Lisa?"
"Lisa thinks of you like a fragile kid to be handled with care. That doesn't make her attracted to you."
"Then what would?"
"She needs to start seeing you as a sexual being. Someone every girl wants. That's the way out of the friend zone."
"I'm happy where I am," I lied. I didn't even know why I lied. Perhaps I was wary of Denise.
"Really?" Denise gave me a look that made me realize she knew I was lying.
"Uh..." I stammered, not knowing what else to say.
"You think she will keep having sex with you?" Denise asked. "And even if she does, she'll forever treat you like a kid brother instead of a lover. Don't you prefer if she treats you like a lover?"
Shit. This was getting too painful.
"Even if I agree to that," I said, trying to keep my voice even, "how are you going to help me?"
"I can help you to be more confident. More attractive. More desirable."
"I'm not as attractive as Tony."
"You're not bad looking. You're easy on the eye. You have nice features. You just need to improve yourself a little."
"Like what?"
"For starters, stop walking around like a mouse wanting to run away all the time. Girls don't like that. Wear fitter clothes. Stand up tall and straight. Open up your body like you own the place. Walk with confidence. Walk into every room like you're the most attractive guy. Talk to everyone like they are all attracted to you."
"That guy sounds like an asshole."
Denise chuckled. "You're also very cute, you know."
"Uh, thanks. But I don't want to be an asshole like that."
"Do you think Tony's an asshole?"
"No. He's one of the nicest people on earth."
Despite how jealous I was, Tony was a great guy. I could admit that. I could also admit that Lisa deserved him, no matter how painful I felt just thinking about it.
"You can be confident like Tony without being an asshole."
"And you think that will work?"
"If by 'work,' you mean getting Lisa to be attracted to you, I think it will. I know my best friend. She likes nice guys. You're nice. She likes smart guys. You're... a nerd." Lisa chuckled. "You make her laugh. You're just missing a few criteria from being her lover."
"Uh... I don't think Lisa's like that."
"Don't you want to find out?"
"I..."
"Even if this doesn't work, don't you want to be more like Tony?"
"Uh..."
"I can also help you to be good in bed. So good that every girl will want to have sex with you. I'll also help you have sex with a lot of girls."
That sounds like an offer that no guy can refuse. But I'm not an ordinary guy. I just wanted Lisa.
"I don't need to have sex with a lot of girls."
"Then at the very least, I can teach you how to give Lisa the best fucking experience every time. You want to make Lisa happy right? I can teach you how to fuck her good. She will be addicted to having sex with you. She won't know what hit her."
I did want Lisa to be addicted to having sex with me.
"Uh, I'm not comfortable with these kinds of... subterfuge."
"Subterfuge?" Denise laughed. "Oh my..." She laughed again.
"What's so funny?"
"Never mind. So? Do you want to make Lisa happy?"
Shit. Denise knew the right spot to hit. No wonder she wanted to be a lawyer. She would make a terrifying attorney. Even the judges would be afraid of her.
Despite her foul mouth and rude language, Denise was the opposite of a bimbo. She could be very smart, quick-witted, and sharp if she wanted. It also helped that she had a killer body.
I'd have liked her a lot if I wasn't intimidated by her.
"Why do you want to help me?"
"Because I think you're actually a great guy... despite your... quirks. But this is not going to be a free gift. I want something in return."
"Which is?"
"I want you to give me a fucking good fuck."
"Uh, don't you have Tony?"
"Tony fucks good. But I heard that you're not too bad yourself."
"But Tony should be better right?"
"I'd rather have two cocks I can fuck anytime than just one I got to share. And you can also enjoy my pussy whenever you like."
"That's..."
"Don't you want to fuck me? I know you do."
"Um, I'm happy with --"
"With Lisa. I know. But she's not always going to be available right? You have to share her with Tony."
Fucking ouch. Denise was playing dirty.
"Uh, I don't mind..."
"You don't mind sharing, right. But, even if that's true, why do you want to say no to having more pussy you can fuck anytime? You live with two sexy bisexual girls who love to fuck. It's such a waste if you're not fucking them every chance you get."
"I didn't know you were interested in me that way."
"Physically, you're not bad looking. And I heard you got a nice cock and can last long in bed. So why not?"
"Is sex really that simple?"
"It's not that complicated, Ken," Denise said. "Look, you want to fuck me, I want to fuck you, so why should we not fuck? Unless you don't find me attractive enough to fuck?"
It was a good logic.
"Uh... I find you... very attractive. You're gorgeous."
Denise had the decency to blush a little. Since when did Denise blush?
"Gorgeous enough to want to fuck me?"
"Uh..."
"You know, I've not worked that hard to get someone to have sex with me before. Especially a single, eighteen-year-old male. You're making me have doubts about myself."
I snorted. "I doubt that."
"Come on, Ken," Denise said. "I've seen you looking at my tits. You can touch them whenever you like."
"Uh..."
"I also give a very good blowjob. I taught Lisa how to deepthroat. Lisa hasn't even sucked your cock yet right?"
"Um, can we... can we at least... let me think about it first?"
"Nuh-uh," Denise said. "You'll probably just spend the rest of the time avoiding me in the house. Then Lisa will just scold me for harassing you. Then I would need to explain to Lisa about our deal."
"Uh, I... won't avoid you. I... I promise."
"The deal is I can have your cock whenever I want. You can use my pussy whenever you want. You can also use my mouth, and maybe my ass later. In return, I'll help you with Lisa."
"Can I ask one more question?"
Denise chuckled. "Sure."
"You can have any guy you want. Why me?" I asked. "I meant apart from the fact that we live together and you want to help me and all that."
"I thought I'd already answered that."
"Because I've got a nice cock, and I can last long in bed. And because I'm not bad looking. But there are more than a dozen out there who are more your type right?"
"How do you know what my type is?"
"Someone like Tony?"
"Hmmm... I'll tell you after we seal the deal and fuck.
"Why can't you tell me now?"
"You already hold all the cards. I'm not. I want to leave a little leverage for myself."
"That's... I don't understand what you're talking about."
Denise chuckled. "How about this... we'll just fuck once, and if you hate it, we won't do it again."
"I... I don't think I'll hate it."
"Then what's the problem?"
What's the problem? That's a good question. I didn't even know it myself. Did I want to have sex with Denise? Yes. She looked so sexy in just a thong. So then, why couldn't I say yes?
"I'm not sure myself," I confessed.
Denise chuckled again. "Come on Ken, just say yes."
"I need to think about it first. I can't decide now."
"Realistically, you're just going to keep stalling and stalling, like what you're doing now. You prefer to just let things happen to you instead of making a decision, because you're afraid of regretting it."
"That's... very observant."
"Lisa's not the only one who understands you, you know. You'll notice this more if your eyes are not always glued to her."
"Is it really that obvious?"
Denise rolled her eyes. "You're like a lost puppy who follows Lisa around everywhere, hoping to get more attention from her. Your mood and happiness are dependent on how much attention she gives you. That's not an attractive trait."
"Even if that's true, she's giving me attention. She's, uh, patting, cuddling, and playing with me. She's taking care of me."
Denise let out a snort. "Let's not continue this analogy before it gets too weird. My point is you're just allowing things to happen to you instead of getting what you want. Are you really content to continue living this way?"
I was starting to look at Denise in a different light. She was smarter and more observant than I gave her credit for.
"Are you really going to help me with that?" I asked.
"I am."
"What I meant was, you're not just saying all these to have sex with me?"
"I am saying all these so that I can fuck you. But I won't suddenly disappear or stop helping you if that's what you're concerned about."
"How long are you going to help me with this?"
"For as long as it takes to help you achieve your goal."
"My goal of getting Lisa to be attracted to me?"
"And even after that."
"Until when?"
I could tell she was trying very hard not to roll her eyes. "How about I agree to this for the remainder of college?" Denise said. "After that, we'll see what happens. But in the meantime, I won't suddenly abandon you halfway. That's a promise."
Denise was scarily smart. The way she emphasized certain words made me think she knew much more about me than she had been letting on.
I didn't really have any more excuses. Tony had also told me the same thing about taking action. I wasn't comfortable with doing this behind Lisa's back. It felt like I was plotting against her. But my rational brain told me it wasn't like I was manipulating Lisa. I was just becoming a better person. Lisa would definitely approve of that.
But more than anything else, I wanted Lisa to be attracted to me.
"... Alright."
"'Alright' as in you agree to the deal?" she asked.
"Yes, but..."
"No more buts!"
"Can we... go slower first?"
Denise grinned. "Don't worry. I got a lot of experience with inexperienced guys. They all love my pussy. You will as well."
I swallowed hard.
Denise left the room while I thought over the conversation with her. It was weird. Why did Denise want to have sex with me? Why did she want to help me? It seemed like too much work on her part just to have sex with me. If Denise was as smart as I thought she was, then we both know it was only a matter of time before I gave in to her seduction, deal or no deal.
Before I could find a probable answer, Lisa walked into my room.
----
"What did Denise want?" Lisa asked.
"She... uh... she wants to have sex with me."
"I know that," Lisa said. "But what else?"
"Uh... she said... uh..." Shit. I hadn't thought of what to tell Lisa. "She said she would help me to have sex with more girls."
"Is that what you want?"
"I'm... I said I'll consider it."
Lisa frowned a little. "What else are you not telling me, Ken?"
"Uh... she said... that's what you would want for me."
Lisa frowned grew. "She said that? And you're open to it?"
I swallowed hard. "I told her I'll consider."
"Did she do or say something that makes you uncomfortable?" Lisa asked. "You can tell me, Ken."
"Um... she... she's just being Denise... you know..."
Lisa seemed satisfied by the answer. "So did you agree to have sex with her?"
"I said I want to take it slower."
She nodded, satisfied with the answer. "Do you still want to have sex with me now?"
That's a no-brainer question. I tried not to appear too excited.
"Um, sure."
----
Lisa took off her top and panties, then applied a lot of lube to her pussy. Then she got me naked and applied lube on my cock.
I had sex with Lisa three times but hadn't had a blowjob or licked her pussy yet. I hadn't even touched her pussy with my fingers. We didn't even kiss before we got started. It was always just lubed up and jumping into sex immediately.
"Do you always have to use lube when you have sex?" I asked.
"Not really. Only when I'm dry," she said. "But lube's also good to avoid STI."
There were two concerns with what she said. But I focused on the one that mattered to me most.
"Are you always dry when you're with me?"
"Well, usually I get wet easily with foreplay."
"Is there any reason we don't do foreplay?"
She looked at me and hesitated. "Well... I'm afraid you might get freaked out if we start with foreplay. It's easier to lube up and then start fucking immediately when I'm with you."
I remembered how I almost freaked out the second time. "So if I don't freak out, we can have foreplay?"
"Are you comfortable with that?"
"I think so."
"See? You're always thinking, then spiraling, then running away."
"Um, we can start with foreplay first," I tried to convey as much assurance I could muster.
Lisa considered for a moment. "Maybe next time? I want you inside me now."
"Oh, sure," I said. I was still not used to hearing how much Lisa wanted me.
"Do you want a blowjob first?" she asked.
"Um, it's fine."
"Ken? What's on your mind?"
"It's just that... we've not done the other things yet."
"Like what?"
"Like... cunnilingus."
Lisa laughed. "You want to eat my pussy?"
"Uh, I want to learn how."
"Hmmm... maybe next time? I want your cock now."
"Alright."
----
I was flat on my back, with Lisa kneeling over me.
She lifted her hip and took my cock in her hand. I watched in anticipation as she placed the mushroom head between her lips and sat down, impaling me fully in one stroke.
I was going to have sex with Lisa again. It felt like ages since I was intimate with her.
The feeling of entering her for the first time was always the best. I heard Lisa moan as I bottomed out inside of her. I guessed that was the benefit of using lube.
I looked at Lisa sitting on my hips with her butt pressing down on my thigh. My cock disappeared between her folds. Our bodies connecting. All the negative feelings from the past few days dissipated. Like a warm ray of sunlight after a stormy night. Rainbow sailed into the clouds.
I was home.
Denise chose that moment to make her entrance. She strolled into the room with nothing on except a black thong. Her shirt had magically disappeared. Her circular jugs bouncing with each step. Staring at the spot where Lisa and my body connected as she approached us.
"Do you mind if I watch?" Denise asked nonchalantly as she sat on the bed. Her timing was impeccable. Maybe she was waiting for the right time to come in.
Lisa looked at me for approval. With the way things were unfolding, it looked like it was heading towards a threesome.
I wasn't that interested in a threesome now. After waiting for three days, I would rather be with Lisa alone. I missed her. I wanted her all to myself. Alone.
Denise gave me a look as if to remind me of our agreement. I glanced at her body. It was spectacular. If it wasn't for the fact that I was in love with Lisa, Denise would be my number one choice. Maybe I could get used to having sex with Denise.
And if I was going to have sex with her, then I rather Lisa be there as well.
I nodded.
As Lisa started to ride me in earnest, Denise shed her panties, kneeled beside Lisa, placed her hand on her neck, and pulled Lisa in for a kiss. Her other hand went to Lisa's tits and squeezed.
I've seen them kissing before but never naked like this. Watching two beautiful girls making out passionately in front of me while having sex with Lisa at the same time made me want to ejaculate immediately. But I knew I wouldn't. I couldn't.
I wanted to join them in their steamy embrace. Feeling their naked bodies against mine and sharing the passionate kiss. But instead, I laid back and watched.
Lisa continued to move her hip up and down as she made out with Denise. I took the time to admire the two naked girls.
I had seen their tits several times since the night on the rooftop but didn't have the chance to observe them without feeling guilty, ashamed, or scared. But now that it looked like a threesome was inevitable, I allowed myself to admire their bodies in all of their glory.
It was like watching porn, from the POV of the male actor. Except the cock was mine. I didn't even need to masturbate. Lisa's pussy was masturbating my cock. It was a wonder I wasn't already panting with desire.
The first thing I noticed was how uniformly tanned they were, including their breasts and crotches. I guessed that answered what they did on the rooftop in the afternoons.
Uniformly tanned were three of the physical attributes Lisa and Denise shared. The second one was their tits.
I knew they were both D-cups from how they frequently compared cup sizes. Though Denise's breasts looked bigger because of their shapes and her model-like frame. Her breasts were like taking a big sphere, chopping it into half, and pasting them on her tall, slender figure. Whereas Lisa's breasts were teardrop in shape. Lisa was also curvy with a wide hip and a big butt, making her breasts more proportionate to her body.
The third common physical attribute was their legs. Both were slim. Very leggy. Though when I looked at their bodies as a whole, they couldn't look more different. From their hip to their feet, Lisa's was a wide V-shape, whereas Denises's were like two thin sticks. But that's only when you look at Denise from the front. From the side, Denise's legs made her butt look perky because of the contrast. I had always wondered how it would feel like to enter that butt from behind.
Their vaginas also looked quite different. Lisa's lips were fat and plump. Denise's lips were almost non-existent. Denise was right. Her pussy was tiny, at least on the outside. I wondered how tight she really was.
Their mons were also hairless and smooth. I guessed that made four things in common.
Having sex with two beautiful girls. Fucking both their inviting pussies. Feeling both their naked bodies on mine. Perhaps I could really get used to this.
Denise broke the kiss. She looked at Lisa's body with desire as her hands explored her body. Tony was a lucky man to have these two beauties in bed all the time. But today, I was the lucky man.
Denise's hands trailed down Lisa's body, her stomach, her mons, and the place where our bodies connected. Then her hands traveled up my stomach.
I was surprised I didn't flinch. It was pleasure, not disgust. Maybe having sex with Denise wouldn't be so bad after all.
As Denise's hand moved up my chest and neck, she laid on my right side, and turned my head towards her. With her breasts squeezing against my chest, I was surprised at how warm her body was.
I looked into her eyes with our noses barely touching. Blue like Tony. She was so pretty. How had I missed this?
She leaned in slowly. Her lips parted just before they met mine. I opened my mouth to welcome her kiss.
I shuddered as our lips connected. It was so hot. So erotic. So arousing. I didn't know I could be more aroused with Lisa riding my cock. I moaned into Denise's mouth as her tongue flitted across mine.
I felt Lisa stop moving. I broke the kiss and looked at her. She sat on my hip with my cock still inside. We were a tangled of naked flesh.
"Ken, are you alright?" Lisa asked with a bit of concern in her voice. Lisa must have mistaken my shuddering and moaning for discomfort.
"I'm fine," I muttered. I was surprised by how much I wanted to kiss Denise again.
"Of course he's fine," Denise said. "He's having his first threesome experience."
The word 'threesome' was supposed to be the most exciting thing a boy hears. But it jolted something in my mind instead.
With both naked girls looking at me and touching me, the bug on my skin came back.
Shit.
My anxiety was starting to rise again. Shit. Shit. Shit. I didn't want to ruin this experience. Especially when I was having sex with Lisa again. Especially when I wanted to kiss Denise again.
I tried taking a deep breath and willed myself to calm down. Don't fucking ruin this. Don't turn this steamy wet dream into a fucking nightmare.
Why can't I be like a normal boy? Why did I have to suffer this... whatever affliction that made me afraid of physical contact?
I was supposed to enjoy the time of my life, not this... this stupid thing.
"Ken, look at me," Lisa said. I looked at her. "Do you want to continue?" she asked gently.
"Uh, yeah."
Lisa studied my face. "Ken, we can stop if you're not comfortable with this."
Denise rolled her eyes. So dramatic I could see it even from the corner of my eye. "Girl, he doesn't want to stop."
"You don't know that," Lisa spat back.
"Um, I'm really fine." I tried not to let my anxiety creep into my voice. "We can continue."
Denise rolled her eyes again. Lisa looked at her best friend. "Denise, get away from him."
"I'm not done kissing Ken yet," Denise answered rebelliously.
"Get behind me, bitch" Lisa said firmly.
I almost chuckled when it reminded me of the verse, 'Get behind me, Satan.' Denise was definitely a sexy little devil.
"You sure that's what Ken wants?" Denise challenged.
"Either get behind me now, or I'm kicking you out," Lisa said sternly. "Now."
Denise scowled at Lisa for a moment, then she got up and kneeled behind Lisa.
"Now what?" Denise grumbled.
Lisa looked over her shoulder. "Touch me."
Denise grinned over Lisa's shoulders. She reached under Lisa's arms and cupped her breasts.
"Ken, look at me," Lisa said. I looked up at her face. She looked down to where Denise was massaging her glorious tits. My gaze followed hers.
"Stroke my clit," Lisa said. Denise moved her right hand down Lisa's body. With her left hand still squeezing her breasts, her right made small circles on Lisa's clit. Lisa turned her head over her shoulder and drew Denise in for a kiss.
Lisa started rocking her hip again against my cock. I took a deep breath and tried to focus on the sensation on my cock as I watched them make out again while Denise rubbed Lisa with her fingers.
It was better than porn. A live porn show. So fucking hot.
"Urgh!" Lisa's hip jerked as she moaned, shaking her whole body. She began riding faster, up and down. My cock was slicked with white juice. Our combined sex juice.
"Urgh!" Lisa's body shook again. It shook each time she moaned. I pushed my hip upwards to match her rhythm, fucking her back, and earning a delicious moan each time.
"Oh fuck!" Lisa screamed. Her hip started thrashing as she rode me faster. I sped up my thrust.
Then she shrieked. "Ah!" Her hip buckled for a moment, breaking the rhythm before she caught up again. I felt the familiar sensation of her pussy gripping my erection. How I had missed this feeling.
Denise was fingering her furiously now as Lisa rode her orgasm. "Mmmph!" Lisa gave a final shriek as her legs jerked violently. She kicked out and rolled her head on Denise's shoulder before collapsing back down.
Spent, Lisa closed her eyes as she leaned against Denise to catch her breath. Denise wrapped both arms around her. They looked like a couple in love.
"Is it my turn now?" Denise asked once Lisa opened her eyes and lifted her head again.
"Not yet," Lisa replied.
"Now you're just hogging him," Denise scowled a little.
"Wait for your turn, bitch."
Lisa rode me again.
----
After coming for the second time riding me, Lisa collapsed on my chest.
She held me with two hands and kissed me. I lifted my head and allowed her tongue inside my mouth. I felt her hip continue to spasm as her pussy gripped and released my cock with each tremor.
When her orgasm subsided, Lisa laid her head on her shoulder as we cuddled. I wrapped my arms around her back. My love for her was as strong as before.
"At least let me suck him if you're just going to lie there," Denise said as she kneeled between my legs behind Lisa.
Lisa lifted her head and turned to Denise, scowling a little. I never understood these two.
Lisa raised her hip, lifted her left leg, and pulled my cock out of her. Then she got off me and cuddled on my left side.
As soon as my cock sprung into the air, Denise leaned towards my crotch and took me into her mouth. She began bobbing her head up and down my cock. I could feel the suction in her mouth.
My first blowjob. Right after I'd fucked Lisa.
I gripped Lisa's back with my left arm as Denise pushed my cock into the back of her throat. Her lips kissing the base of the shaft.
It felt different from a pussy. But no less pleasurable.
I watched the platinum-blonde bob up and down in my lap, rapidly revealing most of my cock before abruptly making it disappear again. With Denise deepthroating me, I wondered with gag reflex was really a thing. Maybe my cock was small enough not to gag on.
Denise looked at me with those twinkling blue eyes, observing the enthralled expressions crossing my face. I wanted to look away. It felt too intimate to look into her eyes as she sucked my cock. But I resisted. It felt rude to look away when a girl was giving you a blowjob.
I didn't have anything to compare, but I thought Denise was right. She was great at sucking cocks. My cock. It felt strange to be seeing a gorgeous girl sucking my cock.
As the pleasure swelled on my cock, sending pleasure hits on the rest of my body, I jerked my hip upwards to meet her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. I could feel Denise moaning each time, sending exquisite vibrations to my cock.
Lisa slid her hand from my chest to the bottom of my stomach. "Don't thrust," she whispered. "It's rude."
I was ashamed. My first blowjob and I was already making a girl uncomfortable.
Lisa kissed me on my cheek and said, "Don't worry. Denise likes that. But you should only thrust into a girl's mouth when she said it's okay."
I nodded. It was a lesson I wouldn't forget my entire life.
I turned to look at Lisa. I wanted to kiss her but I didn't know what the protocol was when another girl was sucking my cock. As nice as Denise's blowjob was, I still wanted Lisa.
Lisa got the hint and kissed me. My affection for her swelled again as our tongues danced. I felt her hand roaming my body.
The warmness of Denise's mouth was gone. I looked up to see Denise straddling me. She gripped my cock and placed it between her entrance.
Then she pushed it in. I watched my cock disappear into her tiny pussy, stretching it as she sat down. My hip jerked up on its own in response.
Denise was right. Her pussy was really tight. I could feel the walls expanding as I entered her. But also wet and smooth. Her hot snatch quickly accommodated my cock with just the right amount of resistance. Like a hot knife slicing through butter.
Very pleasurable. Even before I bottomed out, I felt my balls coiling as though I was about to come from sheer pleasure. But I didn't come. Like an orgasm without the ejaculation.
Now it was Lisa's turn to stroke Denise's clit as Denise rode me furiously. Lisa laid on my side as she idly fingered Denise.
I thought I was going to explode from Denise's tightness. But I still couldn't come. No matter how much I wanted to.
----
Denise came within a few minutes of riding me.
Then she got up, turned around, and kneeled back down, presenting her perky butt towards me.
"Fuck me, Ken," she yelled over her shoulder.
By now, I was addicted to Denise's tight pussy. I felt no resistance from my mind as I got up and kneeled behind her. Denise's butt wasn't as big as Lisa's, but no less spectacular. The kind of butt that beckoned my cock like a homing missile.
Lisa kneeled beside me. She gripped my cock and placed the mushroom head between Denise's folds.
"Fuck her," Lisa whispered.
As I pushed in, Denise pushed her hip back simultaneously. As I bottomed out inside her again, I thought I was going to have an orgasm just from the sheer eroticism and pleasure.
I held Denise's hip and started pounding away. I wanted to come so badly now. I rammed into Denise as hard as I could each time. It felt like I was inching towards an orgasm but never reaching it.
I went harder and faster, until the room reverberated with the sound of the smacking of fleshes.
"Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck!" Denise screamed.
Why was I reluctant to have sex with Denise? It was so pleasurable. So erotic. Her body was built for fucking. Especially her pussy.
Still kneeling beside me, Lisa reached between Denise's legs from the side and stroked her clit again.
"Fuck!" Denise's hip jerked. The walls of her pussy closing in on my cock, squeezing me tight. Tighter than I've ever felt before.
I kept thrusting on and on. I was more desperate to come now rather than focusing on Denise. Though she loved what I was doing and moaned continuously.
It took a few short minutes before she came again, stronger this time. Denise pleaded for me not to stop as she rode the wave of her orgasm.
I compiled without skipping a beat. Denise came again quickly in no time.
I stopped thrusting to catch my breath. Fucking in doggy-style position like this was always tiring for me.
Denise looked over her shoulder and urged me to go again. Her face was flushed. Her eyes glinted with desire. She was insatiable.
But I didn't want to continue like this. I wanted to come. And there's only one position I could come in. I couldn't come like this. I looked to Lisa for help.
Lisa gave me a little grin. "Me or her?" she whispered.
"You," I croaked.
Lisa lay flat on her stomach beside Denise. I got the hint and pulled out of Denise.
"Hey!" I heard Denise yelped.
I repositioned myself on top of Lisa's back. I pushed my cock down and leaned against her at the same time. Perhaps I should have checked that she was still lubricated before I penetrated her. But I didn't care anymore. I wanted to come inside.
Once I was fully inside Lisa again, I collapsed my weight above her and started thrusting my hip. One, two, three, four, five... By the fifth stroke, I let myself loose and finally released inside her.
----
It felt like my squirting wouldn't stop.
When it finally ended, with the last spurt deposited inside Lisa, I rolled over my back, pulling her along with me. Lisa lay on my side and beamed at me. As though she was proud of me. For some reason.
Lisa cuddled my side and looked at Denise. Denise was still kneeling down. She hesitated for a moment and then joined my other side.
Now I had two sets of bare tits pressed against me. Both D-cups. I wasn't particular about cup sizes, but now it brought out something in me. My cock was still miraculously hard. But I was contented to cuddle between two naked girls at the moment.
I finally understood why Tony insisted we all got king-sized beds. It was for moments like this.
Feeling their naked flesh against mine was comforting. I felt deep affection for both of them. And a lot of lust. I closed my eyes and enjoyed their warmth. It felt like I was at peace. Peace with myself and with the world.
Perhaps this was what heaven felt like.
----
When I opened my eyes again, Denise was gone. Lisa was on her stomach beside me, studying.
"Where's Denise?" I asked.
"She left a while ago," Lisa said. "She's not the cuddling type."
I looked at Lisa's naked form and admired her peachy butt.
"You can touch me if you want, Ken." She said without looking up. She wiggled her butt a little.
I reached out and placed my hand gently on her lower back. Then I moved it lower and began caressing her naked butt. I marveled at how soft and firm it was at the same time. The beauty of a woman's body.
I felt my arousal rising again as I massaged her butt. Gaining courage, I reached down lower between her legs. She opened them slightly to give me greater access.
I gently stroked between her folds. She was already wet. Or maybe it was my cum.
She opened her legs even more. "You can push your finger inside," she said without looking at me. I suspected she didn't want to scare me off with eye contact.
I tentatively pushed my middle finger inside. Half an inch. I pulled out and pushed in some more. I was surprised by how warm it was inside her. Even warmer than how my cock felt.
I pushed another finger in and began finger fucking her. I wanted to ask if I was doing it right, but she closed her eyes and was panting. So I guessed I was doing it right.
"Ken," she panted, "I want your cock."
I needed no more encouragement. I quickly got up and on top of her. I pushed my cock inside.
"Fuck me," she moaned.
I fucked her.
----
After we both came, I collapsed my weight on top of her and sighed with contentment.
Nothing was better than this. Alone together, inside her. Both of us enjoying the afterglow of sex.
As enjoyable as it was to have sex with Denise, she wasn't Lisa.
"That good, huh?" Lisa asked.
"Too good." I sighed again.
She giggled under me. "Seems like you enjoy having a threesome."
"I think I could get used to it."
She laughed, causing little tremors in her pussy. "Seems like having sex with Denise is good for you. You should do it more often. She'd like that."
I panicked a little, afraid she was pushing me away. "Uh, I rather be with you."
"Really? You looked like you almost came when you entered her the first time."
"I almost did," I admitted.
"If I have a cock, I would be fucking her 24/7," Lisa said.
"I still rather be with you."
"Well, there's no reason why you can't have sex with the both of us often. It seems like it's really good for you."
A warmth erupted in my chest at that thought. That sounded like a promise. "I don't think any guy would say no to that."
She chuckled. "What I meant is you're changing for the better."
"What do you mean?"
"This is the first time you touched me on your own, without any hesitation. I'm so proud of you, Ken."
It was weird how proud my friends were to see me having sex. It wasn't the kind of proud that guys high-fived each other after scoring a hot babe or getting laid. It was like I had just accomplished an insurmountable task, like climbing Mount Everest. I supposed not flinching away from physical touch was my Mount Everest.
"You make me feel very comfortable."
"Really? Are you sure it's not because of Denise?"
"What does this got to do with her?" I asked.
"You become more comfortable with physical contact after having sex with her."
"I think it got more to do with you than with her."
"Or maybe it's the threesome."
"Maybe we should do that more often," I said.
She chuckled again. "Maybe we should. I'm waiting for the day when you grab me from behind, yank my panties down and fuck me from behind."
How had I ever doubted that Lisa wanted to stop having sex with me?
"Uh, you want that?"
"When you're able to do that without any prompting from me, your training will be completed."
"It might take a while for that to happen." I didn't know what 'training completed' meant, but if it meant I would stop having sex with Lisa, then I didn't want that.
"Then we would keep having sex until that happens."
"What happens after that?"
"Then maybe we could find more girls to have sex with."
Why did everyone want me to have sex with more girls? I just wanted Lisa.
"You meant both of us together?" I asked.
"Of course. I'm not going to stop having sex with you."
I felt my heart almost burst from that thought.
----
"Ken."
I looked up from my desk to see Denise walking into my room and towards me.
I didn't know Denise was home. After cuddling with Lisa for a while, Lia said she needed to meet Tony and left my room. Denise had also gone out after the threesome.
So I ate dinner alone. It was Aglio e olio with bacon. The simplest to cook and one of the few dishes I knew best. After dinner, I went to my room and did my schoolwork.
Tonight, Denise wearing a pair of different panties. Less revealing than a thong, but she still looked very sexy in it. She probably looked sexy in anything.
She was topless, though her chest was covered by a weird foam pillow she hugged with her arms. She sat on my bed and patted the spot beside her, indicating for me to join her.
Usually, I would be wary of her, especially when she was wearing just panties. But we already had sex, and I was in a particularly good mood after spending time with Lisa. My mood was directly proportionate to how much time I spent inside Lisa.
I sat down beside Denise. I could even look her in the eye without flinching. She put the weird-shaped pillow on the bed. I tried not to stare at her breasts.
"Did you have fun just now?" she asked casually.
"Uh, yeah."
"So? Do you hate it?"
"I didn't." It was the opposite of hate. But I didn't want to give Denise the satisfaction she was right. She did have a magical pussy. Very addictive.
"So can I receive my payment now?"
"Your payment?"
"You said we can fuck each other whenever we want right?"
"I thought we already did."
"That was just appetizers. Now we can go to the main course."
"How does that work?"
"Take off clothes."
"No, I meant..." She leaned in to kiss me and I forgot what I wanted to say.
----
Kissing Denise and kissing Lisa were different.
With Lisa, it was passionate and loving, with my heart bursting with feelings. Or at least that was how I felt on my end. With Denise, it was arousing and erotic, with my cock bursting with desire. Each time our lips connected, there was always an electric charge, with the voltage ramping up the longer we kissed.
I didn't know whether Denise was a great kisser, or the fact that she was very hot, or I just enjoyed kissing her. It seemed like my mind just melted when we kissed. I couldn't think of anything else except how pleasurable it was.
I didn't know how long we kissed. Could be a few seconds or ten minutes. By the time we broke apart, it felt like I had just woken up from a dream. A very wet dream, judging from the state of my cock.
I didn't even realize her naked tits were pressing against me when we kissed.
Denise leaned back and beckoned me to look at her body.
"Do you like my panties?"
Her panties were like regular panties but sat high on her waist and exposed more of her legs than usual.
"They... uh, look good on you."
"This is high-cut panties."
"High-cut?" I asked.
One of the conversation techniques Lisa taught me was to repeat the last few words the person said. It's as though you're clarifying what they said while also showing that you're listening to them. It was the easiest conversation technique to use, especially when I didn't know what to say.
"It's like French cut but high-cut leg holes show more of my thighs," she explained. She stroked the hem of her panties with her fingers, where her legs and torso connected. It was so erotic just to look at her like that. She stoked my desire to overdrive just from one innocent act.
"French cut?" I asked absent-mindedly.
Denise grinned a little. I thought she was starting to understand my trick. "French cut means they sit high on the waist." She caressed the waistband on her flat tummy. Her tummy had two faint lines of abs. So sexy. I was starting to guess she was using her panties to seduce me. It was clearly working.
"Uh, good to know."
"It's part of the lessons I'm going to teach you."
"Part of the lessons?" I asked. I could do this all day.
"I'm going to teach you more about ladies' clothing. Especially lingeries."
"Why do I have to know that?"
"I like my men to know the difference between a French cut, tanga, Brazilian panties, and thongs. Most guys only know regular panties, thongs, and g-string."
I was guilty of that. In my mind, there were only normal panties, thongs, and g-strings.
I wanted to say, 'your men?' but even I thought it was getting annoying. So I switched to my second favorite response when I didn't know what to say. "Uh, right."
"There's also babydoll, chemise, camisole, teddy... next time, you can tell me which lingerie you want to fuck me in."
I swallowed hard. Denise was like a fantasy girlfriend.
Denise took the pillow and put it between us. It was a foam pillow that looked like a mini ramp. Thin on one end and fat on the other. Like a slope. "This is my favorite sex pillow. It's called a sex wedge."
"Sex wedge?"
"It's always good to put a pillow below the butt so that you can hit the g-spot better," Denise explained. "You know where's the g-spot located?"
"Uh, yeah," I replied.
"You should always aim to stroke the g-spot with your cock," Denise said.
"How?" I asked, intrigued.
"That's a lesson for another time," Denise said. "But a good rule is to imagine the head of your cock stroking the g-spot during sex. So having a pillow like this helps."
She lay down on the bed. Then she pushed the pillow below her until the edge of her butt was on the top of the ramp. She lifted her legs in the air.
"Take off my panties," Denise commanded. "Slowly."
I obeyed, grabbing her waistband from the side and slowly peeling them off. It was thrilling to take off a girl's panties and watch the revealing of her pussy. I slid her panties past her long legs and out of her feet. By the time she was fully naked in front of me, I was already dying to enter tightness again.
She gave a seductive grin, knowing the effect she had on me.
"The first lesson you need to learn is not to penetrate a girl until she's fully wet," she said. "Premature penetration is the shittiest thing a guy can do."
"No premature penetration. Got it."
"For today, I'll do it myself. Next time I'll teach you how to lick a girl's pussy," she said. "Watch me."
She sucked three fingers and wet them with her mouth, then put them over her pussy, pressing them lightly on her lips. She started rubbing them up and down as I watched in eager anticipation. Then she rubbed her fingers in a circular motion.
I almost groaned from the sight of her masturbating. It was so erotic to watch her play with herself. Soon, her exhalation grew louder while I felt my breath quicken.
"Take off your clothes," she moaned. I quickly shed my clothes without hesitation. Lisa was right; I was changing. A week ago, I wouldn't be comfortable getting naked with Denise. Now I was eager to get inside her.
I kneeled between her legs. With her butt raised from the pillow, my cock was leveled at her entrance. I held my cock just an inch away from her lips.
"Rub your cock on the lips. Make it wet first before you push in," Denise said.
I rubbed the head on her lips, coating it with her juice. Her sexual musk was different from Lisa's. Lisa's was like a heavy and sweaty musk. Denise's was lighter and tangy. It was weird how different arousal smelled with each girl.
Once my mushroom head was slicked, I rubbed my shaft between her folds, trying to coat the entire thing. Even when my cock was ready, Denise didn't say anything. Instead, she was contented to let me rub my cock at her entrance, sighing a little when I stroked faster.
I looked up at her face. Her mouth was slightly opened. She seemed to be enjoying this. It wasn't as good as being inside a pussy, but it wasn't unpleasant. I guessed this was what humping felt like. But I was getting impatient. I wanted to be inside her.
I stopped grinding my cock against her and put the mushroom head at the entrance, pushing it a little. "Can I push in?" I asked.
She smirked. "Funny how you didn't want to have sex with me in the first place."
"Uh, are we not going to do it?"
"Do you want to?" Her smile reminded me of the devil again. She was enjoying this.
"Sure," I said.
"That doesn't sound very convincing, Ken."
I wondered what's the right response here. It seemed like Denise wanted me to beg. Or maybe it was payback for all those times I rejected her.
"Please? I want this," I said. Now I knew why boys would do anything to have sex with girls.
"You're lucky you're cute," Denise said. "Push in slowly.
I was grateful I was cute. I pushed in slowly, feeling her vagina expanding again like before. Halfway in, she told me to stop.
I almost groaned. "Does it hurt?" I asked. I didn't want to stop now.
"Lower your knees. Open them wider," she said.
"What?"
"Just do it."
I followed her instructions and opened my knees to lower my hip.
"Lower," she said again. So lower I went, until the base of my cock was a few inches below her entrance. It was pointing upwards at an angle. I need to push up slightly to push in.
"Pull out a little," she commanded.
"Denise..."
"Shut up and just do it."
I obediently obeyed.
"Stop," she said when less than a third of my cock was inside. "Your cock is hitting my g-spot nicely. Remember this position."
"Uh, okay."
"When you start fucking me, remember to rub that spot."
"So I can't push in all the way?"
She chuckled. "You can, just remember to rub that spot. Imagine you're fucking my g-spot rather than my pussy."
"Uh, I'll try."
"Now you can fuck me properly."
----
It felt more like a tutorial rather than just sex. Denise was teaching me the proper way to fuck her.
But I supposed I was getting it right. She came quickly with her instruction. Then she asked me to go again and again, sending her on a series of orgasms, one after another.
After getting her fill, she taught me more ways to pleasure girls with my cock. Different angles, rhythms, and strokes. I was getting schooled in the ways of fucking.
We switched to doggy style with her on her knees again. This time it was a different set of rules. I had to push down on the way in to hit her g-spot.
On and on the lessons went. I didn't know there were so many techniques for having sex. Each position had different rules for fucking. Denise assured me there were many more techniques to learn. I began to realize I had been doing it all wrong. Without someone like Denise teaching them, I guessed that most guys never learned how to fuck properly.
Though I did have a lot of fun with Denise. My intellectual brain reveled in learning how to fuck like a champion. My cock reveled just to be inside her.
She also taught me to fuck her face.
"I love getting my face fucked," Denise said as I held her head in front of my cock. Standing up, I looked down at her kneeling in front of me. Her platinum-blonde hair, angular face, sharp jawline, and blue eyes made her so pretty. And Now I was going to fuck her pretty face.
She lifted her face, opening her mouth as an invitation. I pushed my cock into her waiting mouth. Pumping my cock in and out of her mouth was a different kind of experience. A certain kind of thrill. I didn't think I could enjoy that. I probably wouldn't do that to Lisa. Lisa's mouth was made for kissing.
Just as I was getting into it, Denise suddenly pulled back. She looked up and scowled. "Ken, if you want a girl to suck your cock, make sure you trimmed your pubic hair. It's making me gag."
"Uh, sorry," I said quickly. I hadn't thought of my pubic hair. I shaved it once in a while when it started to get bushy, but I never properly kept it groomed.
"Personally, I hate pubic hairs. Get a wax or something. It will also make your cock look bigger."
----
I had known Denise for a long time, but there were two new things I had learned about her that night.
The first was the more orgasms she had, the more sex she wanted. With Lisa, after two or three orgasms, she would sag into the bed, panting hard and needing a break. With Denise, it was as if each orgasm was like an adrenaline shot into her heart. Or like an arousal shot to her pussy. Making her demand more and more.
The second thing I learned was Denise was cruel. She wouldn't let me come until she had her fill. And the way she decided she had her fill was when the clock ran out.
By 2am in the morning, I told her I didn't want to have sex anymore. Not only was I too tired to continue, but it was also a school night. By my estimation, we had been fucking for four hours already.
A four-hour sexathon might make a guy proud and brag about it the next day with a swollen chest. But not me. I began to realize how exhaustive sex could be. My lower back and thighs were burning. Whoever said they could have sex the whole day was probably lying.
And it was a huge torture to have sex for four hours and not be able to ejaculate. Particularly with a tight pussy like Denise's. It was like a cork in my cock prevented me from coming. I felt my cock and balls were going to burst. If it wasn't for the fact that I had ejaculated a few times inside Lisa before, I'd have thought that something was wrong with me. Maybe there WAS something wrong with me.
My ability to not ejaculate for hours while remaining hard (or rather my inability to come except in one position) made Denise very happy and proud. Despite my inexperience, Denise told me I was a good fuck. Which, accordingly to her, was quite rare for a newbie. She said she had lost count of the times she had come after the fifth orgasm.
Again, hearing that might have made any guy puff up their chest. But I was past the point of caring anymore. I told her I wasn't going to continue. I was going to sleep.
After firmly rejecting her for another round, she eventually acquiesced. She lay flat on her stomach and asked me to come inside her. When I hesitated, mostly because I really wanted to sleep, she arched her back and wiggled her butt in the air. Eventually, the sight of her perky butt was too much to resist. So I got on, and after just a few strokes, I finally uncorked my cock and erupted inside her.
Fully spent, I was about to get off her when she said I was a good boy and should have another one. I hesitated again. I had no more energy left. But she coaxed another orgasm out of me by telling me she felt really bad I had only come once and wouldn't be able to sleep until I had at least another one.
I didn't want her to have insomnia. So I thrust into her from behind again as I lay on top of her. It was a lazy fuck. But still very pleasurable nonetheless. I closed my eyes and focused on nothing else but my pleasure. I didn't care about all the lessons anymore. I just wanted to come again and go to sleep.
After finally managing to come inside her a second time, I rolled off and felt my eyelid drooping down.
Before I dozed off, the last thing I heard was Denise saying, "Can't wait to do this again tomorrow."
----
Denise pressed her naked tits against my chest and kissed me as I sat down on the island counter in the kitchen.
The kiss was electrifying, waking my brain up better than coffee. Her kiss was also full of promises. But at the moment, I didn't want those promises.
After last night, I was still a little traumatized from having sex with Denise. No matter how aroused I was starting to feel at the moment just from the kiss. I was beginning to think there's such a thing as too much sex.
I had woken up in my bed with my thighs and lower back feeling sore.
Sex was like an exercise. And like any exercise, my muscles ached from overexertion. Especially since I hadn't used those sex muscles for eighteen years.
By the time I made my way into the kitchen, Denise and Lisa were already there in just their panties. Today it was g-strings. I wondered if they coordinated what panties to wear every morning.
I was usually the first one awake in the house. I always had been a light sleeper. Even with a sleep mask on, my body would be awake when the first ray of light entered my room. Then my heart would start pounding uneasily, followed by a sense of dread. As though something terrible had happened. No matter how late I slept the night before, I couldn't go back to sleep. My doctor told me morning anxiety was common for people with anxiety disorder.
Somehow today, I managed to sleep through the morning and wake up later than usual, even without a sleep mask. Even stranger was how I had woken up without the usual morning anxiety. I guessed the combination of oxytocin, serotonin, and GABA from having sex and physical contact had soothed my anxiety. After all, antidepressants and anxiety medication were mostly about boosting GABA and serotonin. Maybe if I had a sex marathon every night, I could throw away my medicine. If only sex was the prescribed treatment for anxiety.
Lisa frowned and made an annoyed sound as she watched us kiss.
"What?" Denise said to Lisa. "If you want a kiss, just ask."
"Since when did you kiss Ken?"
"Since he made me come so many times, I nearly died."
Lisa frowned again. "You alright, Ken?"
"Why wouldn't he be alright?" Denise asked. "He got to fuck me for four hours last night."
"Was it really four hours?" I asked grumpily. "Felt more than that."
Denise chuckled. "I'm a little sore today. You're good at stretching me out."
"G-good to know."
"You alright, Ken?" Lisa asked again. "I was worried when I saw you were still sleeping."
I knew what she was concerned about. On most mornings, I woke up with anxiety. But once in a while, I would have depression so severe I couldn't get out of bed. But it had been a long time since I had an episode.
"He's more than alright," Denise said. "He had a threesome yesterday and fucked my pussy before he slept. That's why he overslept."
"Shut up!" Lisa snapped. Denise scowled at her for a moment, then turned away.
Denise brought me a coffee and then went to the stove to make me eggs. Another surprise. I was the only one who usually made breakfast. I hadn't seen Denise cook before. I didn't even know she knew how to turn on the stove.
Lisa turned to me and waited for an answer. "I'm fine," I told her. It was the truth. I was in a good mood, despite my sore muscles. "I just overslept."
"See?" Denise said without turning back.
"Shut up!" Lisa snapped again. I never understood how they were best friends. They seemed to be enemies half the time. Though for the other half, they seemed to be more intimate than regular lovers. I knew for a fact that they cared deeply for each other. It was like on the surface, they hated each other as much as they loved each other. It was confusing as hell.
I drank my coffee and admired Denise's butt. With just a g-string, it was like she wasn't wearing anything. Flashes of memory of how I fucked her from behind came to me, making my cock hard. She did have a very nice butt.
Denise brought me scrambled eggs. It was dry, but I gave her five-star for the effort. It was an affectionate gesture, I guessed.
The two girls stared at each other as I ate in silence. I wondered if something had happened between them. Most mornings were quiet. They were not morning people. Only Tony was. But Tony never came to breakfast with us. Something about intermittent fasting.
Tony was always busy. He would wake up in the early morning and go for a run. Then he would disappear by the time everyone was awake. Sometimes he would give us a lift in his car. If not, I wouldn't see him for most of the day.
As soon as I ate the last bite of my eggs, Denise turned to me.
"You done?" Denise asked. "I don't mind a quick morning fuck."
"I thought you said you're a little sore," I replied. I didn't want a quick morning fuck. The chances of me not being able to come were high. I didn't want to go to school with blue balls.
"The best way to soothe the sore is a good fuck. Come on, Ken." Denise gave me the look that told me I needed to keep up the end of our deal.
"N-now?"
"Unless you want to fuck me over the table?"
When I didn't reply, she dragged me back to my room.
----
"Are you alright, Ken?" Lisa asked for the third time as we walked to our first lesson.
True to what I had anticipated, I didn't manage to ejaculate after having sex with Denise. After she dragged me into my room, she took off my pants and boxers, then kneeled on my bed. She pushed the g-string aside and told me to fuck her.
I guessed wearing just a g-string and showing me her butt in the kitchen was to work up my appetite.
I didn't even need that much coaxing. Looking at her perky bubble butt in the kitchen made me yearn to be inside her again. By the time I was inside her, all the reluctance was gone. I wondered how her pussy was still so tight after having so much sex. Maybe the part about stretching your pussy wasn't true.
After she came once, she asked me to go again. I compiled, hoping she would allow me to come after that. But it didn't happen. After her second orgasm, Lisa barged into my room and told me we were going to be late.
So I grudgingly got dressed and followed Lisa out of the door. I hoped I didn't smell like sex.
"Yeah," I told Lisa. I was definitely alright, except for the fact I had sex without being able to ejaculate.
Lisa frowned a little. "Did something happen with you and Denise?"
"What do you mean?"
"You seem... different?"
"In what way?"
"Just... different."
"Is that bad?"
"It's..." Lisa stammered. "So you have no problem having sex with Denise?"
"Uh, I'm getting used to it."
"Seems like you're doing more than getting used to it."
"Is that a bad thing?"
"No, it's not. It's good. But... I just want to make sure Denise's not doing anything you're uncomfortable with."
"It's nothing bad," I tried to reassure her. "I'm uh, having fun."
"Really?" Lisa wasn't convinced.
Lisa kept badgering me for the rest of the day at every opportunity.
I did feel different. I wasn't sure if the threesome or sex with Denise had changed me. Or perhaps I could finally have sex with Lisa again.
Lisa was right. Sex was good for me. I hadn't been in such a good mood for a long time. It wasn't the high I felt when I had sex with Lisa the first time. It was more like I had reached a state of zen. A state of tranquility that made me feel very at peace with myself. Sex was definitely good for my mental health.
After the lessons ended, and as we walked home, Lisa asked, "So you don't have a problem having sex anymore?"
"I guess," I said.
"You guess?" There was a little ice in her tone. "You didn't even hesitate when Denise asked you for sex earlier this morning."
"Uh, I'm trying to get used to it."
"Get used? So you won't refuse to have sex with me anymore?"
"I won't." It wasn't even a question.
"Good. Then you're going to fuck me when we get home."
----
As soon as we got home, Lisa held my hand and dragged me into the kitchen.
She placed both hands on the counter, leaned forward, and thrust her butt out.
"Take off my panties and fuck me like this," Lisa commanded.
I looked at her from behind. She was wearing a dark blue blouse and black skirt that ended halfway down her thigh. But bending forward in this position, the skirt was already showing the bottom of her butt.
"Take off your panties?"
"Yes Ken, reach under my skirt and pull my panties down," she commanded. "Then take out your cock and fuck me like this."
"Uh, here?"
"Didn't you say you won't refuse to have sex with me anymore?"
"Lisa --"
"You didn't even hesitate when Denise asked you to fuck her this morning!" she spat. "Why are you hesitating now?"
I looked at her ass sticking out towards me. Her creamy legs and butt cheek were an enticing contrast against her black skirt. I was also still very horny from earlier. I definitely didn't mind sliding in like this.
But something about Lisa's attitude was nagging at the back of my mind.
"Can we go to my room at least?" I asked.
"No!" She yelled. "Take off my panties and fuck me like this."
If Lisa really wanted this, then I should just give it to her.
I placed my hands on the side of her thighs, just below her skirt. I slid my hands up her creamy legs, under her skirt, until my fingers found the thin material of her g-string. I grabbed the waistband and slowly pulled them down.
I watched her panties slide down her legs and drop to the floor. Lisa lifted her legs and kicked the panties aside. Then she spread her legs wider.
"Now take out your cock and fuck me, Ken."
I unbuckled my pants and dropped them together with my boxers. I stepped out of them and stood behind Lisa. I lifted her skirt a little and pushed my cock between her legs. I was already very hard and raring to go.
She reached down between her legs and positioned the mushroom head between her lips, pushing it a little until most of the head was already inside. Somehow she was already wet.
"Grab my butt and push in."
I reached my hands underneath her skirt and felt her butt. I thrust my hip a little until the entire head was inside her folds.
My heart was pounding with anticipation. Her warmth and wetness were so inviting. Her butt cheeks felt so smooth to touch. Entering her like this with her skirt still on in the kitchen felt like a taboo. But it only made me pant with desire.
"Push in, Ken."
I pushed in slowly, savoring every moment until I felt her butt on my thighs.
"Now fuck me, Ken."
"Um, Lisa? Can I ask you a question?"
"No Ken, you may not."
"Please?"
She sighed and looked over her shoulder at me. "Yes?"
"Can I kiss you?"
"Maybe later. I want you to fuck me like this first."
"Um, I want to kiss you now. Like this."
"In this position?"
"Yeah..."
She hesitated. "Okay, but you cannot pull out."
"I won't."
"And you cannot suddenly say you don't want to have sex with me. I don't like it when I have to push you to have sex with me."
"I promise I won't."
"One more condition," Lisa said. "I want you to play with my tits."
"Uh, sure."
"You have not played with my tits yet."
"I thought I did."
"You spent more time staring at Denise's tits than mine! I was beginning to think you didn't like mine."
"Uh, I like yours very much."
"Then show me how much you like them."
"How?" I asked.
"Take off your shirt."
"My shirt?" Even though I was naked from the waist down and already inside Lisa, somehow I didn't want to be fully nude in the kitchen. I wanted to preserve my last little bit of modesty.
"Ken! You already promised me you would stop hesitating!"
I didn't know why Lisa was so angry. Was it because I had sex with Denise? But Lisa was the one who told me she wanted me to have sex with Denise in the first place. She encouraged it. And she was proud of the fact I had sex with Denise. Something was clearly off.
"Okay, I'll take off my shirt."
By the time I got my shirt off, Lisa had taken off her blouse and was in the midst of unclasping her black bra. I watched the strap unsnapping on her back.
As she threw her bra on the floor, I could feel a little anxiety rising again. I was fully naked. I was hard inside her pussy. Lisa was wearing nothing except a short skirt. It was starting to get too much.
Less than a week ago, I was a virgin. Now I already had sex multiple times. I had a threesome. I was standing naked and fucking Lisa in the kitchen.
Lisa and Denise were two of the hottest girls in my high school. They were every boy's wet dream. Now, they were both demanding to have sex with me. I was the weird kid, too odd to be friends with. Now I was living a dream, having sex with my dream girl. What was I missing here?
It felt too good to be true.
"Ken?" Lisa looked at me over her shoulder. Her tone was much softer this time. "Are you alright?"
"Uh, yeah. Can I ask you another question?"
"What is it?"
"Are you angry with me?"
"I won't be fucking you like this if I was."
"Then why --"
"Ken," she cut me off. "Lean against me."
"What --"
"Lean against me, Ken." The ice in her tone was back.
I leaned in and pressed my chest against her back. Her face was inches away from mine. The familiar comforting feeling was back, pushing away the anxious thoughts. Lisa always knew how to put me at ease.
"Grab my tits," she whispered.
I reached out in front of her and cupped her breasts. So soft.
"I want you to kiss me and play with my tits while you fuck me slowly like this. Can you do that? For me?"
I needed to understand what was going on. But not now. Now I need to give Lisa what she wanted. She wanted me. I couldn't deny her.
I took a deep breath and willed my body to relax. I focused on the pleasure of my cock inside her warm pussy. Her legs against mine. Her butt on my thigh. Her back on my chest. Her breasts in my hands.
I leaned in and kissed her, massaging her breasts as I fucked her slowly from behind in the kitchen.
****
Chapter 4: The Incident
****
"Do you want to watch Denise licking your cum out of my pussy?" Lisa asked after I had just ejaculated into her.
I was still trying to catch my breath as I lay on top of her from behind. I was entering my Bliss Zone where I could close my eyes, feel my body on top of Lisa, my cock inside her and just enjoy the moment.
But the thought of Denise licking Lisa's pussy? Damn. My cock gave an involuntary twitch at that image. How could anyone say no to that?
"Sure," I said.
"Sure? That doesn't sound convincing, Ken," Lisa said. "Tell me if you want it. If not, I'm not going to force you."
I swallowed. "I want."
"You want what?" Lisa asked.
This felt like another practice session from Lisa. Like a parent teaching a kid to go to a shop and buy something all by himself for the first time.
I wondered why I always had trouble expressing how I really felt. I already had sex many times, but I still couldn't admit I wanted sex. Perhaps the thought of rejection made me anxious. Perhaps I still couldn't believe that two beautiful girls wanted to have sex with me all the time. Perhaps I was just waiting for the moment when they decided they didn't want to have sex with me anymore. Despite what Tony said about taking action and pursuing things that I wanted, pursuing things meant it might end up in failure. You wouldn't fail if you didn't try.
"Ken," Lisa said, lying below me. "Don't overthink it. Tell me what you want."
I tried not to stammer. "I want to watch Denise licking my cum out of your pussy."
I could tell Lisa was trying hard not to grin. "Then you need to do something for me."
"Which is?"
"Go find Denise and tell her you want to fuck her. Then bring her back here. And don't tell her I said that."
"Um, why?"
"Just do it. And do it quick, before all your cum dripped out of me."
Before I had time to overthink, I pushed myself up and out of her. Then I got off the bed and walked towards the door. My cock bounced in front of me with every step.
As I exited the room, I heard Lisa shouting, "Clock's ticking, Ken!"
I walked into the living room, found Denise lying on the couch and talking on the phone. She was wearing bikini-panties today, with her other hand inside, playing with herself.
Shit. What to do now?
I walked up to her, standing beside her feet. My cock pointed towards her. It was slicked with white juice.
She smirked when she noticed my erection. Pulling the phone away from her ear, she asked innocently, "Can I help you with something?"
I repeated softly what Lisa asked me to say.
"Say that again? I couldn't hear you."
"I uh, I want to fuck you."
"Come again?" Denise looked at me innocently. I knew she heard me this time.
I repeated again without stammering, much louder this time. My face was flushed with embarrassment.
"Now?" Denise asked.
"Yeah, now."
"Now what?" she asked.
I wondered if Tony, Denise, and Lisa sat down every week to plan my practice sessions, along with designing new ways to torment me.
"I want to fuck you now. Uh, can you come to my room?"
"Is this urgent?" Denise asked.
"Uh, yeah."
"Why is it urgent?"
"Uh, I uh, I want you now," I managed.
Denise grinned. She put her phone back to her ear. "Ezra, Ken wants to fuck me now. Talk to you later."
Then she put the phone down and looked at me. Her other hand was still idly playing with her pussy.
The clock's ticking.
"Uh, can you come to my room now?" I asked.
"Help me up," she replied.
I took her hand and pulled her to her feet. Then I brought her to my room.
Lisa was lying on her back, her knees pressed against her breasts.
"Bitch, come lick Ken's cum out of my pussy," Lisa ordered.
Denise looked shocked for a moment before she grinned. But despite how Denise had reacted, I was pretty sure they had planned this.
That threesome was one of the best I ever had. I got to watch Denise and Lisa going down on each other, each time after I came inside them. I didn't even want to participate. I was contented just watching them. Two of my favorite girls licking each other's pussy, it felt blasphemous to join in. I was unworthy.
Still, it didn't stop them from getting me to join. I hardly needed much encouragement anymore.
It started with Lisa asking me to take off Denise's panties as she slurped my cum out of Lisa's snatch. By the time I peeled Denise's bikini panties off her legs, I didn't even need Lisa to yell, 'Fuck her cunt!'
I simply did.
----
It had been about a month since my first threesome.
Having sex with two girls at the same time at least three or four times a week was one of the new changes in my life.
It felt like there were new changes every other day. Each new development threw me off balance.
I was struggling to keep up.
Whenever I was starting to feel comfortable with my new reality, feeling as though I was now standing on firm ground, the sand shifted yet again, changing the rules, and I found myself sinking into quicksand.
The first change was the amount of sex I had. The past month felt like a never-ending sex marathon session. I didn't think there was a full 24-hour period where I didn't have sex. I was actually grateful for those times I wasn't inside a pussy. I loved sex a lot, perhaps a little too much, but it was really starting to get too much.
I guessed I shouldn't be complaining. It was like a billionaire complaining he had too much money.
Whenever Lisa wasn't busy or with Tony, we would have cuddle sessions. Unlike before, when Lisa's cuddle session was basically trying to get me to have sex with her, we actually cuddled now.
We'd come back from school and cuddle on the couch or on my bed. We'd alternate between studying, cuddling, having sex, studying again, then cuddling. Sometimes Denise would join us, and then we would have a threesome.
On most nights, Denise would come to my room and then we would fuck. She would disappear back to her room after sex, then request to have sex again the following morning before lessons.
I kept to my end of the agreement and accepted Denise's request for sex every time. Like she said, I had two bisexual girls living in the same house who loved to fuck. So why not enjoy their pussies as much as possible?
So I enjoyed their pussies as much as possible.
Denise also kept her end of the agreement by teaching me how to be better in bed.
Every night with Denise began with kissing, with her teaching me how to kiss correctly. I found out how much I loved kissing. It was thrilling. Though kissing Lisa was better. More sensual and romantic instead of erotic and fun like with Denise. Nothing was better than kissing Lisa.
After kissing, it was oral sex lessons. Denise taught me how to use my hands and mouth to get her off. Her rule was I needed to get her off at least twice with oral sex first before my cock was allowed into her pussy.
But before I could touch her pussy each night, I also had to make sure she was fully aroused first. No premature penetration. It wasn't difficult. Denise was always aroused. Still, she taught me how to touch her body, how to kiss her neck, how to play with her breasts, how to suck her nipples, how to stroke her erogenous zones, and how to use my tongue on different parts of her body.
As I became more comfortable and better at sex, Lisa also allowed me to kiss her and have foreplay first before we got to the main event. Though she was always in a hurry to get my cock inside her. On most occasions, I would spend less than a minute with my tongue between her legs before she told me she wanted my cock inside her.
Then it was lessons in different positions. Denise taught me everything to know about sex. She taught me how to use my cock like a weapon. At the end of each lesson, she always reminded me I was still a beginner. There was still much to learn.
Intellectually, it was fun to learn more about sex. There were so many things to learn. I got to admit, I was looking forward to each lesson.
"Most guys just go hammering away in and out during sex," Denise said. "Not only does it not work for all girls, it's also fucking boring."
Then Denise taught me one of the most effective ways to fuck a pussy. It's called the scooping method.
"Instead of just thrusting in and out, imagine your cock is like a scoop," Denise explained. "When you push in with your hip, angle it slightly towards the bottom. When you pull back out, tilt your hip up so that your cock rub against the top of my pussy and my g-spot."
I tried to follow her instruction, angle down on the way in, then tilt my hip up on the way out to perform the scooping motion. I imagined my cock like a shovel digging sand. It felt unnatural and took me many tries to get the hip movement right. But Denise was patient.
"When you're deep inside, push your hip as far inside as possible with all your strength. Press against me. Hold my butt and pull me as close to you as possible."
Once I finally got the hang of it, Denise moaned loudly.
"Fuck... Fuck yes... That's it... Now faster and harder... Yes... Urgh! Make a circular motion with your butt... Urgh! Bigger circle... Yes... Now faster... Fuck me harder..."
It was tiring and uncomfortable to perform that hip maneuver. My abs and butt ache after that day. But Denise said I was building the right muscles.
Once I mastered that skill, Denise taught me to vary the technique, rotation, rhythm, angle, and speed. She taught me that sex had three parts.
The first part was helping the girl to warm up her pussy. Start off slow and shorter thrust first. The second part was to find what the girl liked best.
"Every girl is different. We also like to be fucked differently every time," Lisa said.
The goal of the second part was to help build the girl to an orgasm. Then the third part was the finisher. The finisher for girls tends to be the same every time.
"Once you know the girl's finisher, you can use it every time to bring her off," Denise instructed.
Denise also had rules for fucking. One of the rules was to find out what techniques, speed, and angle work best for the girl.
"Every pussy's different," Denise said. "You're lucky that Lisa and I know what we like. We also come easily. But not every girl is like that."
"Should I ask them then?" I asked.
"You can, but not every girl knows what she likes. But you can also vary your technique and ask the girl what she likes better. It's easier when she has examples to compare from."
"So I should try one, stop, try another, and ask her which one she likes better?"
"That's one way of doing it. But not every girl is vocal and likes to talk during sex. It's better if you learn how to read her body responses."
The body responses, according to Denise, were her breath, her moans, the contraction of her pussy, and the stomach muscles.
"A lot of girls fake it during sex. But a reliable predictor she's close is her stomach. If she starts trembling there, you know you're doing it right."
"Do you... fake it?" I asked.
"I don't," Denise said firmly. I don't see a point in that. If he's a bad fuck, he's a bad fuck. Giving him the impression that he's good is encouraging him to be bad. I'm not going to do that."
I almost winced from how harsh Denise sounded. "So... what would you do if he's bad?"
"If the guy's bad, I tell him. If he's willing to learn, I will show him. But some guys hate that, as though their egos bruise if a girl tells them what to do." She rolled her eyes. "Don't be that guy."
Physically, having sex with Denise was satisfying. Besides how hot she was, she was also very vocal and responsive during sex. There's nothing like hearing how good my cock felt inside her. It was a nice ego booster.
Denise could get me hard just by exposing her body to me. I still wasn't used to the fact that someone as hot as Denise would want to have sex with me. So once I started getting comfortable with sex, Denise's desire for me was very flattering.
That became addictive once I started having sex with her almost every day. I got hard whenever I looked at her panties and imagined myself inside her. She was always in just her panties in the house.
But then it became tiring. Denise wanted to have sex all the time and for very long durations, refusing to let me come for hours.
There was still only one position that I was able to come in. I was weird like that. Denise called it prone bone, which involved me lying on top of a girl with the girl lying flat on her stomach. Lisa commented maybe I felt safe to let myself go in that position.
Denise also wanted me to train to control my ejaculation in prone bone position.
"Why do I have to control my ejaculation?" I asked.
"Lisa thinks you can't come because you're on medication. Or only when you feel safe to do it. But you shouldn't rely on that. You should be able to control your orgasm and only come when you want to. Not because you need to."
That training involved me lying on top of Denise but trying not to ejaculate. I failed every time. It didn't help that Denise always did that training only after having sex for hours. By then, I was ready to burst. I didn't want to control my ejaculation. Usually, after a few strokes in prone-bone position, I was ready to take off. I often did.
But Denise persisted with that training. She said she'd reward me by letting me fuck her face if I could hold on longer than the previous time.
I never liked watching porn where a guy crammed his large cock down a girl's throat. Didn't look comfortable for the girl. But Denise loved it. So did I. I never expect to like it so much. Lisa had a theory that, similar to how I could only ejaculate in one position, face fucking was also when I felt in control.
As part of my agreement with Denise, I also kept my pubic hair trimmed. With us having sex almost every day, it meant I also needed to shave every day. Denise encouraged me to go for waxing, but the thought of pouring hot wax on my cock scared the living hell out of me.
Sex with Denise and with Lisa was different. With Denise, it was hot, passionate, and educational. With Lisa, it was comforting, emotional, and loving. But either way, I loved having sex with both of them. I was having the time of my life with non-stop sex with both of them.
The second change was the attire.
The girls mostly wore panties and nothing else. Tony and I wore just boxers. It took me much longer to just wear boxers in the house. But Denise said it's easier to have sex when I wear less clothes and wearing little clothing was part of our arrangement.
Our arrangement, which was helping me become more attractive and confident, also included changing my lifestyle.
After a few days of non-stop sex with Denise, I was constantly exhausted. She suggested I should eat better and start hitting the gym.
So I started working out with Tony. Even though Tony was no longer playing sports, he kept up his fitness regimen.
He would go for a run in the morning. Then hit the gym just before lunch. I joined him. Sometimes the girls would join us as well.
Tony never once commented on the changes in me. But it seemed like he approved of them in his non-verbal ways, constantly encouraging me to work harder at the gym.
We also had hot tub sessions on the rooftop at least once a week. The girls were topless with just mini bikini bottoms while Tony and I were in swimming shorts. Though their bikini bottoms would eventually disappear as the night wore on. There was also champagne every time, because Tony loved champagne. But I kept my alcohol intake to the minimum. The night would usually end with Denise in bed with me while Lisa in Tony's. It was awkward for me to have sex with Denise while hearing Lisa and Tony in the next room. I still hadn't gotten used to that yet.
One of the changes that didn't happen was seeing Tony having sex with the girls outside of their bedrooms. Maybe they thought I wasn't comfortable with that yet. I was grateful for it. I wasn't sure if I could stand seeing Tony having sex with Lisa.
I was also grateful Tony had never seen me having sex with the girls yet. The thought of seeing him seeing me fucking his girlfriends was awkward. I also still wasn't comfortable having sex outside my room. The girls were exhibitionists, especially Denise. I wasn't. But that didn't stop the girls from wanting to have sex in the kitchen or living room.
----
As part of our deal, Denise also brought me clothes shopping. Her tastes were expensive, but she said Tony was paying for them. I wasn't comfortable with that. Tony was already paying for everything. But Denise said it's rude to reject Tony's gift. I didn't want to be rude.
One of the things that Tony didn't care about was splurging money on his friends. It wasn't just because he was rich. I knew enough about his family background to know that splurging money on others was how his parents taught him what love was. Lisa told me that rejecting Tony's money was rejecting his love. I didn't want to reject Tony's love.
Clothing shopping was exhausting. But I soon learned it was also rewarding. Denise picked out clothes that looked good on my body. She also taught me easy ways to match clothes.
"You look good in dark shirts," Denise said. "Just pair it with lighter pants or shorts and you're good to go."
With Tony's money, Denise bought me a bunch of dark t-shirts, such as black, grey, and dark blue. Then she bought me light-colored pants like white, cream color and beige.
With this combination, I could simply pick any shirt and pants in my wardrobe without thinking too hard about how to match my clothes.
Denise also had a lot of rules for me. "Don't wear polo-tee or short-sleeve shirts. They don't look good on you. If you want to wear button-shirts, just wear long-sleeves and roll up your sleeves." I didn't see the difference, but Denise was the expert. Besides, it wasn't like I could argue with her.
"Stop wearing jeans, corduroy or cargo pants," Denise told me. "Especially cargo pants."
"But Tony wears them," I challenged.
"Tony looks good in anything," Denise said. Denise told me to get white slim-fit pants that I thought were corduroy pants. I didn't know the difference. But I didn't say anything. It wasn't going to make a difference.
"Don't wear a belt or tuck in your shirts, unless you're wearing a coat. It makes you look shorter."
"Do I even want to ask the logic behind it?"
She ignored my question. "Besides, it's easier to take off your pants when you're not wearing a belt."
"Take off my pants?"
"Whenever you want to fuck me."
"I'm already only wearing boxers in the house."
"You should start going naked."
"I don't think I will be comfortable with that."
"Why not? I like to look at your hard cock."
I drew the battle line and resisted her assault. I didn't want my hard cock to be showing. It was already bad enough I had an erection with my boxers on all the time. The thin material didn't stop Denise from fondling my cock at every opportunity she got.
----
I wasn't the only one who changed in the house.
Denise became more affectionate toward me. In the house, she insisted on touching, hugging and kissing me all the time. Outside the house, she insisted on holding hands.
Denise also insisted we went on dates like a couple. Anyone who looked at us would think we were a couple. But we weren't. Denise didn't do boyfriends.
Lisa told me Denise didn't believe in getting attached. Both her parents had affairs. They didn't flaunt it but didn't try to hide them. Growing up, it was confusing for her and her brother. So she decided she didn't want to get attached.
For the most part, I treated Lisa like my actual girlfriend, with each sex session making me more and more in love with her. I felt more connected to her than ever before. But that was only when both of us were alone together. Every time Tony was around, it was clear who her boyfriend was.
But it was still good enough for me. I was intimate with two girls I liked a lot. Even Denise. I wouldn't even mind Denise being my girlfriend. I was starting to like her more and more. She wasn't as scary as I thought she was anymore.
Even though I was still learning to deal with these changes, I got to admit, I was having a lot of fun. Who wouldn't? I was living a sexual fantasy. My mood was good. Even my sleep was better.
Life was almost perfect for me.
Almost, because Lisa also became increasingly suspicious and frustrated with my relationship with Denise. She would badger me continuously, asking me what was up between us.
I didn't like lying to Lisa. It felt like the chasm between us grew wider each time I lied. But it was getting easier and easier to lie to her than to tell her the truth.
Denise told me to tell Lisa that she was helping me improve myself and become more confident. So I stuck to that answer.
But Lisa wasn't convinced. She became more prone to emotional outbursts, especially when she saw how affectionate I was with Denise.
----
"Ken? Do you think we can start having anal sex?" Lisa asked.
We were cuddling together in bed after I had gotten her off several times. I hadn't had an orgasm yet, but I wasn't in a rush. When you're having a lot of sex, your mind learns not to be in a hurry.
"Now?" I asked.
"Not now, but soon, if you're comfortable with it."
"When?"
"I rather not tell you in advance, in case you start fretting and spiraling, before changing your mind."
"So you're going to spring up on me?"
"I'd like your permission to do that."
"Oh. I don't mind trying anal sex, actually," I said.
"Don't mind or you want?"
"I've been curious about that."
"You like watching anal sex porn?" she asked with a sly grin.
"I'm going to plead the fifth on that one."
She laughed. "But you're agreeable to doing anal, right?"
"Um, yeah."
She kissed me and began stroking my cock with her hands.
----
"Do you want to come now?" she asked after her hands were getting tired from stroking me.
"Actually there's something I want to try."
Lisa raised her brow. I told her to lie flat down on her back. I put a pillow below her butt like Denise taught me. Then I got on top of her between her legs.
"Missionary?"
"Is this okay?" I asked.
"I thought you didn't like this?"
Looking directly into someone's eyes at close range during sex still felt uncomfortable to me. It was too intimate. But I was getting used to it.
"Uh, I'm starting to get used to it."
"With Denise?"
"Yeah..."
"Maybe we can try bringing another girl in bed with us," Lisa said, abruptly changing the subject.
"Like Denise?"
"Besides Denise."
"Why?"
"So that you can have sex with other girls?"
"I'm happy being with you like this."
"And Denise. You like having sex with Denise."
"Yeah."
"More than with me?"
I wanted to say, 'of course not!' I wanted to tell her how much I love her, that I would rather have sex with her than with Denise. But I refrained from saying all that.
"Uh, I don't like to compare like that."
"Good answer." She giggled a little.
"Can we stop talking and, uh, continue what we were doing?"
She gave a chuckle. "You have been having sex with two girls every day and you can't even say fuck?"
"Uh..." I swallowed. "I want to have sex with you now."
"Say you want to fuck me."
"I want to fuck you."
"Then fuck me."
I never tire of hearing those words. I pulled my hips back a little, pushed my cock into her waiting pussy, and let my weight collapse down against her body.
I leaned in to kiss her as I began to fuck her.
----
"Wow, that's a first," Lisa said.
"First?" I asked.
"First time seeing you being able to come in this position."
"Oh... I uh, I did that with Denise once."
"You came in missionary with Denise?"
"Only once."
"When's that?"
"A few days ago."
"So you can come in this position now?"
"Uh, this is only the second time I'm able to."
"Oh," Lisa said. "That's good."
----
I remained on top of her and kissed her gently.
"I didn't know you like doing this," Lisa said as we broke apart.
"Do you like this?" I asked.
"Of course I do. It's very nice to kiss you like this. But I thought you didn't like it."
"Denise got me to like it," I replied.
"You really like having sex with Denise, huh?" Lisa asked.
"Uh, it's nice."
"Just nice?"
"Very nice."
She giggled. "Seems like you're very comfortable with Denise now."
"She's less terrifying after... we started having sex."
"Are you attracted to her?"
"I don't think any male wouldn't be."
I meant it as a joke, but Lisa frowned for some reason.
"Are you in love with her?"
"Uh, I don't think so."
"But you're happy being with her?"
"I guess."
"Are you ever going to tell me what's going on with you and her?" Lisa asked. I could hear the ice in her tone again. Not again.
"If you must know... I'm having sex with her," I replied, trying to lighten the mood. I was expecting her to laugh but she frowned again.
"What else?"
"What else what?"
"Are you dating her or something?"
"No... why would you ask that?"
"You've been going out with her on dates."
"She's just bringing me out to buy clothes."
"Then what about dressing up and going for romantic dinners?"
"She wanted me to try on the clothes."
"I saw you two holding hands."
"Uh, she said it's for practice."
"Practice? You two hug and kiss and touch each other all the time... even when you're not having sex. Is that also practice?"
"Um, yeah," I said. "Do you have a problem with that?"
"I don't. But you don't do it with me."
"You want me to do it with you?"
"That's not what I meant."
"Then what did you mean?"
"Something's up with you two!" Lisa yelled. "Denise refused to say what's up."
"What did Denise say when you asked her?"
"She just said you two are fucking."
"We are."
"But there's obviously more! Something's going on!"
"Why are you so bothered?"
"You used to tell me everything, Ken!" she said. "Now you're hiding something from me."
"I'm --"
"Stop lying! You're definitely hiding something from me!"
"I..."
"After everything I've done for you, I didn't expect you to lie to me, Ken!"
"Lisa, it's not like that."
"You're lying!"
My heart started pounding, so loud I could hear it in my ears. My entire body seemed to vibrate with each beat. My breathing got heavier. It was starting to get harder to breathe.
"I... I..." My breath was ragged. I couldn't breathe. "I..."
"Ken?"
"I... I need... I..." I couldn't speak. My lungs felt like they were on fire.
"Sorry... I... my..." I was drowning.
Lisa was horrified. "Where's your medication?"
I pointed to the drawer.
"Ken, can you get up so I can move?"
I leaped away from her. I dropped myself below the bed and hugged my body.
Badum... Badum... Badum... My heart was fighting for breath. But it wouldn't come.
Lisa returned to my side and passed me the benzo and a glass of water. I swallowed it.
"Just breathe, Ken. Focus on your breathing."
I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to focus on my breathing. But Lisa's words rang in my head, 'You're lying!' over and over again like a gong. So loud and alarming in my head that I couldn't think of anything else.
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry..." I heard these words coming from my mouth over and over again.
I felt Lisa hugging me on the floor. She stroked my back gently. "It's going to be alright, Ken. Just breathe. In and out... you're doing good."
The words "I'm sorry" continued to reverberate in my skull. Digging deeper and deeper into the depths of my brain. Flashes of memories flit through my mind. I desperately tried to block them out, but they became clearer and clearer.
Until the memory of me kneeling in front of my uncle's grave was the only thing I could see.
----
"I'm sorry..." I cried as I stared into my uncle's grave.
It had been ten years since my uncle had died. But I carried the guilt with me like chains around my heart. Squeezing it so tight, I could hardly breathe.
"I'm sorry..." I couldn't remember Uncle Hector's face anymore. Just the memory of his smile. His slightly crooked teeth, stained with decades of smoking and heavy drinking. My favorite smile in the world.
His smile was the last time I saw him. It was my fault that I couldn't see his smile anymore.
He was always good to me. Even when I was barely older than a toddler, I was a quiet and weird kid. But he took the time to understand me. Played with me. He sat with me in silence for hours when I didn't feel like talking.
He was a godsend. Even when my father disliked his brother for his sinful ways, Uncle Hector never held it against me. He loved me like his own. He showed me more affection than my parents could.
He was always traveling but made it a point to visit me whenever he was in town. He showered me with gifts, gifts that my parents never liked me having. He brought me out for ice cream whenever he could.
Ice cream was how we bonded. Growing up, it was the only thing I looked forward to the most. He made me feel like I wasn't a kid. I wasn't weird. I was wanted. I was loved.
Ice cream was also the reason he was dead.
My eighth birthday was supposed to be perfect. Uncle Hector had just closed a big business deal and bought me eight different presents. Even my parents were in a rather good mood, drinking with him a little. Which was rare. My parents hardly drank alcohol.
Only one thing was missing. One thing from making my eighth birthday perfect. It was ice cream. Uncle Hector had forgotten to get ice cream which he had promised.
So after all the celebration and cake and dinner were done, I pleaded with my favorite uncle for ice cream.
"Not a good idea, Ken," my father said. "He drank too much."
"Please?" I begged Uncle Hector.
Uncle Hector got up clumsily from his seat and gave me a smile. "Well, a promise, a promise."
"Are you sure you should be driving?" my father asked.
"I'm fine," Uncle Hector said. As he swayed his way towards the front door, I felt momentarily guilty for asking him to get me ice cream so late at night.
A little fear rose in the back of my mind. But that fear vanished when he smiled and winked at me. "Anything for my favorite nephew."
Perhaps if I had listened to that fear, I wouldn't have sent him straight to hell.
----
I woke up the next day with Lisa hugging me. We were both naked in bed.
Scenes from last night filled my mind. I didn't know how long I stayed on the floor.
Lisa got me to bed. She stayed with me that night. I remembered Denise came into the room looking for sex, but Lisa chased her away. I remembered them arguing a little and shouting at each other.
"Are you alright?" Lisa asked.
I didn't answer her. I couldn't.
I was depressed for the next two days. I didn't want to get out of bed. I didn't want to go to school. I didn't want to eat. I didn't want to do anything.
Like a blanket weighing me down, I couldn't move.
----
"What he needs is a good fuck," I heard Denise's voice through the door.
I was alone in bed. Denise and Lisa were shouting again last night.
"Fuck off, Denise. This wouldn't have happened if not for you."
"How's it my fault!"
"You did something to him!"
"What did I do!"
"You tell me!"
"Let me see him."
"No. Fuck off!"
"He's not your pet. You don't own him. I want to see him."
"No."
----
"Dude, wake up." I felt something hitting my leg.
I opened my eyes to see Tony standing above me. I was still naked in bed with Lisa beside me. The sun had barely risen. "What is it?" I groaned.
"We're going for a run."
"I don't want to."
"I'm not taking no for an answer," Tony said firmly. "Either you get changed and come with me. Or I'm going to drag you out naked like this."
"Tony! Go away! Let him rest," Lisa shouted.
"He's rested enough. Ken, I'm going to give you a minute. If you're still not out, I'm going to carry you. You know I can."
"Tony!" Lisa yelled again.
"Lisa, you can help if you want. But I'm not taking no for an answer."
----
Somehow I had managed to get out of bed. Lisa helped me change into sports attire. By the time Tony returned, I was ready to go.
We ran in silence. Lisa decided to join us. The early morning air was still and cool. My mind was quiet as we jogged.
By the time we reached back the house, I got to admit, I was feeling better.
I stood in the shower and closed my eyes, allowing the cool water to cascade down my body.
I was grateful for Tony dragging me out of bed. It was what I needed. I could feel my depression lifting already. The panic attack from a few days ago felt like a forgotten memory now. It was amazing what a morning run could do.
The last time I had a panic attack was more than a year ago. It had something to do with Lisa... something about thinking she was going to leave me or something. Though I couldn't remember what it was now. My mind had a way of blocking memories I didn't like.
Like the memories of Uncle Hector, buried deep into the back of my mind. Even though my psychiatrist told me I needed to deal with it, I was grateful they were buried. Those memories should stay buried like Uncle Hector.
The panic attacks were always followed by a deep depression, usually lasting at least two weeks. I remembered skipping school at entire time, until Tony and Lisa managed to break me out of it each time.
It had also been a while since I had thought about Uncle Hector. Dr Lee had said something about guilt and separation anxiety triggering the trauma and depression. It was one of the reasons why Lisa banned ice creams in the house.
If it weren't for Tony and Lisa, I would have been a dysfunctional mess in high school. Even now, they took great care of me.
Tony was my superman. Always flying in when I needed help most.
I really needed to start treating Lisa and Tony better. And Denise. I had forgotten all about Denise. The three of them were my rock. My anchors. I didn't deserve them.
I felt a hand on my back. I turned to see Lisa standing in the shower with me.
"Mind if I join you?"
"Uh, sure." I had never bathed with someone before, especially not with a girl.
But I thought it was going to be awkward. The bathroom was like my last refuge. A place I could be totally at ease. My sanctuary. But seeing Lisa bathing with me was so erotic. As I watched the water drip down her back, I started getting aroused.
She turned around and looked at my erection. A little grin and she kneeled down in front of me.
I groaned as she put me into her mouth.
She looked at me as she blew me. It was so... erotic. It wasn't just the fact that I was receiving a blowjob from Lisa in the shower. It was more of the fact she was kneeling down and taking me in her mouth. Maybe it was just semantics, but there was a difference in my mind.
And after having so much sex for the past few weeks, not having sex for two days made my body yearn for it now.
I was an addict.
"I... I'm going to come," I croaked.
She sped up until I came, swallowing everything down without missing a drop. She continued to suck my cock even after the last spurt had ended.
Denise was right. She was great at blowjobs. Lisa was good as well, but Denise was the queen. Though I really liked coming into Lisa's mouth. It felt very intimate.
I was still hard.
"Want another one?"
I took her hand and got her to stand. Then I kissed her fiercely. Our tongues flirted with each other. I forgot all about the techniques Denise had taught and just enjoyed my kiss with Lisa.
I reached down and slid my hand between her legs. She opened her legs, giving me greater access.
Her naked body was my drug.
I rubbed between her legs until she started moaning. The sight of Lisa's curvy body with my hands between her legs in the shower was too arousing.
I broke the kiss and looked into her beautiful green eyes.
"Here or bed?" She asked, looking at me back full of desire. I never felt I wanted her more than in that instance.
"Bed."
She dragged me out of the bathroom and walked into the living room while we were dripping wet. But I didn't care. I wanted to fuck.
We entered my room and she pushed me down to the bed. She straddled my hips and rode me.
After she came, I pushed her onto her back and got on top of her. I kissed her as we fucked.
Then I came.
----
I lay on top of her, panting. We looked at each other as we caught our breath.
"Wow... this is..."
"The best yet," Lisa said.
"No arguments there," I said.
Lisa grinned. "If I knew this is what it takes to get you talking to me again, I would have given you a blowjob earlier."
I winced a little. Then Lisa winced as well and looked apologetic. "Too soon?"
I stared into her eyes.
"I love you, Lisa."
"Ken..."
"I know you don't love me. I don't care. I love you."
"This is probably just the sex talking."
"I don't care. I love you."
She stared back at me. I could almost see the gear in her mind cranking. Then she gave me a soft smile.
"Shall we dry ourselves? My skin is getting wrinkled."
I gave a chuckle. I rolled myself off her. She got up and went to fetch the towels. As I looked at her back, I suddenly regretted confessing to her.
What if she suddenly leaves me again? What if she didn't come back?
But she did. We dried ourselves in silence. The silence was unbearable.
"Sorry, I shouldn't have said that," I blurted out when I couldn't take it anymore.
She looked at me curiously but remained silent.
I tried again. "It was probably the sex talking... like you said. Please don't be mad."
"Mad? Why would I be mad?"
"Um... I don't want to ruin our... our friendship."
"Oh Ken, don't worry, it's fine. Nothing going to change between us."
"So... we're going to still..."
Lisa grinned. "Are you already thinking of sex again?"
"No! Um, well... I mean..."
"Relax Ken. I don't plan to stop having sex with you."
"Really?"
"You haven't even fucked my ass yet."
"Oh..."
"That's if you still want to?"
"I want to."
She grinned again. "Come here."
We cuddled.
----
"Are you... feeling better?"
I nodded.
"Do you want to talk about what happened? Before you had the panic attack?"
"I..."
"You don't have to tell me what's going on with you and Denise if you really don't want to. I'm just worried about you, you know. You know I care a lot about you, right?"
I thought for a moment then I decided to confess everything.
I told Lisa about my conversation with Denise, including the part about getting her to be attracted to me.
Lisa remained quiet after I was done. Then she exclaimed, "That slut!"
I winced. "Um... she was just... probably just trying to get me to have sex with her."
"That was definitely what she was doing. That slut!"
"Uh, please don't be mad at her... I don't want anything to happen between you two."
"Oh, don't worry. She's still my best friend, and I love her a lot. But I'm going to punish her."
"Punish her?"
"You'll see."
"Um..."
"Don't worry, it's nothing bad," Lisa said. "But it might involve handcuffing her to bed and maybe a lot of spanking."
"Oh..."
"Ken, you know you can tell me anything, right?"
"I... I was afraid you might leave me."
"Why would I leave you?"
"Um... because I... like you?"
"So what? Are you going to insist that I be your girlfriend?"
"Um, no."
"Are you going to start acting differently with me from now on?"
"I won't."
"Are you going to think I'm leading you on? Or start getting bitter because I didn't reciprocate?"
"No, I promise I won't."
"Then nothing has changed between us."
"You mean that?"
"Of course I do. We're still friends. We're still going to cuddle and kiss and have sex. Unless you start demanding something that I can give you, nothing's going to change, Ken."
"I'm...
"But just for the record, Ken," Lisa said. "There's something you should know."
"What's that?"
"Even before I got together with Tony, I've always been attracted to you. I still am."
Say what?
----
"What?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"Just to set the right expectation, Ken, Tony's my boyfriend. I love him. I'm not going to leave him. But..."
"But?"
"I'm open to exploring more between us."
"Meaning what exactly?"
"Meaning we can be... romantically involved if you like."
"You... you mean that?"
"I do. But you need to first accept that Tony's my primary boyfriend. I'm always going to prioritize him over anyone else."
"So I'm your second boyfriend?"
"Hold on, Ken. Before we get into that, I need to know you're going to be comfortable that Tony's always going to be my primary."
"Primary?"
"Primary partner. That's how we define our polyamorous relationship."
"And if I can accept that?"
"I prefer for us to take it slow. I don't want to rush into it, and then eventually fall out because it didn't work between us. I want you in my life forever, Ken. I would rather we remain friends instead of trying to be together and fall out after that."
"I want you in my life too, no matter what happens."
She smiled. "How about we just take it slow and see where it leads us?"
"How's that going to work?"
"We just continue to have amazing sex, get closer together, and take the next step if and when the time comes."
"Is Tony aware of all these?"
"Not about me being your girlfriend, if and when that happens. We decided at the start of our relationship that we were going to be polyamorous. I've not talked with him about you yet. But I suspect he always knew and indirectly encouraged it."
"What about all the stuff you said earlier about not wanting me to... to want you to be my girlfriend?"
"I want to make it very clear that we're not definitely going to end up together, romantically. It's not an absolute guarantee. As long as there's no expectation, and we remain friends like usual, then we can explore what happens after."
Too confusing. I didn't understand a single thing. But as long as Lisa was not going to leave me, it was good enough for me.
"Friends with... with benefits right?"
She giggled. "Friends with benefits," she agreed. "I'm never going to stop having sex with you, Ken."
----
"Can I ask... why are you telling me all these now?" I said. "If you've been attracted to me for so long... why only tell me about it now?"
Lisa hesitated. "Back in high school, I... I didn't want to be in a relationship with you."
"Why?" I asked. "Because of my... issues?"
"Partly."
"What's the other part?"
Lisa bit her lips. "You know I'm bisexual and polyamorous right?"
"I think the whole school knows."
She giggled. "I wasn't sure if... if you can handle that."
"Because of my family?"
She nodded. "I decided very early on that I didn't want a normal monogamous relationship."
"So I don't fit what you were looking for back then?"
"Yeah..."
"What about now? Why did you decide to tell me now?"
"Because... well, if you can handle Tony as my boyfriend and still want to be with me, then there's no reason why we can't be together, right?"
"Right..."
"But... and this is a big 'but'... I'm not saying we're going to get together immediately. But I'm willing to explore that if you want."
"I want."
Lisa smiled. "Then we can see explore that together."
----
"What about Denise? Are you comfortable with Denise and me?"
"You can continue whatever arrangement you have with her," Lisa said. "But there's something you should know about Denise."
"What's that?"
"She has always been attracted to you since high school."
Say what?
----
"What?"
"Do you remember how Denise used to be short with big boobs, and how she always got teased?"
It seemed hard to remember Denise like that. "Vaguely."
"Do you remember her getting bullied by Karen and her clique?"
"Uh, I think so."
"And do you remember standing up for Denise when she was bullied?"
"I... don't. When did that happen?"
"It was just a small thing, actually. But she had a crush on you after that. It was one of the reasons why she became my friend, so that she can get closer to you."
Two of the most beautiful girls I know had liked me since high school? When did that happen? Unbelievable.
"Uh, then why... why didn't she tell me?"
"Because... you were close to me. She thought... there was something between us."
"Oh. But once you started being with Tony, it was clear that... we were not together right?"
"By that time, she had already gotten prettier, taller, more popular. She started getting hit on by all the seniors. She was dating the most popular guys in school."
"Then she stopped liking me?"
"I think she just didn't bother with you anymore. But I think she always has a soft spot for you. You're one of the few guys who didn't look at her tits when talking to her. I think if you were... more confident and asked her out, she would have said yes."
"Why didn't you tell me about this?"
"Because you were... dealing with stuff. And I didn't want you to be with her back then."
"Why not?"
"You know she had a reputation right?"
Denise was the kind of girl that loved sex. She didn't care if people called her a slut. She loved being a slut.
But it wasn't being a slut that concerned Lisa. Lisa was a self-confessed slut as well. It was the fact that Denise went through boys like changing panties. Sometimes a few times a day.
Denise was the kind of girl boys could fuck, but not date. She was a relationship-tease. She lured you in with her pussy and then pushed you away when you wanted a relationship with her. Boys who wanted to have sex without commitment loved that about her. But many of them fell in love with her, for some reason. Then got jealous when she had sex with someone else. She was that addictive.
I wasn't sure if I was in love with Denise. Maybe I could be if I wasn't already in love with Lisa. Denise was the perfect girlfriend. Sweet, affectionate, and loving, while playful, sexy, and seductive at the same time. When she wanted to be.
I nodded. "So you didn't want me to be with her?"
"I didn't want her to be with you."
"What's the difference?"
"I thought she wasn't good for you."
"Oh..."
"Is that why you were... concerned when I started having sex with her?"
"Partly. I don't like it when you keep things from me, Ken. It felt like we were not as close anymore. Like there's something between us. I don't like that. I may not love you the way you want me to love you, at least not yet, but I love you a lot, Ken."
I still didn't know why Lisa loved me so much, even as a friend. It was more than her just being attracted to me since high school, which I still couldn't believe that. There was something more. Something deeper than that.
I wasn't complaining, but I always felt I didn't deserve it. Even until now.
"What about now?" I asked.
"What do you mean?"
"After I've told you everything between us... are you still concerned?"
"I'm disappointed with her, obviously. But you can have sex with her if you want. I don't mind. I think it's good for you."
I didn't know what she meant by 'obviously.' "What do you mean by good for me?"
"Before your recent episode, you were starting to become more confident. You are more cheerful. You didn't shy away from physical contact. I was happy and proud of you, Ken."
"Was? Past tense?"
"I still am, of course."
"Um, I still don't know what I should do now. Just treat it like nothing has happened?"
"Yes. You can continue to be with Denise like before, before the panic attack. Continue to go on dates with her. I also hope you'll continue to go for runs and work out with Tony. All these have been helping you. I'm really happy for you, Ken."
"And nothing's going to change between us right?" I asked again just to be sure.
"Yes, like I said, nothing's going to change, Ken."
"I'm glad to hear that."
Lisa smiled. "Me too. Oh, actually there's one thing that will change."
"You know if you keep talking like that, I'm going to have another panic attack right?"
Lisa giggled. "It's nothing bad, I promise."
"You're doing it again," I complained.
She chuckled. "Isn't this what makes life exciting?"
"It makes my heart rate goes up by ten times."
"Maybe you just need something to help you relax," she teased.
"Uh, are you going to tell me what's the one thing that will change?"
"Well, I want you to have sex with more girls."
"Why?"
"Why not?"
"Um, I'm already tired all the time with you and Denise."
"Are you saying you want to have less sex with us?"
"Uh, no," I said quickly. Definitely not that. "But I don't need more."
"I think sex is very good for you, especially your mental health. And you can get to know more people. It's always good to have more friends."
"I can have more friends without having sex with them."
"True, but you can also find more friends that want to have sex with you. Hot female friends."
"Uh, honestly, why are you doing this? Are you... pushing me away?"
"What? No! That's your anxiety talking."
"Then why? Don't tell me it's to have more friends."
"I want you to try getting to know more girls first before you decide you want to be with me. And I want you to enjoy having sex with more girls because it's enjoyable. Don't tell me you don't like having sex now."
"And if I still decide I want to be with you after that?"
"Then good. But we're polyamorous. We can still have sex with other girls even if we're together. So why not just enjoy it?"
Why not indeed.
"I... I only want to be with you."
She bit her lips. "That's the thing I'm worried about. I'd prefer if you have a girlfriend of your own. Apart from me."
"You mean like... Denise?"
"No! Don't be with Denise," Lisa said quickly. "You can have sex with her, but don't make her your girlfriend."
"This is... very confusing."
"Your girlfriend should be someone that understands you well, and know how to be with you. Denise's not that person."
I wanted to say Lisa's the best person to be my girlfriend. But I bit my tongue.
"If you and I are already doing all the things that a normal couple does, then what's the difference?"
"In a polyamorous relationship, a primary partner is someone who loves you, cherishes you, takes care of you, and prioritizes your needs. And you do the same to her. You two find ways to satisfy each other's needs. That's how Tony and I are."
"How's that different from a normal relationship?"
"For Tony and I, if we have needs that we can't get from each other, we would find other ways or other people who can help fulfill that need."
"Like... stretching your butt."
"Exactly. Tony wants to have sex with other girls, I help him to do that. I have emotional needs that Tony can't fulfill, I find other people to help me fulfill that."
"What kind of emotional needs?"
"That's... that's beside the point. The point is that's what a primary partner does."
"And you want me to find a... a primary partner like that."
"Yes."
"But... you're still going to be my girlfriend," I said. Then I added quickly, "I meant willing to explore that."
"Your secondary girlfriend, but yes."
"And my primary partner must be willing to accept that you're my secondary girlfriend."
"Ideally, yes. Or at least comfortable with us having sex and being very close."
"How... how am I going to find a girl like that?"
"We'll help you find that girl." Lisa smiled. "Preferably someone bisexual and polyamorous so we all can have sex together."
"Okay... but in the meantime... we're going to continue whatever we've been doing right?"
"That's right."
----
"What's the difference between being your secondary boyfriend and what we're doing right now?"
"I take my commitment to my boyfriends very seriously. My boyfriends have rights and priorities."
"Rights and priorities?"
"As my boyfriend, you can discuss certain expectations from me."
"Such as?"
"Such as you can ask me to spend every Tuesday and Thursday night with you. Like the date nights I have with Tony every Wednesday. It's a commitment."
"Only your boyfriend can request that?"
"I'd make sure to accommodate my boyfriend as much as possible. Like I said, it's a commitment. I take that very seriously."
"I see... so you would prioritize what your boyfriend wants."
She nodded. "I'm also transparent with my boyfriend."
"Are you... not transparent with me?"
"I... I'm more transparent with my boyfriend. I tell Tony everything."
"Uh, right. How would you decide when I can be your boyfriend? Your second boyfriend?"
"First, I want you to have a girlfriend of your own first."
She used two 'firsts' in a sentence. She must really mean that.
"That's a requirement?" I asked.
"For me, it is."
"Why?"
"That's my requirement."
"So I can't be your second boyfriend until I have a girlfriend of my own?"
"Yes."
"And that girlfriend must be bisexual and polyamorous too."
"Preferably yes."
"But that person can't be Denise."
"Yes. Not Denise."
"But you still want me to have sex with Denise. Do all those things I've been doing."
"Yes. Keep having sex with Denise."
"And you're going to help me find my girlfriend that fits all these requirements."
"Yes."
"When do we start?"
She giggled.
----
"Are you going to thank me?" Denise asked as she walked into my room.
Lisa and Denise always walked into my room and started talking as though we were in the middle of a conversation. There was no 'Hi, are you free? Can we talk?' Just a dramatic entrance and launched into the conversation immediately.
Lisa had left my room just minutes earlier. Lisa had stayed by my side the entire time I was depressed. Now I was already starting to miss her presence.
"For what?" I asked.
Denise waited until she sat on my bed beside me before replying. Today it was boy-shorts day. Topless, as usual. I always liked how her butt looked in boy-shorts panties.
"Our plan worked," Denise said. "Lisa is now starting to pay more attention to you. You're now boyfriend material," Denise said.
"Am I?"
"You're more confident. You're more proactive. You work out. You're comfortable with sex. It makes Lisa desire you now. Not as a friend. But a boyfriend," Denise said. "Shouldn't you thank me?"
"She said... uh..."
"That she was always attracted to you?" Denise asked. "That was a lie."
"What do you mean?"
"Lisa wasn't exactly telling you the truth. She always wanted you to herself. But she just didn't want to admit that, even to herself. That's why she didn't want me to be with you."
I wondered how Denise knew what Lisa and I talked about. My door was closed the entire time. The few minutes between Lisa leaving my room and Denise appearing was too short to summarize our conversation.
"She, uh, already told me that," I said.
"No Ken, she said she has always liked you. But she only realize how much she wanted to be with you after she saw how affectionate we got. She was jealous. That's why she was acting this way."
Was Lisa lying to me? I was much more inclined to believe Lisa over Denise. Though if I was being fair to Denise, Denise was always upfront and honest with me. When Denise didn't want to tell me something, she would tell me that instead of lying to me. The earlier conversation with Lisa made me realize Lisa wasn't always transparent with me.
"Why are you telling me this?" I asked.
"Because she ratted me out. So I'm paying her back."
"Uh, I... I don't want to get into the middle of you two. And I hope you two won't fall out because of me, please."
"We're not falling out. We're just punishing each other," Denise said. "In a good way."
"How's that good?"
"After that, once we stopped being pissed at each other, we're going to have steamy makeup sex and get even closer with each other."
"That... very weird."
She laughed. "So do I get a thank-you sex now?"
I was a little reluctant at first, but when she turned around, and slid her boy-shorts panties down her legs, then lay down on the bed naked right in front of me, I eventually gave her a thank-you sex.
----
It took another two days for me to fully break out of my depression.
Maybe I was biased, but having a lot of sex helped. Perhaps I could write a research journal on how sex can cure depression.
When I thought life was starting to get good again, there was a crinkle that kept growing.
I had thought that all the tensions between Denise and Lisa would dissipate after I confessed everything to Lisa.
But instead, the tension only grew. Before, it was just Lisa being frustrated. Now they seemed to be visibly at odds with each other.
As far as I can tell, they were still best friends. Most of the time, they were happy with each other. They still had sex with Tony and me. But I could feel trouble brewing underneath the surface.
I thought Lisa had mostly forgotten about wanting to punish Denise, but after one small tiff between them, Lisa said she couldn't wait to punish Denise.
When I asked Lisa about it, she simply replied, "You'll see."
It was starting to get unbearable for me. I was waiting for tectonic plates to eventually collide and for the volcano to erupt.