Nisha had her plan all sorted out. She couldn't sleep at night. She was thinking about the plan, fine tuning it. Sometimes, she thought of aborting it. But her arousal told her otherwise. She must do it. She didn't want to think further. She tried to sleep, but she just tossed and turned. She eventually slept but didn't know when or how.
The next morning, she got up with and started her plan. She went to the backyard in her petticoat. She started her normal routine. She put some water to hear in the wood stove. She then went to the toilet. She returned to the backyard and filled the hot water in her bucket.
She then removed her petticoat and let it hang in a rack. She was wearing panties and nothing else. She was enjoying this. Her nipples were hard. She had goosebumps all over her body. She started taking her bath. Any minute now, her brother or father could come to the backyard.
Right on cue, there was the sound of the backyard door opening. She immediately covered her chest with her hands but didn't try too hard at it. Parts of her boobs were still visible. It was her brother. He was shocked to see her sister naked. He expected her to be in the transparent petticoat but this was completely unexpected.
They both were silent. They didn't know what to say. There was no turning back now for Nisha.
"Nisha!", Irfan stammered, "Why are you bathing naked? Why are you not wearing a petticoat?"
"I don't know why, but mom told me not to wear petticoat while bathing," she said innocently with her eyes lowered.
Irfan asked, "Why would she say that?"
She said, "I don't know Irfan. She didn't say. I tried asking her, she just said it was for my own good and to never question her".
This was the exact dialogue her mother had told her the previous day. She didn't change anything, she changed just the way it is understood. An innocent girl who didn't know about the see through petticoat could have taken this understanding. She had an excuse to be naked while bathing and she was going to use it. Ever since they were little, their mom was the strict parent. There is no talking back against mom's words even from their father. Irfan knows that too.
"I am totally embarrassed to be bathing like this, but I don't want to disobey mom." She added.
Irfan was dumbfounded. What was happening in his house. Why did mom ask Nisha to bath naked, he thought. The shock kept him from exactly looking at her sister. Here she was naked in front of him, but he was occupied in other thoughts. He started looking at his sexy sister now. She covered herself with only her hands. She was topless. She didn't exactly cover herself fully. The sides of her boobs were visible. Irfan was at full mast. He was trying to hide it.
She saw her brother admiring her. She was acting embarrassed by her brother's looks. In reality she was enjoying every second of it. She never thought, she could be naked in front of her brother. Seeing he was ogling her for a long time, she called for his attention
"Wow, I don't know what to say. Should I ask mom about this?" He asked
"No..." She exclaimed, "Don't ask mom. She will know that I sent you. She told specifically to not question her in this."
"Please do one thing. Knock before you enter the backyard, ok. I need some time to cover up. That way I can atleast preserve some modesty. I'll be totally embarrassed if you saw me completely naked." She said.
"I'll do that for you sis. I still don't know why mom would ask this of you. You must be totally embarrassed even now." He said
"Yeah, I wish I knew. Finish what you came here to do, so I can continue bathing after you leave." She said hurrying him.
He went to the toilet. She started bathing again. She was bathing slowly waiting for him to return. She started to soap herself. She was thinking whether her brother would alert her before coming out. She was hoping he wouldn't. That way it will be his fault and not hers.
Irfan called out, "I am coming out Nisha. Hope you are decent".
Nisha couldn't help but laugh at this. How could she be decent when wearing just the panties. She was expecting him to be a bit naughty and come out without warning her, but since this is new territory for him. He is playing it safe.
Nisha on the other hand waited after soaping. She was glistening all over her body as the soap suds disappeared.
"Yes you can come out Irfan," she shouted back.
She was again covering herself with her hands. She had the innocent face and was looking down in embarrassment. She didn't notice earlier but now she noticed the tent in her brother's shorts. Now she didn't need to act embarrassed, she really was.
Irfan's embarrassment reduced a little and he tried taking a peek at her. She was covering herself. Since both her hands were covering her boobs, her bottom half was uncovered except for the panties. Her thighs, hips and navel were visible. He could also make out a slight camel toe in her wet panties.
"What are you waiting for?" Nisha asked, "Leave. I want to get ready".
"Yeah ok," he stammered as he was caught ogling.
He left the backyard immediately. Now he needed some privacy to take care of himself. Meanwhile Nisha continued her bath. She was excited thinking about what just happened. She thought of masturbating right there, but didn't want to push her luck.
She didn't know how long she could get away with this. She didn't know when her mother will put an end to this, but until then she was going to make use of the situation for her gains.
She finished her bath, dried herself and put on a petticoat and went to her room. She got ready for college. During breakfast she didn't talk much with her parents, as the conversation might lead to the previous day's discussion. She didn't want to spoil anything. She maintained a frightened look.
In her college, her friend Preethi asked about her unusually happy mood. She told her the whole story. She didn't tell her the plan till then. She was going to tell her when it was successfully executed.
Hearing what Nisha had done, Preethi was all animated. Nisha feared Preethi might talk too loud and someone might hear her. Nisha silenced her friend. They then whispered to each other. They couldn't contain the excitement.
"Oh my god, you naughty girl!" Preethi exclaimed, "You are right when you said, you want to decide the adventure. I wouldn't have come up with this at all.
"Why didn't you go completely nude? Your mother didn't say anything about panties right?" Preethi added.
"I was shy to go all the way. I had to check the waters before jumping in. Now I don't know how to jump in. I don't have a reason to go nude." Nisha said
"Don't worry. You will come up with something." Preethi replied.
"It's a shame, I will not be able to see for myself. Or can I?" Preethi teased.
Nisha went home after college. In the evening, Irfan was behaving awkward around his sister. She was worried that her mother would notice. She thankfully didn't. Irfan began to relax after some time. They had their usual dinner together and went to bed.