Continuing from chapter 02, from all of my exhibitionism, my favorite from all of those activities is skinny dipping. I don't know how it started, it just this idea of swimming naked appeared in my mind and when I tried it once, that feeling of nothing attached to your body in a pool feels like freedom.
My very first time of swimming naked happened when I once wanted to swim and I forgot to bring underwear to be worn after swimming, the only underwear was the one I was wearing at that time. I didn't plan to do any exhibitionism at that time, pure swimming, so, I decided to swim without underwear, besides, it was in the swimming pool, no one would notice, and go home with complete set of clothes including underwear (In normal condition I always swim wearing boxer and underwear). The swimming pool closes at 8 PM and people usually take a bath around 7 PM. So, at that time I didn't notice maybe around 7.30 PM, I was swimming alone, then suddenly this exhibitionism idea just pops up in my head. If you read my 2nd story, I like to give myself a challenge, so suddenly I challenged myself to take off my swimming pants, leave it there, swim to the other end of the pool and back, then wear my swimming pants again, if I failed, I have to go to the bathroom naked. When I did that there were some lifeguard still around, but somehow I managed to do the challenge.
After that night, that feeling of freedom during swimming and nothing is attached to your body kept haunting me. I was really looking for another chance to do that again, but with longer time. So, I planned to take a leave once a month every Friday. Why Friday? Because on Friday afternoon, most people will do Friday Praying and that will be the time when people barely think of swimming, means no one in the swimming pool. I also prepared what I would wear for swimming, I brought the "loose boxer" from my 1st story, but I already cut the bottom part of the boxer, It somehow became like a miniskirt, it was very easy for me to take off and on but not really suspicious if someone look at you swimming wearing that "skirt", still look normal.
After several months tried to find the most suitable swimming pool, I never succeed to find one because I was never really alone every time I swam. There was always some people also swimming in mid-afternoon. Every time I swam I just do the same challenge as my first time skinny dip. I almost gave up until I remember one swimming pool that I haven't been visiting for many years. Then one day, I went there. The swimming pool was still in a good condition, well maintained, but somehow abandoned, the worker was only 1 cashier and 1 lifeguard which was sitting in cashier and check the pool like once an hour. Just exactly what I had been looking for.
I went there at 10 AM and no one was there, just like my private public-swimming-pool. At 11.30 AM, the cashier closes the gate for him to do Friday Praying until around 12.30 PM, then the gate opened again at 1 PM. If no one came before 11.30 AM, I would be alone until 1 AM and guess what? That was always what happened several times I swam there
Beside the swimming pool, there is a high school building and it's really just beside the swimming pool. There is a class on the 3rd floor of this high school that can see the swimming pool and it was really close, just like how you see a neighbor from balcony. So, back to the swimming, I took off everything at 11.30 until 1 PM because that was the time when the swimming pool gate was closed and I was safe to be naked. At 12.30 PM until 1 PM is not really safe because even though the gate was still closed, the students in the class on the 3rd floor of that high school beside was already back from praying. I noticed some students in the class were watching me because I heard them talking like, "Hey, look at that, someone is naked in the swimming pool!" or I heard them laughing, or even one of them scream to me, "Hey crazy," then they all laughed. I sometimes tease them by doing backward swimming and lifted my dick out of the pool, then they all laughed while I stayed cool like nothing happened. Usually at around 2 PM, someone came to swim and that means my time is over so I went home after around 2 hours naked and tease those high school students.
If you read my 1st story about humiliated punishment, that really happened to me on this one Friday in the same swimming pool. I did what I told in above about the naked time and teasing high school student. The difference is, there was no one until 2 PM and I didn't realize about time because no one was coming, I just kept making challenges to myself to be naked as long as possible. On this one Friday, I wanted to go home because I already tired not because someone came to swim, So, My last challenge, still same, take off my swimming "skirt", leave it there, swim to the other end of the pool and back, then wore it again, but the problem was when I just arrived at the other end I heard someones talked in excitement "Hey, he's still there, come on!" And when I looked at the entrance, the students were coming to the swimming pool. I have never known what time they finished studying and on that day I thought I was too late to go home, so, there I was in the middle of the swimming pool, totally naked, and a lot of students, I don't know maybe around 15, were coming.
I didn't know what to do, I couldn't climb up the ladder and walk because I was completely nude, so I tried to swim as fast as I could to reach my "skirt" but it was too late, many of them were directly jump into the pool. One of them took my "skirt" and they were all mocking me like,
"What are you wearing, bro?"
"Are you naked??"
"What are you hiding? You were showing us all several hours ago."
They were all laughing at me while I couldn't do anything, naked in the middle of the pool, mocked by high school students, the only thing I did was hiding my dick.
The worst part was not yet to come, there were 2 big guys, bigger than me, and they took me out from the pool followed by the cheer from the others and laid me down. Many of them are holding both my hands and legs in X position, one of them put my "skirt" in my mouth which made me couldn't scream. I was trying so hard to hide my dick, but there were too many of them holding me. I couldn't do anything, I looked around at all of them and I just realized there were some girls also there whose one of them were recording me use her phone. 2 girls were too shy to be close to me, but they kept looking what their friends did to me and grinning, 1 girl was one of many of them who held me in the leg, I guess she was quite naughty.
The boys were not gay guys, they just like mocking me like I was a crazy person. They all tickled me, tickled my nipple, and all I could do was hiding my face from the camera. One thing that made that interesting for them was, my dick was always in full erection. I was really humiliated, feel embarrassed, but somehow based on my dick condition, I was also horny.
While mocking, tickling, laughing at me, no one did anything to my dick (beside recording), until one guy asked the girl who held my knee, "Hey, shake the dick." My eyes wide opened, shook my head a no sign. She was hesitant to make the request of her friend, then one guy started to touch my dick, another one "bounce" my dick, and also the other give an example to shake a dick and convinced her;
"Look at this,"
"It's fine,"
"It's ok, it will be fun."
I look at her and I saw she was convinced enough. Then, while she was staring at my dick, she grinned and started grabbing it followed by cheering from the others. She started shaking my dick. I guessed she never did that because she directly shook my dick as fast as she could. Then one of the guy holds her hand and lead her hand to shake my dick slowly with a twist.
I didn't know what I felt at that time, every feeling combined to be one, but one feeling even though hard to admit, I was somehow also enjoyed the shaking. When I almost cum, I groaned and then one guy tells her, "Now shake it fast!"
I saw all guys in my dick head direction moved to avoid the squirt and suddenly I cum and guess what? To her face! She was shocked and one guy tells her, "Keep shaking it until you feel the dick become small."
So she cleans my cum in her face with her left hand while her right hand still shaking my dick really fast until my dick is faint then all of them cheered her like;
"Exciting, right?"
"Good job!"
"That's how you deal with erect dick."
She was just laughing.
Once they finished, they loose my hands and legs, I just stood up, ran to my stuffs, then ran to the bathroom. I cleaned myself, then went out of the pool. I didn't even know what I felt at that time and I couldn't describe it, I just went home.
I've never skinny dip again after that until a year later I went to that swimming pool again, (still on Friday :D) and the pool has been deconstructed, no more private, public-swimming-pool, and now I'm still looking for another pool to skinny dip but avoid the humiliation.