As with most of my writings, this story is based upon a true life-experience.
***** Our Special Place
When we were new to the area, my wife Denise and I searched for the ideal beach within easy reach of our home. Not just any beach, but a beach where we could sunbathe nude. From the day I met Denise she always had an all-over-tan which I thought was odd because she leaned toward the "prude" side of the scale. But I soon learned that she got the tan from tanning beds and booths at various spas, never from lying out in the sun nude.
Fast-forward a few years and Denise still has the all-over spa tan, but she could never imagine being topless under the sun much less nude. Our new home had a semi-private patio that was surrounded on three sides simply by the U-shaped design of the house. For the first time ever, Denise had an opportunity get a natural all-over tan with total privacy. With a little coaxing I was able to convince her to try sunbathing nude on the patio and she agreed but only if I would join her. If we would lay right down on the patio using cushions as opposed to up on a lounge, no one could possible see us. She grew very comfortable doing that, and was soon lying out even when I wasn't home.
I sensed that Denise was getting more than just a suntan; she was also getting a thrill from lying out nude. She would often be more than just a little amorous after sunning for a while and I reaped the benefits of that. With time she became a lot more comfortable on the patio, standing up now and then while nude, lying up on the lounge at times and even darting in and out of the house while nude. Not that she was in clear view of anyone, but there was a possibility of a neighbor or two getting a peek from an attic window or through gaps in the shrubs. I was enjoying it all because I was found it exciting that someone might be watching my pretty wife in all her naked glory.
One day Denise suggested we head for the beach. Denise filled out her conservatively cut bikini really well. She stood 5'3 about 115 lbs. with "C+" cup tits that had a nice natural droop and a cute firm butt. I suggested that it might be possible for us to find a remote beach where we might sunbathe nude. Denise grimaced, and said she would literally die if anyone saw her nude. I said we could try and find a nice private spot.
And we did just that. After doing some scouting, we found a beach nearby on a National Seashore barrier island. This particular spot was difficult to reach, which is exactly why it was ideal for us. To get there from the small parking area designated for fishermen, we had to make a difficult half mile trek on a soft-sand trail out to the beach. It wasn't nearly as private as Denise would have liked, but I was hoping she would find it acceptable.
We chose a weekday to take our first trip out time there. We set down our cooler and other gear about two hundred yards south of where the trail meets the beach. Most all of the fisherman hiked in the opposite direction and far out of sight, as the beach hooked around toward the point of this barrier island. The area of the beach where we sat was quite narrow and steeper than some. There were low dunes about 150 yards behind us with low sea grass and scrub in between. That all but eliminated any chance there would be someone peeping from the dunes or anywhere behind us for that matter.
We got settled in and looked around and saw absolutely no one else in sight. To set the tone, I pulled off my shirt and shorts. With that, she looked around once again and took off her bikini top. What a sight to behold, Denise's full tits making their debut in a public place, but of course with no one to see them. After a few minutes and after looking up and down the beach again, she wiggled out of her shorts and bikini bottoms. We probably spent the next hour nervously looking up and down the beach making sure no one was coming.
We ate a little lunch that we packed and we drank some wine and beer and then we laid back watching the surf. As we were becoming more at ease with our surroundings, we both fell asleep. Probably just a few minutes later I woke and looked down the beach to see what looked like a couple coming our way from the regular life-guard protected public beach about two miles further south. They were still a good distance away and my first reaction was to pull on my shorts and to wake Denise so she could do likewise. But the devil within me told me otherwise. Still uneasy with my decision, as they got closer I was relieved to clearly see it was a middle aged couple, both trim and fit in their sporty looking bathing suits. Relieved that is, that they were those who might be less likely to be upset with nude sunbathers.
I eased back down and feigned sleep while propping up my head slightly so I could see their reaction through my dark sunglasses. As they neared, they slowed down, and they were obviously focused on us. They slowly passed within 25 feet of us whispering to each other but smiling and I thought I even heard the woman giggle. I thought that was the best reaction possible under the circumstances. As they continued on their hike I was pondering my options on what to tell Denise.
When the couple was a safe distance past us, I whispered to Denise asking if she enjoyed her nap, and said that I had something to tell her. She said there was no need to whisper, that she was awake and had seen the people walk by! Before I could say anything she said that she woke to what she thought was someone giggling and she just froze. She opened her eyes but was afraid to even move her head, but was able to see them pass by. I fibbed by saying that I had been asleep too and awoke to see the people approaching but by then it was too late to do anything about it.
I said that it was an incredibly intense moment. Denise agreed saying it was beyond intense, and that she had been mortified beyond belief yet dared not move a muscle. Denise said that in that moment she was overwhelmed with emotions ranging from vulnerability, humiliation, yet a strange feeling of empowerment. Empowerment? I asked what she meant. She ignored me and said that what added to the intensity of those feelings was knowing that by trying to tan the insides of her thighs, she had fallen asleep with her legs parted substantially giving the hikers quite a view. That thought excited my greatly because I knew exactly with they saw. Denise has a tiny patch of hair above her pussy, but always shaves her pussy clean. And Denise has very prominent and full lips which are always visible, not to mention with her legs parted widely. Quite a view indeed.
I tried to console Denise but could only reply with "oh, wow, how embarrassing." With that Denise leaned over and passionately kissed me. I responded and Denise continued kissing me with her tongue intertwining mine as she leaned over further with her tits on my chest. Then I felt a familiar twitch from my cock and pulled away from Denise, and we both looked down to see my cock standing nearly straight up! I quickly looked up and down the beach to thankfully see that the couple a good distance away and no one else coming. Meanwhile Denise had burst out laughing at how quickly I got aroused. Had it been any other time or place, I'm sure we would have taken care of that problem properly. I was quick to point out that something apparently got her very aroused as well, but she did not respond to that.
Then we wondered what we would do when they pass us on their return hike. We had no definitive answer. The only thing that remained unsaid was how much we both obviously enjoyed showing ourselves off to the beach hikers. There was one thing that I knew for sure. That while I knew how much it had excited Denise to be seen naked, I was far more turned on by them seeing her, than by them seeing me. We thought it was a good time a snack. Denise finished off the bottle of wine while I had another IPA. I had Just as I opened another bottle of beer when that couple came back into view, but still a few hundred yards away.
Again we discussed our strategy with still no resolution. After the wine and beer we were both feeling a bit bold so we surely wouldn't be rolling over to hide ourselves and feign sleep. Soon they were upon us, and with the tide peaking they would need to pass within 20 feet or less from us. So we just sat there smiling and gave a little wave and they reciprocated with big smiles and a wave while continuing down the beach.
Later that day we saw a few fishermen moving in our direction, stopping along the way and casting out into the surf. One guy came very close to us and Denise remained brave and made no indication that she was going to cover herself. Then he decided to go past us to try his luck a short distance beyond our spot. Or maybe he passed by just to ogle Denise. Regardless, he was soon strolling by with his gear with a jovial hello, staring at Denise's tits. I watched as Denise just smiled and offered a subdued wave. When he was past I told Denise that I thought the guy really, really like her! She giggled and poked me. Yes, my prudish Denise loved it all. Or should I say my once-prudish Denise loved it all.
As it turned out, our first day at "our" beach was the quietest with the fewest passersby of any trip. Maybe that was a blessing, as it was an easy transition into the world of exhibitionism. Or as Denise would say, nudism. She doesn't like to hear the word exhibitionism. I don't dare utter that word. She wants to believe that she is not an exhibitionist. In her mind, she just likes to be nude outside. To sum it up, I learned that Denise enjoys being seen nude in circumstances where it is not the accepted norm, yet plausible to a degree. And because this was not designated as a nude beach, that was what made it appealing to Denise. She seems to like the naughtiness of it all.
So that became the norm for us during many, many more beach visits to that spot. That is we would evaluate anyone or any couple coming toward us and decide how we would react. We did need to be careful as not to draw any complaints otherwise the Park Rangers might start to patrol out that way, nor was it our intention to shock or upset anyone. So if any teenagers, large groups or odd characters came along, we'd cover up one way or another. Older or unfit folks would never be a problem because of the long walk involved to get to our spot. And boaters were never an issue as the surf, even when low kept the boats at least a hundred yards out. We returned for most of our visits on the weekend, so if I had to guess I'd say that on an average weekend visit we would encounter a dozen hikers, beachcombers or fishermen.
As the summer progressed we became more comfortable and at ease at beach and started taking things up a notch. If Denise was feeling particularly playful or bold like she often is, we will take long nude walks, usually in the direction away from the trail and the fishermen. But if we saw a beachcomber or hiker coming our way, we would normally turn back. We both get a special kind of rush being nude and hundreds of yards or more from any clothing. On a few occasions on our return walk we have seen that a fisherman had worked his way down beyond our spot. We have no choice but to stroll past him to get back with Denise in full view, tits swaying. I know this excites Denise by the shudder I feel as she grips and squeezes my hand as we pass and acknowledge him with a simple smile and nod or a hello.
Or at times, if a guy or a couple has walked by and Denise feels that they were comfortable with our nudity, she might decide to go for a dip in the surf as they approach us on their return walk. The timing of which is a total coincidence of course. I know she gets a rush from letting them have a good look at her albeit from a slight distance. Yes, at a slight distance, because she generally does not care to have anyone approach us.
But of course we are approached often enough as many people are curious as to our state of undress. Regardless of how interesting the person or persons are she usually tries to discourage them from conversation. Often it is the single men who tend to have nothing of value to say; they are sometimes more interested in ogling that the conversation per se which makes her uncomfortable.
If a couple stops to chat, she would be a lot more likely to be cordial and receptive than a single guy. On rare occasions, single women or just once, a pair of women beachcombers have approached us to say hello. It was then that even I get a little excited about being examined up close by those females.
Once, and only once and with no one in sight, Denise felt exceptionally daring and suggested we walk in the opposite direction. With no one in sight, we strolled along the beach for a few hundred yards beyond where the trail meets the beach towards the point and the fishermen. As we turned back, we saw two guys carrying their poles and gear coming down the trail and onto the beach and headed toward us. As we passed, the guys were bug-eyed but managed to sputter out a greeting. Denise stopped and uncharacteristically engaged them in conversation with their eyes roaming all over her naked body. I could see that Denise was all aglow with being eyed up and down. After a minute or so of banter Denise just wished them well with their fishing, turned and we walked away back toward our spot.
I asked what was up with that, as she normally doesn't like conversing with the oglers. She just shrugged it off by saying that since we were each headed in opposite directions she knew she could walk away from them at any time. While Denise would never admit it, I knew she was very pleased with herself for feeling a rush by showing herself off, yet she was in control of the situation.
If a conversation would develop with a passerby it would likely revolve around the fact that we are naked, and they are curious as to why that might be. Of course we always say it is the freedom that being naked under sky brings and so on. Which is all true, but the other reason is never mentioned of course, and that is exhibitionism. And we now know that would certainly never be mentioned by Denise.
Just such a conversation began with one unforgettable couple. They were a friendly 40ish couple who had hiked up from the regular beach and approached us. They seemed extremely interested in our philosophies of social and public nudity, and we spoke at length about that. They said they admired and respected our courage but they could never have the nerve be naked in public. When they left they said they'd continue hiking all the way to the point. About twenty or thirty minutes later we saw them at a distance coming back toward us on their return hike. Predictably, Denise decided it was time to take a nude dip and as I often do, I joined her.
As they approached we walked out of the surf to wish them a great day, and we realized that the woman was completely naked! Her husband had her bikini wadded up in his hand, and her bright-white tits and butt were proudly on display for us to see! Although they passed just feet from us, they never said a word or broke stride, they just nodded, gave us a little wave, both grinning from ear to ear. I gave them a thumbs-up and she reciprocated with a thumbs-up but again, never broke stride and continued down the beach.
Obviously she was brave enough to get naked and walk down a public beach, yet not brave enough to chit-chat sans clothes. In my mind that was perfectly understandable. Later Denise and I had a good chuckle about that, and we tried to guess when she had taken off her bathing suit and if any fishermen had seen her naked. We also wondered how close they got to the regular beach before she put her bikini back on, because until they disappeared from sight she was still naked. But we felt good that it was likely our example got at least one person to try public nudity.
***** Our New Friends
On an earlier trip to our beach we had noticed another couple settled in near the dunes directly behind us. They were surrounded by what looked like a makeshift windbreak made with ring of driftwood logs. They appeared to be naked too, but at that distance of well over a hundred yards we could not say for sure as they kept pretty much out of sight. For sure they never ventured out to the surf or anywhere else for that matter. In fact, we were quite sure they were there when we arrived and were still there when we left.
On our next visit to the beach we did not see anyone at that shelter and we decided to walk back and take a look. We were surprised that the spot seemed snug and cozy, and even personalized with some sticks and bits of jetsam steamers, an old garden pinwheel, etc. We even noticed an old rake that had was tucked under a log and deduced that those folks likely used that for raking the sand of debris in and around the shelter. We then realized that they likely used that area regularly.
Later that summer we got to the beach to found the wind to be exceptionally strong, whipping the stinging sand down the beach. It was very uncomfortable, if not unbearable. We quickly decided to retreat back to that log windbreak we had discovered earlier that summer. We hadn't seen anyone there except that one time, so we thought it might be a good spot to shelter us from the sandblasting.
We had just settled in and peeled off our shorts and shirts when we saw two people far in the distance walking toward us from the direction of the trail. We knew immediately it must the keepers-of-the-shelter. We were in an awkward situation to say the least. Soon they were very close and saw it was a man and a woman. I quickly pulled on my shorts and stood as they approached to greet them. Denise surprised me by making no effort to cover herself in spite of not knowing who these folks were.
They did not appear to be happy to see us. I told them that I presumed that this was their little hideaway, and if so, we would easily find another spot. Without waiting for any reaction, I explained that we normally sit out on the beach but the winds out there were blowing the sand making it unbearable. I said that we thought we'd just find shelter here until the wind subsided.
They looked at each other for a moment, and he said that they did build the little windbreak over the past few summers. But it was not a problem, that they could share it with us until the wind died down a bit. We both thanked them, and I said that my wife could put some clothes on if her nudity offended them. They looked at Denise like they hadn't even noticed she was there and they both laughed and said that they planned to be nude also. With a broad grin, he said that they presumed that we were the naked couple that they had seen earlier in the summer out on the beach. He did say that he hoped we could all manage to get comfortable in the shelter as it was not all that big.
I tried to make my still-naked Denise comfortable with the strangers by pulling off my shorts, and introducing ourselves as Steve and Denise, and they introduced themselves as Pete and Cheryl. With that Denise stood and we all shook hands. Denise wasn't looking all that thrilled with the arrangement, but I was hoping she would be OK once we got settled in.
Pete & Cheryl laid out a sheet that covered more than half the sand in the shelter and with our two large beach towels most of the sand was covered. We all settled in as comfortably as we could, considering the little rectangle of logs was roomy for two, but more than a little cramped with four. Pete and Cheryl took off their clothes as the next order of business, and I had to compliment them on how totally bronze they were.
To describe us and our new friends, Denise and I were in our mid 30's and Pete and Cheryl were late forties, maybe even fifty. Both were very thin and fit. And I learned later that my first guess was correct, they were both avid runners and cyclists. Cheryl was about 5'5, 110 pounds and sported "A" cups at best with very prominent nipples. Pete was taller than me, thin and muscular and seemed to have more cock than my average 6 incher. Denise had more meat on her bones than Cheryl. As I described earlier, Denise was 5'3 about 115 lbs. with "C+" cups with a nice natural droop and a cute firm butt. I was 5'9 about 160 lbs., average build with no excess fat.
I again mentioned their great tans, and that opened up the conversation about sunning and soon they were telling us their stories about the different clothing optional and nude resorts they had been to. They hinted of their erotic encounters at such places, but they left it at just that, just hints. We told them that until recently would have never considered it, but were looking at some Caribbean clothing optional resorts. That led to a barrage of suggestions for us.
Pete said they were surprised to see us nude on the beach earlier that summer. He was wondering what our reaction was with the occasional passerby, and what their reaction, if any, was to us. With that Denise began to open up to our new friends. She started describing in detail the many amusing and titillating adventures with those clothed people. And with encouragement from Pete and Cheryl, Denise was telling the stories with an erotic slant.
I found it interesting how much Denise enjoyed sharing not just our naked encounters, but also her own sensual feelings of each experience with these virtual strangers. But then I thought, who else could she have shared her feelings with other than other nudists? And we don't know any! But with Denise's outpouring, it was clear that she had quickly become very comfortable with our camp-mates.
Then Cheryl mentioned that they rarely ventured out to the ocean, even though a nude dip in the ocean now and then would be nice. And she added that on the rare occasion when they go for a dip, they surely put on bathing suits. Pete knew we were wondering what the big deal was, and Pete just hinted that it would be scandalous if the wrong person saw them naked in public. I could see that it was a subject that was best to end right there.
We were soon drinking some wine and beer we each brought, and discussing what snacks we had with us. The first thing I noticed was that Cheryl had absolutely no inhibitions, and moved about and laid in such a manner, legs askew, that she was showing herself to us openly. Yes, literally openly. She and Denise both had the same shaving style; each had a little "V" of hair, but shaved clean around the lips. While I was pleased to see that Denise had warmed up to our new friends very quickly, I was both surprised and pleased to see just how friendly she had become. Denise was following Cheryl's lead, lying about or sitting cross-legged showing Pete and Cheryl her meaty large-lipped pussy. If I didn't know better, I would describe it as flaunting.
After more wine, beer, fruit and snacks, we all got quiet for a while, laid back, relaxed and enjoyed the sun. After perhaps a half hour, I noticed that Pete and Cheryl had sat up and were fiddling with each other, caressing each other's faces, rubbing arms, little kisses and nibbles. Soon Pete was tweaking Cheryl's rapidly hardening nipples and she was rubbing Pete's thigh.
I looked over at Denise who was now sitting up and taking it all in, eyes wide open! A moment later Cheryl started playing with Pete's cock! Pete just looked us in the eye and said to not mind them. That since they're always alone out here apparently Cheryl has forgot how to act with guests present. We all had to chuckle with that, including Cheryl who just looked at us with a big grin but never skipped a beat stroking Pete. But I figured that was our cue to hit the road. So I said that since the wind had nearly diminished, we'd get back down to the beach and give them some privacy.
Pete didn't say a word, just shook his head slightly indicating no, and with one hand motioned of us to stay. I wasn't going to argue, and I looked at Denise who seemed unaware of any of Pete's interactions, because she and was focused only on Cheryl's hand that was then picking up the pace stroking Pete's growing cock. And grow it did! While Pete's flaccid cock appeared to be large, it was getting larger by the moment. Yes, much, much larger.
With all the steamy action going on, my heart was starting to pound and I was feeling a stirring in my cock as I started caressing Denise's shoulders. Then I started nibbling at her ear, while she is still fixated on the show unfolding before us. As I cup one of Denise's big tits, I look over to see Pete watching us intently, while Cheryl is stroking away at what now looks to be a very fat and rock hard 8 inch cock. Cheryl was bowing her head lower and was licking her lips like she is getting ready to swallow that thing. Then felt Denise begin to fondle my cock, already half hard without being touched. I looked at Denise, but she is still focused on Pete's big cock.
Then Cheryl repositioned herself and took Pete in her mouth as much as she could. With that, Denise slid downward and spread her legs wide directly in front of Pete, her legs now on both side of, and touching Pete's feet. I looked at Denise, then Pete, and their eyes were locked. With one hand on my cock, Denise started slowly touching her spread pussy with her other hand, surprising me again with her boldness. It was obvious that she was teasing Pete with her wanton display. Cheryl stopped sucking Pete's cock to better position herself. Pete immediately grabbed his own cock and was stroking it while watching Denise play with herself. That was a scene as I was familiar with because Denise always had a thing for mutual masturbation. She enjoyed it immensely to masturbate for me with legs spread wide while encouraging me to stroke myself. But until now, it had only ever been she and I. Now it was she and Pete.
But that didn't last long, as Cheryl had got herself in a better position and gotten back to sucking Pete's cock. I really wanted to climb between Denise's her legs and tongue her pussy but I also wanted her to continue stroking me. In trying to do both, I swung around kneeling beside her, bent over and started licking Denise's drenched and spread pussy. Yes, these were tight quarters.
I dove in there sucking nibbling her ample lips and alternately and slipping my tongue in and out of her pussy, with Denise busily circling her clit with her fingers. With all that action, I knew she would come soon, and before long Denise bucked and squirmed in the throes of orgasm. She had abandoned by cock and now had both hands gripping my head. I was still gently playing with her pussy as she recovered. I took a break for second to reposition myself and I saw that Cheryl had stopped sucking Pete's cock for them both to witness Denise's orgasm. But she was now just slowly stroking him again.
Just as I started gently licking Denise's tender pussy again, I felt a hand on my ass, and then cupping my balls. I knew it was Cheryl's hand, as she was the only one who could reach from the positions we were in. I inched my ass around in her direction allowing her to reach under further, and Cheryl began stroking my cock.
Denise then lifted and guided my head up and away, signaling that she needed to rest her recovering pussy. So I rolled over to a squatting position and now found myself facing Cheryl. I saw that she was still stroking Pete's big cock as she gripped mine again. Cheryl leaned over and kissed me on the lips with her tongue darting in my mouth and I responded by doing the same. A few seconds later she pulled away gave me such a big smile, stroking away at both our cocks. At that moment I thought about that dreamy erotic kiss, and for a split second I panicked, and realized that she had just been sucking Pete's cock, and I wasn't sure if he had cum or not. But it was a sweet kiss, not cum-slimy, so that was a relief.
Suddenly Cheryl put both hands on my shoulders and stood up. But before I could react in any way, she gripped my head as I licked my lips expecting to be delving into her pussy. But she just lowered herself down right on top of my 6" cock guiding me in with her one hand, sliding down to the hilt in one smooth motion. With that we started kissing again as she slowly gyrated around on my cock. I looked over toward Denise for her reaction, but she seemed to be unaware of my situation in spite of being just 3 feet away.
Again she was focused only on Pete who was slowly stroking his cock and staring directly at Denise. She was lying there; legs spread even wider, now dipping one finger in an out of her pussy, he eyes locked on Pete. Reality shocks hit me as I watched Pete lean forward and kneel between Denise's spread legs and began playing with her big tits and with his big 8" cock still hard as a rock hovering over her pussy. Denise finally looked over at me and she had the dreamiest smile on her face.
Meanwhile, Cheryl is starting to really grind on my cock and I am playing with her big hard nipples, rolling them in my fingers and she starts groaning, telling me to do it harder! So I pinch them more and more and she starts bucking and bouncing so much that I can't even hold onto her nipples. Without skipping a beat Cheryl broke the silence and startled me by yelling "fuck her Pete, fuck her!" I look over to see Denise with both hands wrapped around Pete's big cock. I couldn't tell if she's trying to guide it in, or push it away! Then Cheryl again yells "fuck her Pete!" Then I hear Denise yell just like Cheryl. "Fuck me Pete! Fuck me!" Then one, two, three, four, five slow strokes each deeper and deeper and Pete slams it home! Denise screams at the top of her lungs. Not a scream of pain but of a scream of exhilaration. And then Pete starts picking up the pace, pumping in an out of Denise's pussy with Denise trying to meet his thrusts.
As Cheryl and I were watching them, she was still riding my cock but now at a jackhammer pace and soon explodes into an orgasm that sets me off. Then we crumple into a heap as we pull apart and roll over to watch Denise get the fucking of her life. Denise has had multiple orgasms in the past. But I have never seen her in a state of constant orgasm for minutes and minutes. Finally Pete blows a huge load into Denise and slowly pulls out as we watch, mesmerized. Denise's gaping pussy looks bigger and redder that I've ever seen it, and was a sight to behold with Pete's cum oozing out. Denise had collapsed with her head thrown back and was catching her breath. With that, Cheryl crawled by me and began to gently stroke Denise's thighs, and then slid between her legs and started to gently lick Denise clean!
Pete leaned toward Cheryl so she could clean him as well, and Cheryl drew him closer so she could alternately lick his big cock clean as well as Denise's pussy. I wondered if Denise, with her head still thrown back, had any idea that it was Cheryl licking her pussy. I was feeling a little abandoned, so I climb around and position myself hoping that Denise could lick and suck me clean too. And she found the energy to do just that. I was wondering if Denise would actually lick and suck my slimy cock because she has never enjoyed doing that, much less with the juices of another woman in the mix. But like the rest of us, she was caught up in the sheer animal lust that seemed to be in the air that afternoon. And a thorough yet gentle job she did.
Before the day was over, in a more subdued atmosphere and with conversation, Denise got to seriously suck and stroke Pete's big cock to near orgasm. But Cheryl made it clear earlier that she wanted Pete to cum in her mouth. We learned that Cheryl is an unabashed cum freak, which is why she licked and sucked Denise clean. Cheryl later hinted that she was not necessarily bi-sexual, but it sure looked like she knew her way around a pussy. Later it was my turn, and with the two beautiful ladies down on all fours, they took turns sucking my cock with Pete behind them fingering them. Then when the moment came, and with Denise's blessing, Cheryl took me over the top and gobbled up all my cum while I watched Pete sucking my wife's tits. After a brief rest we realized that sunset was approaching and it was time to leave.
***** The Aftermath
We did not exchange phone numbers, as they implied throughout our conversations that they preferred to remain anonymous even to us. But in parting, they did say they hoped to meet up with us at the beach soon. Later, Denise and I were intrigued by their need for anonymity, with all sorts of scenarios running though our heads. Denise said that we learned only one thing about them; that they surely had a lot of experience with group sex. I laughed while agreeing, saying that they tore through us novices like an erotic tornado that left us in dazed heap!
Later at home that evening Denise sat out on our patio and I discussed at length the roles each of us played in that steamy encounter. I made it clear that I was aware of how she was enamored with Pete. Then I added, or was it just Pete's cock? Denise just smiled and me as said it was his eyes that made her so incredibly horny! We both had to laugh with that. I asked Denise if she would ever consider another party like today's if the opportunity ever presented itself.
Denise became serious and said that she realized she acted like a complete slut and embarrassed herself. She was very concerned that I was upset with her. I comforted Denise and let her know that I loved her very much, and that in my mind she did absolutely nothing wrong. I told her that I would never be upset with her under any circumstances that would lead her to the threshold of her own pleasure-paradise as happened that day. I told her how proud I was of her, being able to throw all her inhibitions aside and indulge herself completely. I told Denise that she had never been more beautiful than she had been that afternoon. Denise embraced me and told me how much she loved me. Soon we were kissing, then caressing. Soon clothes were flying off and we got on the lounger and were soon were fucking under the stars. Denise never said yes to my question about a redo. But she certainly did not rule out another such tryst!