Had some ideas for this new series. I will get back to the other ones as well, eventually. These take a lot of time, so please be kind. Sorry for the typos. Feel free to contact me if you're an editor and you like my stuff :).
---
Glowing rods perched atop the six black shafts glowed stoically around the pool in my backyard, undisturbed by the persistent pattering of hard rain. An early lightening storm had graced us with its presence, and provided the perfect backdrop for my mood.
I stood in my living room peering through the sliding glass doors, my eyes seeing but my mind blank. My hand wrapped around a warm whiskey glass. Two fingers of alcohol remained in the glass, my third of the night, as I tried not to think about the fact that my wife had just left me.
The pool was uncovered and, for once, I knew no one would be telling me to go out into the rain to cover it. I would pay for that later, I knew, when I would have to spend an afternoon correcting the salt balance, but at the moment, it was the furthest thing from my mind.
A flickering flash of lightening illuminated the backyard pool brightly for a moment, providing a frozen picture of countless rain droplets across the turbulent surface of the pool. Moments later, a loud crack of thunder started me out of my reverie. "That must have hit nearby" I thought to myself, shaking my head and inhaled deeply.
I looked down at the glass in my hand. I brought it to my lips and took a large sip, appreciating the quality of the whisky as it warmed my chest. The warmth was short lived, however, as the reality of my situation weighed down on me.
Tonight was my first night alone in the house that was meant to be the forever home. Married five years ago, house purchased three, it was a home meant to be filled with children. Children that would never come.
--
I started as my phone buzzed loudly, rattling on the table. Ignoring it, I continued browsing the porn site, trying to find a settle on something to get off to. For once not needing to worry about my wife coming home and shaming me, I had decided I could take advantage of being alone and finally jerk off on the big screen in the living room.
I eventually settled on an amateur film featuring a Russian woman with a body that was impossibly perfect. Huge muscular ass, perfect breasts, with a face more beautiful than an A list actress. I marveled at the world we lived in. The title promised that she would ride her man to multiple orgasms, so I maximized the screen and hit play, ready to see it.
I unbuckled my belt with one hand, then my jeans, and finally my fly, watching as the actress danced for her faceless lover. Him sitting with his head out of the shot, his muscular arms at his sides as he waited to be serviced by the gyrating vixen. I wondered if it was because he was horribly ugly, or if his anonymity was somehow more important than the starlets.
Deep thoughts as I shimmied my pants and underwear down to my knees, and sat my bare ass on the couch. Another previously forbidden act, I gave my flaccid dick a single three fingered tug while watching the camera switch to first person view. The starlet's hazel eyes watching me through the camera.
I polished off the remaining whiskey in my glass, and poured another three fingers. Part of me realized that I'd drunk nearly a third of the bottle, and I wondered if I was going to fail at jerking off due to whiskey dick. I leaned back and started to gently touch myself, appreciating the beauty on the large screen, and was relieved to feel myself start to harden. The woman gyrated for the audience, slowly stripping down until she was wearing just a pair of lacy black underwear. My phone buzzed again and I frowned at it, but refused to be distracted. There's no one I wanted to talk to tonight.
By the time the view had switched by to the third person, and she was giving a very wet and professional looking blowjob to our faceless hero, I was fully erect and enjoying myself. The quality of free porn really was amazing nowadays.
My legs restricted by my pants which pooled at my ankles, I reached down to grab one leg, intending to get naked. That plan was foiled when I nearly jumped from my skin at the sound of my doorbell. My heart immediately started to race as I wondered who it could be. Glancing at the clock, I saw it was 9pm, way too late for any delivery. I only hesitated for a moment, before I stood up, pulling my pants up in the process. The door rang again insistently, followed by a knock on the door.
Annoyed now, I continued dressing, pushing my angry erection under the band of my pants and buckled my belt loosely so it had room. My shirt was fortunately long enough to hang down over my waist and I walked to the door, halting as I reached it. I reached out to open the peep hole cover and looked through.
Illuminated by the porch light, a slim feminine figure with shoulder length auburn hair stood with one hand on her head as she scanned the empty street, her back to me. Next to her, a large suitcase stood, rain drop beads on its plastic service. I had no idea who it was. With one more glance down the front of my shirt, I checked for evidence of my recent activity. Finding none, I proceeded to unlock the safety bolt and chain.
Cracking the door tentatively, I peaked around it, my eyes widening as I recognized the guest. I quickly opened the door fully and blurted, "Madison?"
My niece stood before me, her soaking wet hair plastered to her face, her eyebrows furrowed, her mouth grimaced with her uncertainty before she unloaded quickly, "Hi Uncle Mark. I'm so sorry I'm bothering you like this. Did you get my messages? I didn't know where to go, and I thought you and Aunt Dawn might be here so I wrote, but I didn't hear back from you.. I really sorry that I'm here so late.."
"Whoa whoa whoa" I cut her off, holding my hands in front of me defensively. Opening the screen door I reached out towards her with palm open, "Come in, come in."
Inhaling deeply, her relief palpable, she grabbed her heavy case and rolled it towards the door jar. "Thank you so much, oh my gosh, you are a life saver." She said, clearly struggling to lift the bag up and into the house. I placed my hand on her shoulder, touching her wet skin and the thin lace strap of her shirt, as well as a thicker matching lace strap of her bra as I ushered her inside and past me. Her hand covered mine and she said "thank you" again and walked into the house.
I reached down to grab the bag, suppressing a grunt as I heaved it up and in to the house. It felt like it was full of bricks. She stood in the entry way, her arms wrapped around herself, as she surveyed the living room. She was wearing a tight pair of white jeans that looked like a second pair of skin. My heart nearly jumped from my body at that moment, though, as I realized that the video I'd been watching was still on the living room TV.
Judging by the fact that I couldn't hear anything, it appeared I had at least paused it, but for sure I hadn't minimized. If she took another two steps, it would come in to view. I nearly leapt forward and grabbed her shoulder again, turning her towards me. "What's going on Madison?" I asked, hoping concern was more audible in my voice than panic.
"Oh Uncle Mark" she started, "I've just had the worst day." Her face seemed to collapse on itself as tears welled in her brown eyes, immediately overwhelming them and flowing down her face.
I held raised my other hand to her shoulder and repeated, "What happened?" the concern in my voice real. Rather than answer she sobbed and stepped forward, her head thumping on my chest. My eyebrows raise, I shrugged and wrapped her in a hug, one hand on her back, the other on her head. I pet her gently and murmured, "Shh, it's OK sweetie. It's OK."
Her hands wrapped around me and she held me close, her shoulder heaving as she really started to embrace her cry. I continued to mutter consoling, meaningless phrases as my mind began to take stock of the situation.
Madison was the daughter of my older sister. Our family wasn't very close, and I would often go years without seeing either my sister or niece, despite the fact that we lived less than an hour away from one another. It wasn't that we were in conflict, rather we had extremely different views on life. The main issue was that my sister's family was extremely religious and conservative, whereas I had taken a much more liberal approach.
I'd lived with several girlfriends before my wife, and even that had been a point of contention to my sister. I was also a liberal drinker, occasional drug user, and I never went to church. As a result of this, we really only ever saw each other at events organized by our parents, and those were few and far between.
Given how rarely we saw each other, I'd never managed to really develop a close relationship with my niece, certainly not the type that would explain an unexpected nighttime visit at my house.
The second thing that was painfully clear to me was that the erection that had developed during my porn viewing was still very much present. I was standing with my hips tiled in a way that prevented it from pressing against her, but I was coming to the realization that the feeling of this young ladies skin against my hands and arms, the weight of her body pressed against mine, as well as the intoxicating smell of her perfume was not helping my current state of affairs.
My back starting to ache from the awkward position of my hips, I finally reached down to grab her arms to push her gently away from me. Reluctantly, it seemed, she let go of the hug and let me hold her at arms length. Eye make up covered her face, running to her chin, she sniffled loudly and said "I'm so sorry." She looked at my shirt and her eyes widened. I looked down too as she reached out, whipping furtively at the two river shaped stains of mascara that she had stamped to my shirt.
"Oh my god!" she cried, but I grabbed her by the wrists, and held her.
"Madison!" I said firmly, "Please, it's OK. Just calm down!" realizing I was speaking more loudly than strictly necessary. I glanced over her shoulder, thinking about the porn, and then back at her.
"I don't know what's going on, but you need to chill out a bit OK? You're not in danger are you? You're not hurt?" I wanted to get some big items out of the way before I continued to tell her she's OK. Maybe she wasn't, after all. I had no idea.
"No" she said quietly, still sniffling, "I'm not hurt. It's not that."
"OK then." I wanted to tell her to go to the bathroom to get cleaned up, but the path there lead directly through the living room. "Why don't you take off your shoes you can come in and we can get this sorted out. Just wait here, I'll bring you some slippers." Sure, slippers.
Not waiting for an answer, I walked at nearly a run to my computer. Closing the browser, I reached for the remote and turn off the TV, sighing with relief. "Uncle Mark?" I heard and looked up, seeing Madison enter the living room. She had found a pair of slippers near the door. "I found these, is it OK?" she said, gesturing down.
I glanced at the TV, double checking that it was off, and closed the lid of my computer. I nodded and walked towards her slowly, "Yes, that's fine. Come in Madison, come in."
She just stood there though and said, "Would it be OK if I use the bathroom? Or maybe could I take a shower? I'm so glad I'm inside, that rain was crazy." She sighed and shook her head, "Could I just get dry, and then I can tell you what's going on? You're right, it's OK now." She smiled softly, "I'm with family."
"Yes, oh of course you can sweetie" I said, still flustered by nearly getting caught, her sentimentality completely flying over my head. "It's right at the top of the stairs, you can't miss it. There should be a clean towel in the cabinet up there." I stood awkwardly, still erect but my heart rate slowing as the danger of being caught seemed to have passed.
She was wearing a black silk top, which was hanging loosely on her body. One strap down around her arm, I noticed the swell of her cleavage. She sniffed and absentmindedly brought the strap back up before saying, "Thank you again. I will feel better after the shower and then we'll talk, OK?"
I nodded and she turned to walk up the stairs. I noted that her top ended such that a sliver of tan skin was visible above the top of her high waist jeans. I'd never been a fan of this style of pant, but as she ascended the stairs, I understood that on the right body type, they really were flattering.
It was only when she turned to look back at me when she reached the top of the stairs that I realized I shouldn't just be standing there watching her. "I will be fast" she said, a small smile on her lips.
"No problem Madison," I stammered, turning towards the kitchen. "Take your time." I could feel the flush on my face. Drunk. It's because I'm drunk, I thought to myself, walking to the kitchen. My dick was hard, though, and the image of her bum in those pants was etched in my mind.
--
I'd managed to get myself under control though, by busying myself in the kitchen. First, I prepared a pot of iced mint tea, sliced some ginger and lemons, and then prepared a carafe of water. I was just finishing adding more lemons and fresh mint to the water when I heard the bathroom door open. Taking a deep breath, and feeling more centered, I existed the kitchen to the main room in time to see Madison start down the stairs.
One towel on her head, she had another wrapped around her chest, which covered her to the top of her thighs. A slim gold chain with a cross rested in the hint of cleavage under the fluffy towel. Her legs were long, lean and muscular, but I forced myself to look her in the face and smiled. "Feel better?" I asked.
"So much better" she responded, smiling back at me. She shook her head gently, and glanced at her suitcase, still standing in the entry way. "You have an amazing shower" she continued, and walked towards her luggage.
"Glad you liked it" I said, watching as she heaved the over-packed suitcase onto its side and then squatted down next to it.
The towel stayed wrapped around her, but I swallowed hard as I noticed it inched even higher up her legs. The muscles in her calves and thighs switched as she unzipped. She raised slightly, bending at her hips as she lifted the suite case open. I couldn't help looking as far up as I could see, wondering if the towel would manage to keep her covered.
"What am I doing" I thought to myself abruptly, "that's Madison!" and then turned towards the kitchen.
"I made some tea" I said. "Do you drink tea?" I ventured another look at her, watching as she dug though what looked to be a full wardrobe of clothes.
She grabbed a couple pieces and then smiled up at me, "Tea would be lovely." She nodded towards the living room and said, "Can I throw these on here?"
She held what looked to be grey pajamas and I cleared my throat before responding in the affirmative. I could hear the towel hit the floor, and I tried unsuccessfully not to imagine my niece standing naked in my living room.
Pouring the tea, I sat at the kitchen table, not having to wait long before she appeared before me. Her hands were manipulating the towel on her head, as she vigorously dried her hair. As expected, she was wearing a matching grey top and bottom. The top which was already quite short, lifted up, revealing her firm stomach, and rib cage. A loose pair of short shorts rested so low on her hips that I had to wonder how they didn't fall right off. A sliver of smooth, untanned skin was visible above her pants, and clearly indicated how much time she spent in a swimsuit.
I tore my eyes away and concentrated on the tea, waiting for her to finish with her hair. I realized that blood was once again flowing to my dick, a chub already starting to form.
I heard the chair across from me shift, and I looked up, watching as she draped her towel over the back of it before sitting down. She was finishing the process of putting her hair in a pony tail. She smiled again, looking fresh, no hint of the makeup catastrophe from earlier. "Where to start" she said, looking at me for help.
"At the beginning?" I answered, immediately unsatisfied with my response, I tried again. "Do your parents know you're here?" I continued, asking "Should I give them a call?"
Immediately her look soured and she said, "Oh please don't. They don't know I'm here, no" she continued. Seeing the expression on my face, she sighed. "Oh Mark. This day has been so messed up."
"I got that." I responded, starting to lose patience. "I know it's messed up. How is it messed up? What happened? Why are you here?" Between the alcohol, and my boner, I was starting to get a bit cranky. I had my own problems.
"Please don't be mad," she started but quickly continued, "I'm here because I don't know where else to go." I raised my eyebrows, inviting her to continue. "I'm supposed to be going to summer session at boarding school. But..." she paused. I glared.
She continued. "Well.. I kind of got kicked out I guess. They told me I wasn't welcome there for summer session and... well... my parents don't know. I was supposed to stay with my friend Lindsey but she just told me that her parents actually invited her to go with them on their summer vacation. I can't believe it. And yeah, she said I couldn't stay at hers because there is some construction happening or whatever. And I couldn't find anyone else and it was getting late, and then they wouldn't let me book a hotel room because I lost my drivers license, so they said I was too young, but I'm 18, you know? So then I remembered you lived near so I wrote you and you didn't answer, but I thought I'd try coming and... well.. yeah. That's what's happened." She gushed, finally taking a breath.
She was breathing heavily, her bosom heaving. I kept my eyes on hers though. "I see." I said. I paused, wondering where to begin. "You got kicked out of school and your parents don't know?" I started, deciding to be the responsible uncle.
"I wasn't really kicked out." she continued. "I mean, I graduated already. It's just summer school. They said I wasn't welcome." Her eyes started looking around, everywhere but at me.
"And why is that Madison?" I really was curious. From everything I'd ever heard about this girl, it was hard for me to imagine her being kicked out of anywhere. Straight A student, athlete, devout. I waited.
"Oh, you know." she said, twisting her fingers. "Boarding schools have a lot of rules, and there was this one teacher who really hated me. I don't know why." She looked at me intently, willing me not to ask and continued, "And she eventually said that I was breaking curfew too many times, which is totally not true, and she convinced the admins that it was a problem and I was out of control, and so they said I shouldn't come back." Her eyebrows raise, she looked at me.
"OK" I said, deciding it sounded believable. "But why didn't you tell your parents?"
"Are you kidding?" She said, exasperated, "You know my parents. They would kill me!" She took a sip of tea, "I'm going to college in Canada next year anyway, and it's not a religious one. Did you know that?"
I didn't, but I said, "Of course."
"So I thought I'd have the summer with Lindsey at hers. Her parents were going to leave here there alone, but then last minute surprise! Some surprise."
"Yes indeed. OK, Uncle Mark to the rescue."
"Yes, Uncle Mark and Aunt Dawn to the rescue." She smiled at looked around at that. "Where is Aunt Dawn, anyway" she asked taking another sip.
I also took a sip, clearing my throat, not ready to start talking about that. "She is gone this week visiting her mother." I lied. "She just left today, actually."
"Ahaa.." Madison said, looking at me over the rim of her tea cup. "And you get to stay home and be a bachelor?"
"Well, not exactly a bachelor" I said, clearing my throat, thinking how right she was. "But yeah, I'm here all by myself this week."
"All alone in this big house," she said, putting her elbows on the table and leaving forward, her face in palms. I saw in my peripheral vision how her shirt hung off the swell of her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra.
"Madison." I started, "I would like to help you out, but I don't think it would be right for you to stay here without my sister knowing about it." Feeling responsible, I glanced down at her chest between her arms. Ample flesh pressed together, her cross taunting me. I thought I could see her nipples, but I quickly looked back up.
"But Uncle Mark" she said, reaching one arm across the table and grasping mine. "It's not a big deal. I'm going to be out of their house anyway, and then I won't be living in their rules. And I know you weren't going to see them or talk to them, so maybe just don't see them or talk to them?" She reached her other hand out as well, arms still close together, cleavage still beckoning my gaze.
I glanced quickly and then back up, cursing my weak will power. "How long?" I asked.
She smiled, squeezing my arms, "Just for the week? I can leave before Aunt Dawn gets back?" She leaned back, "I promise I won't bother you. I can help around the house? I'll clean!" She was bouncing up and down now, "Oh thank you Uncle Mark." Her breasts looked like they might bounce out of her top.
"OK, OK." Said, and she squealed, "You can stay for the week."
She jumped from the seat and rushed to me, leaning down and wrapping her hands around my head. My face pressed against her soft chest and she held me there, hard enough that it was a challenge to breath. I didn't move though, reveling in the feeling and smell of her skin. If I opened my mouth, I'd have a mouthful of tit. I felt her nipple pressing against my cheek. My dick was like a rock.
"Oh thank you Uncle Mark" she said, releasing me. Her breasts hovered in front of my face, her nipples hard and now clearly visible as they pressing against the cotton fabric of her thin nighty. "You are my savior!" She went to hug me again, but I pushed my chair back, and reached my hands forward to stop her, my hands finding purchase on the bare flesh of her hips. Not bothered, she looked up at me, eyes glistening with happiness.
"Let's not go overboard." I chuckled nervously, "I'm not your savior." She started bouncing up and down again. "Let's go upstairs and I'll show you the guest room."
I released her, expecting to turn to grab her suitcase, but shouted in surprise when she leapt at me, her arms wrapping around my neck. Reflexively, I caught her around her waist, feeling her bare flesh with my arms as she hung there. Her legs lifted up and wrapped around my torso, and I had to stifle a groan as I felt her groin press against mine.
"I always knew you were amazing" she shouted into my neck. I could feel her lips brushing the sensitive skin as she spoke. "You are the best uncle ever!"
My dick felt like it was going to explode. Her teen flesh under my hands was smooth as silk, and the pressure against my bulge was exhilarating. I was too horny to be embarrassed, but I was sure she must feel my hard on. I wasn't small by any means, and she was basically sitting on it. I held my breath, wondering what she would say.
With a final squeeze, she simply dropped down and grinned, before hugging me once more, her feet on the ground. My bulge pressed against her belly now and she looked up at me.
"I don't know about that.." I responded weakly, my face flushed.
"You are!" She said confidently and smiled again. Turning, she went to her bag and bent over to close it. I was presenting with a ridiculous view of her pajama bottom's losing battle with her ass. Both firm, round cheeks hung from the bottom, the fabric pulling tight against her. I could see shadows of flesh between her legs, and wondered if she was wearing panties. Reaching down I grabbed my cock, squeezing it through my pants, no thought of how wildly inappropriate I was being. My hand slid up and down the length of my shaft through my pants as my eyes continued to wander.
Following her hip, up her side, I realized I could also up my niece's shirt, and was rewarded with a view of the silhouette of her teen breasts hanging free. They were a solid C, I figured, and if there were just a bit more light I would be able to see her nipples. Her breasts swayed from her movements as she zipped her bag. Rubbing harder now, I looked back at her ass, imagining myself releasing my cock and fucking her from behind.
I audibly grunted at the thought and realized, to my horror, I was about going to come. I immediately dropped my hands, and looked anywhere but at her. My heart was racing, and I forced myself to take a deep breath.
"Do you think you could carry this up for me?" She had stood up and was facing me, one hand pointing at her bag.
I just stood there, trying not to grimace, collapse, or moan. I was so close to orgasm, I couldn't even respond. Her face turned to one of concern as she approached me. "Are you OK Uncle Mark?"
I raised my hand, still not speaking. She stopped and continued to watch, confused. I could feel the wave of pleasure that was about to overcome me start to recede, and I exhaled slowly and forced a smile. I coughed unnecessarily and said in a choked voice, "Why don't you go upstairs to the room? It's the door next to the bathroom you used." I paused, taking a deep breath, getting a hold of myself. "I'll bring this up in a minute."
"Oh." she said, then brightened. "OK, I'll go check it out! Thank you again Uncle Mark" and I realized, to my horror that she coming for another hug. Unable to stop her she pressed her body against me again and raised up to tip toes to kiss my cheek. My dick twitched, and I clenched my hands into fists, willing myself not to ejaculate.
She dropped down to the flats of her feet and, as she turned, I sighed in relief at controlling myself. I made sure not to watch her climb the stairs, giving myself a solid thirty seconds to think pure thoughts before heading back to lug the enormous suitcase up the stairs.
When I arrived at the room, I stood at the door and watched my niece examine the room. Having already opened the closet, she was now leaning over to open the bottom dresser drawer.
Hearing me arrive, she turned. "This place is amazing Uncle Mark." she said, and I was worried she was going to come hug me again.
Before she could, I deposited her bag and said, "I'm actually going to take a shower now Madison. Do you have everything you need?"
"Yes for sure." She nodded pertly. Looking at the clock next to her bed she said, "it sure is getting late. Almost 10pm on a Friday!" She smiled at me.
"Oh, it is Friday, isn't it," I said, smiling at her infectious energy. "I had forgotten..."
"Did you have plans tonight?" she asked, sweetly. "I have to say I'm not very tired now that I know I have somewhere to sleep." I realized she was walking towards me, and I stepped back in time. "Weren't you about to watch a movie when I came?"
Needing to escape, I responded, "Yes, that's true." She came closer. "Why don't you find something we can watch together? I'll shower and come down." Not waiting for an answer, I escaped to my room and closed the door, leaning against it.
What have I gotten myself in to was my main thought as I entered the shower. My dick stood strongly ahead of me, and I watched it bounce as I flexed it. I hadn't been so hard in ages. Images of Madison's ass came unbidden to my head, and I wrapped my hand around my shaft. I imagined her on her knees in the shower, looking up at my innocently. Eyes closed, I stroked quickly, knowing I would come quickly. I imagined her opening her mouth questioningly, and pushing the head in. I was about to blow.
"Uncle Mark?" My niece's voice at the door.
Guiltily I dropped my hand, eyes wide, "Yes?" I responded, hoping I sounded normal.
"What's the password on your TV?"
Right, of course. I'd set on up during an argument with my wife.
"18443" I responded.
"What? What's the password?"
"18443" I repeated, more loudly this time.
"I'm so sorry, I can't hear you."
Trying to be patient, I opened the glass door to the shower and walked towards the door, my dick leading the way.
"Can I open the door?" she asked, and I watched in horror as it started to swing inwards. I lept forward, and saw her startled face. I saw her eyes take in the situation, as I slammed the door closed.
"I'm so sorry!" she scratched. "I was just going to open it a little so I could hear you."
"It's OK Madison." I said, trying to remain calm. "The password is 18443". I said it loudly, slowly and clearly. "I'll be down in a few minutes OK?"
"OK Uncle Mark. I'm sorry for being a bother again."
Cold and wet, my dick started to deflate and I returned to the shower. That was annoying. Finishing quickly, I put on some grey sweat pants and a white t-shirt, my typical evening attire. Just act natural, and everything will be fine. This is my niece.
Pep talk given, these mature and rational thoughts lasted right up until the moment Madison came into view in living room. Lying on the couch on her stomach, she slowly waved her two bare feet in the air. Propped up on one elbow, she held the controller towards the TV with the other, looking for a movie. Her shirt had ridden up such that most of her back was exposed. Her ass, a bubble, looked like it was begging to be bit. Or spanked. Or licked. Or massaged.
I cleared my throat and she turned to look at me, smiling. "Hi!" she put down the remote and reached her hand to me, beckoning me forward. I walked towards her and took it. She squeezed my hand and held it, nodding at the TV.
"I'm sorry again for barging in on you like that. I thought you were in the shower." She paused, and nodded towards the TV, "Have you seen this one?" She had selected something from the Academy Awards list. A foreign film. She swiveled to sit up and pulled me down next to her.
I could feel my cock hardening against my inner thigh as I sat down, leaving some space between us. That space quickly evaporated, as she immediately scooted over to sit closer, her leg pressed against mine.
"I haven't seen it, no." I looked around and found a blanket, needing something to hide my arousal. "We can totally watch that if you want."
"Super!" she exclaimed, standing up, her ass inches from my face. She turned and looked down at me as I willed myself not to try to look under her loose shorts at her groin. "Do you want something to drink? Maybe you have beer? Could I have one?"
"Madison!" I said, shocked. "You're not 21.."
"I know Uncle Mark, but you know I'm going to go to school in Canada. And the drinking age there is 18. Shouldn't have some practice with alcohol?" She pouted, throwing out a hip and putting her hand on it. The action drew her pants away from her crotch, and I saw a sliver of her skin between her legs. Goose pimpled slightly darker flesh, and I realized it was part of her outer lips.
I exhaled hard, and looked up. "OK sure, sweetie. That makes sense." I desperately looked at the repeating preview of the film, anything to avoid looking at my young niece.
"You're the best." She said happily as she skipped away. As soon as she was out of sight, I reached down in to my shorts to adjust my hard-on, pointing it straight up and under my waist band. Realizing it was too big, I shoved it back in and to the right and covered myself with the blanked.
I had the film started by the time she bound back in, confidently grabbing the blanked and inserting herself under it, pressed next to me. "Why do you have the air conditioner on so cold" she shivered, and nuzzled herself under my arm. "I'm so cold."
Not having any choice, I rested my arm behind her neck and held her and she leaned in to me, head on my chest. She put her feet up on the couch, and I felt both her hands come to rest on my leg near my knee. Her arms pressed against the top of my thighs, the head of my cock inches from her elbow. I glanced down and was rewarded with a view of the top her head and her cleavage.
The movie started, and I tried my best to concentrate on it. Subtitles, a mystery, some fantasy, I actually found myself engaged in it. Madison, though, soon started to sigh. Then fidget. Then sigh again.
"What's up Madison?" I asked. "You don't like it?"
She looked up at me with sleep eyes and said, "It's OK I guess. I just realize that maybe I'm more tired than I thought." She yawned loudly and then started to move, straightening her legs and she shifting.
I realized too late what she was doing, and before I could protest or move, she lay on her side, her head on my thigh. My rapidly hardening dick trapped beneath her temple. She nuzzled and smacked her lips contently, "Do you mind" turning her head to look up at me.
I could see the outline of my cock growing now next to her forehead, her tired face beautiful. I just shook my head, unable to speak.
With a smile she turned around, facing me now and lay again shifting towards me so more of her head was on my lap. The head of my cock was now resting against her head, and I could feel precum leaking from it. "Do you mind if I sleep like this?" she asked, her voice heavy with sleep.
I reached down and gently stroked her hair, "No Madison, it's OK." She nuzzled again, pressing harder against my cock, and then lay still. I watched the movie, eyes wide, shocked at what was happening.
Did she not realize that was my dick pressed against her? How innocent was this girl? I continued to pet her hair, and looked at my cock. Her breathing slowed to a steady rhythm. "Madison?" I whispered, but no response.
She was asleep, and I was mad with lust. I pet her head more firmly, pressing her against me, and moved my hips gently. I looked down her body, her hips and stomach revealed to me. No part of me was thinking this was my family member at this point. No, this was a woman who was pushing my past any reasonable point of control.
I reached down with one hand, and gripped the head of my cock. I moaned and, traced the glands in my head. My hips were rocking more strongly now, my other hand still pressing her head against me. I could feel my orgasm slowly approaching, and I groaned again, withdrawing my hand. My balls ached.
To my horror, at that moment Madison inhaled deeply, and stretched her hands above her head. She rolled on to her stomach and crossed her arms on my lap, resting her head between them. She was directly on my cock now and she rolled her head looking for a comfortable spot, bouncing directly on my dick.
I clenched my teeth, flexed my dick strongly against her sleeping face. The hours of edging was too much, and the warm glow of an orgasm started in my toes. I reached down and stroked her hair, holding her tightly against my lap. My mouth opened, and I exhaled heavily, hips moving slightly as I ground against her face. I looked at her beautiful face and grunted as my orgasm hit me.
My dick jumped and twitched uncontrollably, trapped under her face, as I emptied my balls into my pants. Her eyes remained closed, and she breathed steadily, unaware of the torrent of pleasure she was causing. I brought both hands to my mouth and bit my fingers in an attempt not to yell with pleasure as I continued to erupt. Madison never moved.
Dropping my hands, I tried to get my breathing under control. Not believing what just happened. I watched the film until my hard-on finally receded, and I felt the come on my hip and ass start to cool.
Biting the bullet, I reached down to hold Madison's head, and shifted out from under her, placing her still head down on the couch. Post orgasm clarity hit me like a ton of bricks, and shame finally pierced the cloud of horniness and whiskey I'd been living in since she arrived. I scratched my head roughly, praying to no god in particular that no one ever find out about what just happened.
With tightened lips, I bent my knees and, as gently as I could, slid my arms under her knees and shoulders. She was lighter than I thought, and I didn't have to struggle at all to lift her. She sighed contently, and nuzzled her face into my neck. Even though she had used my soap and shampoo, she still had her own smell, and I breathed it in deeply.
I could feel my come running down my legs, and I looked down to see if I was leaving stains on the floor. My eyes never made it that far, however, as my guest's shirt had shifted mightily when I had picked her up, and half of the areola on her right breast was visible. Her nipples were a lovely maroon color, the size of a half dollar. I nearly walked into the stairs, I was so focused on her breasts. My cock was pressing again uncomfortably against my shorts, confirming that the fog that had so recently cleared, was back with a vengeance.
Climbing the stairs, I controlled my breathing, and focused on getting her safely in bed. A short hallway later, and I was entering her room, striding to the side of her bed. I leaned over, gently depositing her on the side of her mattress. I stared at her face, marveling at how beautiful she was. So unlike my sister.
I was still staring as she lazily opened her eyes, meeting mine and smiling slowly. She hummed happily and then stretched, reaching her arms high above her head, her legs spreading. My mouth dropped open as I observed the show of flesh this action exposed. I couldn't decide if I should look at the bottom of her breasts, or between her legs, so I tried to do both. My eyes flickering, not taking anything in, just leaving me with a sensation that I'd seen something good.
"I haven't been carried to bed in ages." She finally said, pushing herself up to a sitting position, her arms behind her, her breasts pressing forward. I looked down at her, realizing that her head was at cock level. Her smiling mouth looked wet, her lips inviting. I imagined pulling my shorts down with one hand, and her head forward with the other. My cock was painfully hard now, still positioned down on pant leg. "I think I'm going to like living with my Uncle" she said.
Still trapped in my blowjob fantasy, I was slow to react when she scooted forward, hanging her legs of the side of the bed. Her arms wrapped around my waist and she pulled me forward strongly. "Madison!" I shouted in surprise as I stumbled forward in to her embrace.
Her cheek pressed against the waistband of my shorts, her breasts against my constricted member as she hugged me tightly. I flexed inadvertently, my dick pressing against her tit. I bit my lip to avoid vocalizing and rested my hands on her shoulders. Applying pressure, I tried to get her to release me.
She leaned back, finally, and smiled widely. "I'm a hugger, OK? You better get used to it." I noticed a damp spot on her right tit, and realized with horror that my come had completely soaked through my pants. Luckily the lights were off in the room, so there was a decent chance she didn't notice.
Turning quickly towards her front door I took a few steps before stopping, realizing she needed a response. I took a steadying breath and said, "I'm glad you decided to come Madison." I flexed my dick, feeling more precum drizzle on to my thigh. "I'm sure we're going to have a great week."