This story is inspired by a recent party I went to, and someone I made out with. While this didn't actually happen like this, it is fun to imagine! I tried to write it in such a fashion that you could picture yourself being the other person, no matter your sex or gender. Enjoy! Please be nice in the comments. :)
*****
It's Friday night. I, as usual, have nothing to do. Most college students go to bars, but I usually stay in- I don't do anything really crazy. I am deciding to just order in pizza and watch a movie, when I get a text. It's my friend, Taylor, and she is inviting me to a party at our friend Matt's house. I decide to be social and go.
I need to get dressed for the party and pregaming. I'm currently wearing jeans and an old tshirt, which won't work for a house party. I pull my clothes off my 5'7" frame, standing now in just my light blue panties and bra. I search through my closet, until I find something that I like...a tight green shirt that shows off my tits perfectly. I pull on an ass-hugging black skirt, and quickly do my hair and makeup. When I decide that I am decent, I walk to Taylor's house.
When I arrive, Taylor encourages me to take a shot. I do. Watermelon vodka, my favorite. Some more people come to her house, and we giggle and drink with them. When enough time has passed, Taylor tells me that we're ready to walk to the house party.
I grab my purse, slightly stumbling, and follow the group out of the house. It's only a short walk to Matt's house, but it's long enough that the shots are kicking in.
When we arrive at Matt's house, I am very tipsy and ready for another drink. Taylor tells me to slow down, but I can handle it. I am dancing, near some people, when I see you.
You come up to me and wrap an arm around my shoulder. You're tipsy, and I'm tipsy. You're cute, and I'm cute. You wrap me closer into your body, and I don't object. We are dancing, and I think about how I haven't kissed anyone in at least a year. I decide that I would love to kiss you. I can't stand being in this room any longer, and not touching you more. I have never done anything in public, as I'm pretty shy, but it's always been a fantasy of mine.
I pull you close to me, and say that I cannot really hear you...the party is too loud. I ask if you would like to go outside to talk more. You smile, a devlish grin, and say that you would love to. I pull you by the hand outside.
We both stumble down the stairs, until we are near the side of Matt's house.
You try to continue the conversation, to be polite, but that's not what I want.
"I want to kiss you," I say. "Do you want to kiss me?"
You're excited, and I know it. "Yes," you say. "I have wanted to, but-"
I stop you by pressing my mouth against yours, made bold by the alcohol, and we push up against the side of the house. I have my hands against the side of the house, and slide my tongue into your mouth. You respond by fisting your hands in my hair, and pulling me closer to you. You're biting my lip, nibbling on my tongue, and I am getting so turned on. I move my mouth away and moan as you kiss my neck.
Some people are spilling out of the party, and we know, but don't bother to stop. You are now kissing the tops of my round D tits as you are cupping them, and I am moaning. I want to go farther than this, but we're in public.
I start to say that maybe we should continue this in my dorm room, but you want to taste me here, now. I protest a bit more, but you spin me and press me against the side of the house. You kiss me a few more times before kissing my neck, and the tops of my boobs.
We are still in the line of sight from the street, but it is dark, and you and I want to get closer.
You run your hands down my body, and stop when you are at my crotch. You push my skirt up, so that it is up by my stomach, and you quickly pull my underwear down. I'm surprised by how fast this is happening, when you start to lick my clit and rub my opening.
I put all my weight against the house. This feels incredible.
You are rubbing the opening of my vagina more and more, and I am getting wetter and wetter. Your tongue, that was so recently in my mouth, is flicking against my sensitive clit.
In my half-opened eyes, I make eye contact with a guy leaving the party. He smiles at me and keeps his eyes on us as he walks away. I am in such utter bliss that I do not object.
You are now licking my inner lips and start to finger me with two fingers. I am loudly moaning, and see that a small crowd is starting to form.
This makes me want this even more, and I press your head closer to my crotch. You are licking me roughly, and it feels incredible. Your tongue and your fingers send me over the edge, and I have a loud orgasm while the crowd watches. I start to wobble, and you get up, grabbing me to support me. Without pulling my skirt down, you kiss me and I taste myself on your tongue. You're roughly making out with me, running your hands up and down my plump ass, as we are pressed against the house.
You're on top of me, but the crowd can still see my ass and pussy, and I don't care. I reach my arms around you and pull you closer to me. I feel you finger me more, and I learn my head back in ecstasy. I'm wet, your tongue and fingers are amazing, there is a crowd, I'm drunk, this is all too much. I have another orgasm and see a flash. We're on camera.
You look over and smile at the person holding the phone before you bend down and push my legs apart, licking my sensitive clit once more. Someone tells the people in the party to come watch us, and by the time I have my fourth orgasm almost the whole house is watching us.
Eventually, I decide that orgasms and alcohol have made me too tired to do anything, so I pull down my skirt, take your hand, and lead you toward the busses that will take us back to campus. The crowd is cheering as we stumble away, and I cannot wait to have more fun with you tomorrow when we wake up and are no longer drunk.