Author's Note: CAUTION. This story will eventually contain some male bi-sexuality. If that disturbs you, then you should probably stop reading and select another story.
+++++++++++
I didn't say anything to Charles immediately about his mother agreeing to shed her clothes while she was home and walk around in her bra and panties. After dinner was over, Beth pulled me aside and told me she was headed upstairs.
"If I'm going to be seen in my underwear from now on," she began, "I'm going to go up and take a long, hot bath so I can shave my legs and, uh...... shave the rest, too."
I was gratified to hear she was going to shave her pussy. She normally shaves it bare about every two weeks, but knowing she was going to be completely hairless for our first day with everyone in their underwear made me immediately hard. Just the thought that she was primping herself for her son to see her told me she was just as excited about this as I was, and as she took her first steps up the stairs to the master bath, she turned to look at me and gave me a very sexy smile.
Once she'd disappeared into our bedroom and closed the door behind her, I went to Charles' room and lightly tapped on his door. Hearing him say, "Come in" I quietly opened the door and closed it silently behind me.
"Look," I began, "your mother agreed to start the underwear thing tomorrow."
Charles' face lit up with excitement, and I held my hands up to calm him and sat down on his bed so we could set some ground rules. We talked for about fifteen minutes and by the time we were done, I felt he had a pretty good understanding of how all of this was going to play out.
Basically, the plan was this: she agreed to strip down to her bra and panties, and we agreed to just wear our underwear. I told him flat out there would be no covering up or running away if he got an erection, and that went for me, too. I told him we were all free to look at each other and I told him he might as well accept the fact that his mother was going to see him with an erection.
"Yeah, okay." Charles answered.
"So, you're going to be okay if you and I see each other with erections. Right?" I asked.
"No problem." Charles assured me.
"Good. Then we're all set." I said.
As I stood to leave, I stopped just short of his door and turned to face him, saying, "Your Mom's panties will still be in the hamper after she takes them off, just like always. No change in that at all."
Charles blushed as he looked up at me, but, when I gave him a knowing smile and nodded my head, he smiled back at me and nodded his head in return.
Once I turned out all the lights downstairs, I went up to our bedroom with a bottle of wine and two wine glasses. As I entered the master bath, Beth smiled up at me from the tub and asked me to stay and talk with her for a while.
I poured us each a glass of wine and sat down on the edge of the tub and looked down at her. She'd already shaved her pussy, and the way she was sitting, I could see she was perfectly hairless again.
"Sam, I've been thinking about this underwear scheme you and Charles cooked up, and I'm starting to get concerned you haven't thought this through well enough." Beth said. "I mean, have you thought what it's going to be like three or fours days from now?"
"Yes." I said calmly. "I think so."
Beth and I talked for a long time while she finished shaving her legs and relaxed in her hot bath. I told her I'd spoken with Charles and pounded out some basic rules, and then filled her in on what he and I spoke about.
"And just what am I supposed to do when the two of you are walking around in front of me with your hard-ons poking out of your underwear?" My wife asked. "Am I just supposed to ignore it?"
"You're supposed to look." I said in reply. "No hiding or covering up. That's the rule, and it goes for you, too."
I told her it wouldn't be fair for her to cover up or keep us from seeing between her legs, arguing there was no way Charles and I could hide the fact that we were erect.
"That means your son is going to see the crotch of my panties and we both know they're probably going to be wet." She said. "He's going to know his mother is sexually aroused. He'll probably be able to smell me, too. You realize that, right?"
"We're all going to be sexually aroused." I answered. "That's the point, isn't it?"
Finally, taking a big sip from her glass of wine, she glanced up at me and said, "Sam, you must be out of your mind if you think we're going to strip down to our underwear and that's all that's going to happen. You're smart enough to know where all of this is going to lead."
I looked at Beth and she looked at me. Then, in a calm voice, she said, "I can see it all now..... you guys will start getting hard, then your cocks will start popping out of your underwear, and pretty soon the two of you, or me, will be touching them and stroking them. Then everyone will be naked, and the next thing we know, Charles and I having sex."
"I know that's one of your long time fantasies..... to watch another man fuck me." She said, quickly. "But, he's our son."
"Alright, hold on a minute." I replied. "Let's be honest with each other, okay?"
I reminded Beth how incredibly turned on she was the day she caught Charles masturbating – the way she stood there for several minutes watching him..... staring at his cock and balls. I reminded her how wet her pussy was when she told me about it – how breathless she was, and how hard her heart was beating as she described what she saw, and then I reminded her about the nasty sex we had afterwards.
I brought to her attention the fact that he'd been taking her panties out of the laundry hamper – with her complete knowledge and approval, and the fact that I knew our son was using her panties when he jerked off.
"Are you going to sit there and honestly tell me you haven't had sexual thoughts about him?" I asked.
When she didn't answer, I continued pleading my case, saying, "Beth, our son adores you – you know that. He's always been your little man, and he told me himself he thought you were a hottie and he'd like to see you naked."
I explained how perfect this would be – how it would satisfy so many of our fantasies, not only mine and hers, but our son's, too.
"Think what an incredible gift this would be for our son." I added. "The chance to be intimate with the one woman he's loved his whole life...... the one who's panties he sniffs....... the one who he jerks off to."
"Look," I said, "he's not some stranger from a hotel bar, Sweetheart. And yes, I admit I'd love to watch you with him, but it's not just for me. You'd be giving him the thrill of a lifetime, and I know you'd love it, too."
For several minutes, Beth and I were brutally honest with each other about our feelings. She finally admitted she'd had sexual thoughts about Charles and confessed that she'd been tempted to act on them numerous times. She also told me something I was extremely surprised to hear – Charles was still a virgin, a fact he shared with her privately a day or two after he got home from college for the summer.
"Sweetheart, you could be his first." I said, calmly. "Can you honestly tell me that doesn't interest you?"
Eventually, there came a point in our conversation where we both clearly admitted we wanted the two of them to have sex, and once she saw I was completely okay with it, she reached her hand out to me, pulled me to her, kissed me and told me she loved me.
"Let's just start out with the underwear and if it happens, just let it." I said.
"A week from now, though," Beth replied, "I don't want you getting jealous or wishing we hadn't done any of this. By then it'll be too late....... things will have gone way too far by that time."
"I realize that." I said to her. "I won't get jealous. I promise."
"Alright." Beth replied, as she leaned back against the tub, "Do you mind if I make a few requests?"
"No, not at all." I answered. "What did you have in mind?"
Beth looked up toward the ceiling for a few seconds and then turned her head toward me. She told me she wanted me to be the one to take her bra and panties off when the time came for her to be completely naked in front of our son. She blushed a little and confessed she wanted me to be the one to expose her – to fully display her in front of our son.
"What I'd like," Beth began, "is for you to take my bra and panties off slowly. Maybe you could pull my panties down to my knees first and make me face him while you point out how smooth I was. This will make it comfortable for him to look at my vagina."
I wasn't surprised at all – this was her exhibitionist side coming out, and I knew it was something I'd enjoy doing.
"After that, you could take my bra off and let him see my breasts close up." Beth added. "If you pinched my nipples a little, you could show him how they get hard. Don't you think that's something a young man would want to see?"
"Absolutely." I agreed.
"But once I was naked," she continued, "I'd like you to lay me down and have me spread my legs so you could give him a complete anatomy lesson..... and I mean complete. I think it's important he get a thorough lesson on the parts of a woman..... where they are and what they look like."
"I couldn't agree more, Sweetheart." I replied. "I think it's crucial for him to be able to see everything, including inside your lips. I think we can do that pretty easily by me holding your lips open and using my fingers while he watches."
Reaching over to take my hand again and squeezing it lightly, she continued with her requests, saying, "For his first time, I think I'd like to include you, too...... if he's comfortable with that. I'm thinking we could teach him together, and I'd love to have both my men touching me, feeling me and fucking me."
"Ah," I moaned, "I really like that idea."
"The only thing is," Beth said, stroking my hand as she held it, "and this is very hard for me to ask of you, Sam..... but, that very first time...... the first time he's ready to fuck me, I'd like you to be the one to put his cock in me. Is that something you could do?"
I thought about what that meant. I'd be touching another man's cock..... I'd be touching my own son's cock. I wasn't surprised she asked that, though – I know quite well she has an interest in seeing two guys together, and perhaps that's why she asked to have both Charles and I fuck her at the same time. And, to tell you the truth, it hit me just right and kind of turned me on.
"Of course, Sweetheart." I answered. "As long as he'll let me. And if it goes okay, it might mean he was okay with...... him and me...... you know."
Beth smiled and her eyes started to get glossy. I could tell she was happy, very happy, and as she wiped a lone tear from the corner of her eye, she said, "I think it would be wonderful if the three of us could enjoy each other...... free to touch and feel..... doing everything."
"I know what you're saying." I answered. "I didn't discuss any of that with him, but, he said he was okay seeing me with a hard-on and me seeing him with one. So, that's a start."
"A very good start." Beth answered, smiling sweetly. "Thank you for being open to it."
"And no matter what happens," I asked, "we'll still make time for ourselves – just me and you..... just like always?"
"Uh huh, I promise." Beth answered as another tear of happiness rolled down her cheek.
I leaned over into the tub and kissed her. I softly told her how much I loved her and that I knew we could do this without it getting out of control. Then, before I realized exactly what I was saying, I told her it would probably be best if she took the first step to get Charles and me together. Tears of joy began to run down her face as she smiled and nodded her head.
At that exact moment, it was like the two of us bonded in a special way we've never experienced before. In essence, we'd just agreed to add our son as a full sexual partner in our marriage. Yes, we both had different reasons for doing it, but as she so aptly put it, we both knew this was going to end up with Charles fucking her.
As she stood up in the tub, she asked me to hand her a towel, and as I did, she gave me a look and asked me if there was anything special I wanted to do tonight. "Sexually, I mean." She added. "Tonight I'm completely yours...... whatever you want..... just tell me."
As I stood there, thinking about what she just offered, Beth finished drying off and hung the towel up on the towel bar. I was still thinking what I wanted to do with her when she brushed up next to me and asked me if Charles had gone to bed yet. I told her he was in his room, but, he was still up and the light was on.
Beth grinned at me, grabbed my hand and said, "Come with me."
I followed her out of the bathroom and into our bedroom. She was still totally naked, and the bedroom door wasn't shut all the way, but it didn't seem to bother her. In fact, when she went directly to the wall switch and turned on the big ceiling light, I was surprised. And I was even more surprised when reached over and swung the bedroom door all the way open and pushed it against the door stop.
Turning to smile at me, she walked over to her lingerie drawer, opened it and fished around inside it for a few seconds. Chuckling to herself, she pulled out a pair of pink silk panties and held them up for me to see.
Then, to my complete amazement, she tossed the silk panties to me, laid back on the edge of the bed, pulled her knees up to her chest and reached down to open her pussy lips. Her body was in direct view of our doorway, and it occurred to me that if Charles came out of his bedroom at that moment, he'd be looking directly between his mother's legs...... directly at her wide open pussy.
"Put those inside me." Beth said to me. "When we're done, they'll be sopping wet with my juices and your cum, and I want you to personally make sure Charles gets them."
My cock immediately jumped to attention in my jeans as I looked down between her upturned legs at her pink, wet pussy held open to my view. But, the beautiful view I had didn't stop me from moving forward and bending down to start pushing the silk panties she gave me up into her pussy.
'Panty Stuffing' is something we've been doing for years, and we've learned along the way to use a pair of panties that didn't have any lace or scratchy material. In fact, I ordered several pairs of pure silk panties off the internet specifically for this – and even though they were incredibly expensive, it was remarkably easy to gently push the panties up into her pussy. The incredible feeling I got fucking her with the panties up inside her was unbelievable...... it completely changed the sensations I experienced as I fucked her. But, the real reason I sincerely loved doing it wasn't because of the feeling I got while we made love.
The real reason I loved fucking her with the silk panties up inside her pussy was because when we were done, they were totally soaked with cum and pussy juice, and just about every time we did this, I could get hard again, almost immediately, as soon as she held those panties up to my nose and rubbed them against my lips. The fabric of the silk panties captured the consistency of her thick vaginal juices from deep inside her and perfectly preserved the thick clumps of cum that came from my cock.
We would take turns sucking on the fabric as she stroked my cock back to life. She'd gently hold the folds of the fabric up to my lips and let me suck our juices for a minute or so, then she'd pull the panties out of my mouth and she'd suck on them, herself. This went on for several minutes until I was hard again, and then she'd get on top of me and ride my cock while she held the panties to my face, letting me sniff or lick them as much as I wanted.
However, this time, I wasn't going to have the pleasure of sucking the slimy panties. Apparently, she wanted me to take them to our son and give them to him. And as I began stuffing the panties up into her, I realized her request was not only exceptionally bold, but it would send a message to Charles that was crystal clear.
Beth was dripping wet already; her vagina was glistening under the bright overhead light above us. I glanced up at my wife, as I worked to get the panties up inside her, to see she was staring toward our door, and I turned briefly to see what she was looking at. Seeing nothing, I turned back to finish pushing the panties into her vagina.
"Are you hoping he'll open his door and see us?" I asked.
"Uh huh." She said, quietly. "Actually, I'd be okay with him seeing me now. I'm freshly shaven and something tells me you'd be fine with it."
By then, I was finished pushing the panties into her pussy, and in keeping with what she'd just said, I reached for her arm and pulled her off the bed and into the middle of the room, directly in front of our doorway. There, I pushed on her shoulders, gently guiding her to her knees and told her to spread her legs so our son could see her pussy if he came out of his room.
She did as I asked, watching our son's bedroom door as she adjusted herself so she'd be completely exposed to him if he opened his door. I stripped off all my clothes as quick as I could and stepped in front of her, guiding her mouth to my already hard member.
Beth is an expert at sucking my cock, but sometimes, she likes to have her head forced down on my hardened tool so my cock meat fills her throat and makes her gag a little. I never push too hard, but, if I don't force her enough, she'll literally move my hands to the back of her head and she'll push herself until I start doing what she wants. When she gets like this – I know exactly what she's telling me to do – she wants me to grab her by the hair and repeatedly jam my cock down her throat until she gags and her eyes start to water.
Believe me, I was hesitant to treat her that way at first, but over the years she's proved to me she really wants this, so that's what I started doing – right there in the middle of our bedroom with the door wide open, the lights on and her pussy on complete display if Charles were to open his door and come out of his room.
"If he comes out," I whispered down to her, "You're not moving. Our son is going to see his mother showing off her pussy and sucking cock like a teenage slut."
I saw Beth's eyes glance toward Charles' door as my cock pushed at the back of her throat. Copious amounts of spit and saliva were running out of her mouth, down her chin and dripping from my cock. Time after time her mouth took me in, and each time, she pulled me out just an instant before she would have completely gagged. She jacked my pole as she sucked me, and after only a couple more minutes, I had to stop her because I was getting close to cumming, and I wanted desperately to cum by fucking her pussy and shooting my sperm all over the silk panties pushed up inside her pussy.
Grabbing her hair, I yanked her off my cock and looked down into her eyes. She was on fire, I could tell - and she had that distant look on her face as if to say it was time for me to fuck her, and I mean really fuck her.
Without wiping the spit from her face, I pulled her up and guided her to the end of the bed and pushed her shoulders down to the mattress. "Spread your legs." I said, quietly. When she did, I adjusted her hips so her ass was pointed toward the door and told her to reach behind and pull her ass cheeks apart. The image she presented as she stretched her butt cheeks apart was perhaps the nastiest thing I'd ever seen in my life. Her shaved pussy was wet and shiny, and her lips were slightly parted, revealing the pink interior of her vaginal opening.
The crinkled star of her butt hole was clearly in view, and it was at that exact instant I wished Charles would come out of his room to see his mother in this position, presenting herself to be fucked from behind. I even waited a bit, standing to the side of her so I wouldn't block his view. But, when his door didn't open, I couldn't wait any longer – I had to sink my cock into her pussy.
Instead, though, I got another idea and knelt down on the floor beside her and started touching her with my fingers. Before long, I was fantasizing that Charles was watching and I used my fingers to pull her inner lips apart, exposing the rich crimson color of her pussy hole. This had to be the most exposed she'd ever been – her ass clearly displayed and her smaller, inner pussy lips pulled apart to show off her sweet, wet vagina.
With a free finger, I started directly touching her clit. Normally, this would have sent her through the roof because she's so sensitive there, but tonight, she moaned and let out a sigh of pleasure as I massaged her little pink button. All of a sudden, she got incredibly wet, almost as if she had gushed and her legs started to buckle. She started to moan as I kept up my massage on her clit, and as I snaked my finger into her pussy and pressed lightly on her G-spot, she let out a satisfied groan that filled the room.
"Careful." I said as I rubbed her G-spot. "If you're too loud, Charles will hear you and he'll open his door to see what's going on. And the way you're laying right now, he'd be able to see everything...... and, I do mean everything."
Beth's legs started to tremble again and she had to shift some of her weight to lean more on the bed so she could stay up. Her moaning seemed to subside, but when I looked up, I realized it was because her face was buried in the comforter in an attempt to be as quiet as she could.
At any time, she could have stood up and moved, or simply asked me to close the door, but she didn't. And she obviously had to know she'd be on full display if our son would have come out of his room. So, she was very much aware of her predicament – but she did absolutely nothing to keep herself from being exposed.
My cock was throbbing and after a few more minutes of playing with her clit, I honestly felt I'd given Charles ample opportunity to see his mother intimately. Had he come out, I would have let him look – maybe even beckoned him closer...... I might have even let him touch her or let him stroke himself. But, it was too late now. Now, all I wanted was to feel the velvety wetness of her pussy around my cock.
Quickly, I stood up and quietly closed the door and lifted my wife from her leaning position. Then climbing up on the bed, I pulled her on top of me and let her find my cock with one hand while she guided it to her pussy and slid down on me. "I want you to make me cum like this..... on top of me." I said to her. "I don't care what you have to do, just make me cum inside you."
A naughty smile crept over my wife's face as I felt her clamp down on my cock. "Did you enjoy that?" She hissed. "Did you enjoy putting me in those positions and exposing me like that? You were hoping our son would come out of his room, weren't you?"
"Yes, I was." I answered. "And if he would have opened his door, I probably would have invited him in to see you like that....... and you would have let me."
"I could have let him watch you suck my cock like you were doing...... I'm sure he would have loved seeing you take my cock to the back of your throat." I added.
"And when I was holding your pussy lips apart, it opened you up better than when you go to the gynecologist, Sweetheart." I continued. "I could see perfectly all the way up into your pussy. That's how I'm going to display you to our son when the time comes. "
Beth was squeezing my cock harder than she's ever squeezed me before. Her eyes were scrunched up and she was pounding her pelvis down on me so hard, I felt my body being pushed down into the mattress and springing back up to meet her.
"Tomorrow," I whispered up to her, "I want you to wear your sheerest bra and panty set.... the white set with the mesh. The ones where your nipples and your pussy lips show. Promise me you'll do that."
"Uh huh." Beth panted from on top of me.
"And promise me you'll let him see between your legs." I added. "And I mean let him really see you, Beth. I want him to know you're displaying yourself to him. Will you do that?"
"Oh yeah." My wife moaned as she raised her shoulders and sat on top of me.
Her eyes were still shut tight as she wiggled herself down on my cock. I saw an opportunity to reach down and press my thumb against her clit and I took it, which sent her over the edge, causing her to thrash uncontrollably on top of me as her orgasm racked her petite body.
She went rigid for a few seconds and then fell across my chest, panting and out of breath, and I knew she was in that stage of her climax where all she could do was try to catch her breath. Lovingly, I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her neck and shoulders while she lay on top of me, motionless, almost gasping for air.
After a few minutes, she lifted her head and looked at me. "That was a strong one." She moaned, pushing the hair out of her eyes and starting to lift herself off my cock. "I still need to make you cum, though."
Without another word between us, she turned herself around and backed her pussy up to my face and softly rubbed her wet lips across my nose. At the same time, she lifted my cock with both her hands and started jacking me while she sucked the head of my cock between her lips and swirled her tongue around it. She knows quite well, I can't last long like this – it's a method she's perfected to a science.
She stopped just long enough to say, "Tell me when you get close so I can put you back inside me. I'm going to squeeze every drop of cum out of your balls."
And just like it always happens, between the sensations created my her hands as they jacked my cock and the way she sucked just around my cock head, I could feel the churning start deep inside me and I knew I was getting close to erupting.
"Alright." I moaned. "I'm getting pretty close."
Quick as a flash, my wife pulled her pussy away from my face, turned around and reached down to guide my cock back inside the warmth of her pussy. Almost immediately, she began squeezing down on me again with her pussy muscles and moving in short strokes up and down my cock. By this time, I already knew I was a goner – there was no way I could stop the explosion of cum that was going to erupt from my cock. All I could do is wait for it to come and enjoy it.
Beth was smiling down at me as she shallow fucked me. "I'll wear that sheer bra and panty set tomorrow, Sam." She said to me. "And I'll let him see between my legs."
"But, if you want me to do more than that," She said, "you're going to have to be there right next to me. I'll do whatever you want me to do tomorrow, I'll even let him fuck me, but, you're going to have to be there, too."
Hearing her say she'd let our son fuck her tomorrow was more than I needed to start emptying my balls into her pussy. And when I started to moan out loud, she sat down on me all the way and wiggled down as far as she could, continuing to squeeze my cock rhythmically as she wiggled.
"Come on baby," Beth moaned, "come in me so you can give my wet, messy panties to our son. I want him to have them while they're warm and wet. I don't care if he's already asleep...... I want you to give them to him tonight...... as soon as we're done..... even if you have to wake him up."
I wasn't sure if she understood what she was saying – maybe it was just talk, but if she was serious, it meant she'd resolved herself to start things off right away. Giving her warm messy panties to our son tonight..... me walking into his room and handing him the panties that had been inside her pussy..... soaked with her pussy juice and my own sperm. It would definitely be a blatantly clear message Charles could only interpret as being an invitation from his mother to share her pussy.
The force of my ejaculation into her pussy was strong, and she smiled as she felt my cock spasm inside of her. "Come on, baby." She urged. "That's it, give me all of it."
When I was finished, she broke into a huge grin and reached around to gather up her hair off her shoulders so she could cool down. She was still on top of me, lightly bouncing as I regained my breath and finally looked up at her and smiled back.
A second later, she pulled herself free of my cock and lay down next to me, rolling onto her side as she faced me and patted my chest. "That was nice." She said, quietly. "I could feel you cumming inside me. It felt like a big one, too."
After we kissed for a few minutes, she pinched one of my nipples lightly and rolled over onto her back and lifted her legs. Then, reaching down to her pussy, she used both hands to spread herself open and said, "Okay, you're up. Take 'em out."
I propped myself up my elbow and looked at Beth. She was grinning at me as she laid there. "You're serious?" I asked. "You want me to give those panties to Charles? Right now?"
"Yes." Beth answered as she giggled. "Unless I'm wrong, he seems to be quite attracted to the panties I put in the hamper that have your sperm on them. If I'm right, this will be a thoughtful present for him and he'll be very appreciative. You can even tell him they were just inside me, and, that I wanted him to have them while they were fresh."
"Besides," Beth added, "it might help break the ice a little between you and him, especially if he knows your cum is on them."
I was instantly hard again, and when I looked down at my cock, she nudged me and told me to hurry up so I could get back in bed.
Just as if I was in a daze, I sat up and crawled between her legs and reached my hands out to her freshly fucked pussy. Her lips were covered with the combination of our secretions, and as she held herself open, she spread her legs some more to make it easy for me to reach inside her.
Carefully, I dipped two fingers into her pussy as she spread herself open as much as she could. Feeling around inside of her, I easily found the silky fabric of the pink panties and gently pulled them out of her, thoroughly enjoying the sight of them slipping through the mouth of her pussy and finally popping free. As they dangled between my fingers, Beth immediately pointed to the door and nodded her head.
"Leave our door open." She said. "If he looks in here and sees me, let him look."
I looked down at my erect cock as I held the sopping wet panties between my fingers and looked up to her. "I'm hard again." I gasped. "Can't this wait a few minutes until it goes down?"
"Go." Beth said, chuckling at my predicament and pointing again at the door. "He's already seen you with an erection, remember?"
I don't remember getting up off the bed, walking to the door and opening it up. I don't even remember walking across the hall and lightly tapping on my son's door. But, I clearly remember how embarrassed I was and the pounding of my pulse in my temples as I heard him say, "Come in."
Swallowing hard, I looked over my shoulder and could plainly see Beth lying there from the chest down. Her legs were still pulled up and I could easily see the pink of her vagina as she held it open. Bravely, I twisted the door knob of my son's door and pushed it open.
At first, I breathed a sigh of relief to see he was lying on his bed wearing a t-shirt and shorts, typing away on his laptop. But when he looked up at me and his eyes went straight to my hardened cock, I almost lost my nerve.
Holding the silk panties up in front of me, I took the five or six steps across the room and stood at the side of his bed. I tried to speak, but, my mouth was so dry. I couldn't utter a single word. Clearing my throat, I tried to speak again.
"Son," I began, "your mom and I just made love with these panties stuffed inside her vagina. She wanted me to give them to you. They're a little messy with both of our.... uh.... juices, but she wanted you to have them while they were fresh. They're kind of a present from her."
Charles' face went totally blank as he looked up at the messy panties I was holding in my hand. "I just pulled these out of her...... not more than sixty seconds ago. Do you want them, or not?"
"Well, yeah!" Charles exclaimed. "She wanted me to have them?"
I nodded my head and extended my hand holding the panties towards him. Without any hesitation at all, he reached out and took them from me, his fingers sinking into a large glob of sperm that clung to the pure silk panties.
Not knowing what more I was supposed to say or do, I turned to leave, pulling the door closed behind me as I stepped out into the hall. But, after I closed the door and took a step toward the master bedroom, I thought of one more thing I wanted to tell him. So, hesitating only a few more seconds, I opened his door back up and poked my head inside his room.
He was standing by the side of his bed and his shorts were pushed down to his thighs. He was just starting to work his cock with one hand as he held the silk panties to his face with the other hand. I'm almost sure I saw his tongue touching the panties as I opened the door, and when he turned to look at me, I asked him to remember to thank his mother for the gift, and pulled the door shut again.
Quickly I tiptoed across the hall and closed our door after I entered the bedroom. Sitting down on the bed across from my wife, I looked up at her. "Well?" She asked. "What happened?"
"I think he definitely appreciated it." I said.
To be continued.