It was a leisurely mid morning Monday but never too soon to get the primping started for Ed and Mara's playdate. Periodically Ed took the day off and we had time to ourselves, doing nothing in particular.
The day always began with a good morning fuck to get our motors running and the rest of the day was whatever came to mind.
It used to be nothing more elaborate than shopping and maybe a movie but with the evolution of our sexuality and the pleasure and power of hotwifing, the playdate took on a much different dimension.
As a hotwife or 'vixen', if you wish, I had unleashed, with the constant encouragement and approval of my husband, the full intensity of my sexuality. Ed had dreamt of this for years and now he got it.
Once I tasted the ultimate pleasure of sex with any number of strange men I now craved its energy like a drug. Add that to my endless desire for attention and, well, you get the drift.
Out of the shower I sat on the throne and shaved my legs and then called for Ed to do his favorite, the ceremonial shaving of the pussy. The goofball really got into it, acting like a surgeon, making sure his razor missed nothing. His meticulous work was as good or better than any bikini wax I'd ever had. Plus he always got a boner doing it.
He liked to jokingly say, "The hotwife pussy must always look its best since it could be called into action at any moment."
"Okay, crazy. Thank you," I'd say sarcastically but I actually liked it when he shaved me.
I never got tired of dressing sexy, plenty of cleavage and leg. Ed and I loved the lusty looks wherever we went and I became a skilled tease.
"Could we go to a jewelry store today?" I asked.
"What? Is there a loose stone in my queen's tiara?"
"No, but you're close. I was thinking it would be reeeeeally sexy to have a hotwife anklet. Anklets are sexy to begin with but one that advertises my availability would be even better. You could help pick it out!"
"For you, Mara, anything. Sounds fun. And maybe I could get one for myself that says, 'I'm with her'.
"Okay, smartass."
"I'm being silly but I think it sounds hot, hot, hot. I don't think we can go to a traditional jewelry store though. Like maybe one of those adult stores with other stuff like that."
We did a web search and found something close to one of the malls and off we went to 'The Other Girl'.
The store wasn't one of those seedy places with two parked cars and a peep show but an upscale adult emporium I guess you could call it. Lots of lingerie, toys and stuff for sexually active couples. Ed got lost in the sexy outfits but I went straight for the jewelry. I wore a short skirt (when didn't I?) so my legs would make a good model for the anklet.
There appeared to be two sales people, a pretty blonde and a middle aged man with the salt and pepper hair I've always been nuts about who approached me while I looked over the glass case. "Can I help you find something?"
"Yes," I said looking up and realizing he was a nice looking guy. Then again, what did I expect? A customer was more likely to buy something in this store if their libido was nudged in that direction.
"Well I was looking for an anklet."
"Simple chain or was there a message you wanted to convey?"
"Yes," I replied confidently, "I'm a hotwife and I guess I want something that clearly signals my availability."
Over in the corner of the store the blonde was talking to Ed.
"Oh, okay, well let me bring out a bunch of things that are more specific to that." Before he left I caught his eyes checking me out.
He returned with a pallet of choices. "If you'd like to sit over here I can help you try them on." I followed him to a chair next to the dressing rooms. "That is if you're comfortable with me touching you. I can get Dina if you prefer."
"Handsome guy like you helping me try on anklets, I don't have to think twice about that," a smile and a wink got my point across. I sat sideways, crossed my legs and he knelt in front of me.
He remained professional. Holding my leg by the calf he carefully removed my shoe and placed my foot on his bent thigh. "You may want to go with a simple chain and 'hotwife' written on it or you can be more personal than that and have your name engraved. Try this one," he wrapped it round and hooked the clasp. "And then if you wish you can add whatever charms you want that make your look more specific to your preferences."
"I don't have any specific preferences," I said, "I'm open to almost anything."
That mere statement gave him the look of having won the lottery.
He had fifteen versions of the basic hotwife anklet and I had him try every one on me. It was one of those subtle erotic moments we both enjoyed and after he'd shown me everything he and I were left wanting him to touch me more.
"There are a couple I'd like to see again." I said, inching my foot up his thigh.
"Of course."
He made no acknowledgement of my slow ascent but the bulge in his pleated khakis gave him away. After three or four more anklet showings my toes touched his hard-on and our eyes met. He said nothing as I moved the ball of my foot up and down his shaft. He closed his eyes and stroked my leg, reaching mindlessly up my skirt.
And then the phone rang. "Can you get that, Ben?"
"Huh? What?"
"The phone!" said the mildly annoyed saleswoman still talking to Ed who, it dawned on me, had been running interference by tying her up in conversation. If I know Ed, he was asking her expertise in dressing me like a naughty Barbie, one of his inanimate crushes.
"...yes, until seven. You're welcome." He hung up the phone and turned back to me. I had already made my choice and was looking at it in the mirror. It was basic but to the point, a silver chain with 'Hotwife' written in script. It looked very sexy on me and if you knew what a hotwife was then you could pick me out easily.
"What do you think, Ben? It's Ben right?" I asked, as he stood close behind me.
"Yes. I think you look stunning."
Getting frisky, I asked, "Did you mean me or the anklet?"
"Both."
"Ben," I said trying to cause more trouble, "are we flirting?"
Now he was getting more confident, "Yes, I think we are," and he put his hand on my hip, now standing closer behind me pretending to be evaluating the anklet. I could feel his stiff cock against my rear.
Then I whispered, "Your cock wants my attention."
"Is that a bad thing?" He pressed harder.
"No, definitely not but we are in the middle of a store."
I could hear Ed and the blonde laughing and bits and pieces of conversation but being preoccupied I missed most of it. She yelled over to Ben, "I'm going to take an early lunch. Hold down the fort." She and Ed left out the front door.
"Hmmm, that's interesting," I said.
"What's interesting?"
"That man your sales woman left for lunch with is my husband."
"If I know her she'll be gone for at least an hour," he informed me then walked over, locked the front door and hung one of those 'Back by' signs with the moveable clock hands. "Apparently your husband found something he likes and, in turn, I've found something I like."
"But what about the owner. You can just close the store anytime you want?"
"No, but since I am the owner I don't think we have a problem. Other than the fact that I don't even know your name."
"Mara."
He walked towards me, "Beautiful name for a beautiful girl."
"Thank you."
"I have something I want to give you." He picked up a chain off the counter and guided me to the dressing room mirror. Standing once again behind me he reached around and attached a necklace that in the same script as the anklet said 'Hotwife'.
"There," he said, "now you have both."
"It's beautiful, how much do I owe you?"
Still looking at me in the mirror he said, "I don't want your money I want you," and he slid his hands up from my hips to my breasts. Again I felt his hard cock pressing against my rear.
"I like that," I moaned. "How about you fuck me in the mirror so we both can watch."
I turned toward him and we undressed one another in such a way that my hair trigger pussy almost went off before he entered me. We kissed and I turned back towards the mirror and leaned on the chair..
"Fuck me, Ben."
"Always available to help out a hotwife."
Loved the mirror. It was a chance to be my own voyeur. My head bobbed up and down with his repeated entry. We were locked into our orgasmic image.
"You're exquisite, Mara, a perfectly created woman."
It took little time for my clit to go off and, "I'm cumming, Ben. Oh god, I've never seen myself cum with a man. Ahhhhhh, shit...fuck me harder, Ben, uhnnn...fuck!!!!! Oh my god that's good."
He pointed. "Look to your left at the big side window."
With their faces and hands pressed against the glass were passersby or potential customers, two men and a woman. Now we had become a performance. Ben seemed completely comfortable with the show.
"Mount me on the chair."
Ben slipped around to sit on the chair and I mounted him and guided his cock in me. I looked over and there was another couple added to the voyeurs. I heard one guy say, "Oh, man, I gotta start coming here more often." Our audience laughed.
While I moved up and down on him, Ben caressed my tits and gently tweaked my hard nipples. I was so excited with looking at the mirror and the people at the window. The small group expanded every time I looked.
Meanwhile another orgasm was creeping up on me as I bounced and manipulated my clit.
"Turn around so I can see your fucking ass."
I went reverse cowgirl and bounced on him a little faster.
"Oh my, your fucking ass...," he said.
My orgasm exploded like fireworks and he asked me where I wanted his ejaculate and I answered, slightly out of breath, in my mouth, "I wanna swallow your cum."
"Sit in the chair." He stood in front of me, madly jerking his tool and grunting like an animal as the sperm came in spurts on my tongue and I managed to swallow all of it. For the first time I noticed that one young woman outside the window had her hand down her pants. She nodded when our eyes met.
We got our clothes on, looking halfway together, and then Ben reopened the store. According to Ben, where there had been relatively few customers since opening, now the place was buzzing with interest.
"Wow, I'm gonna have to start doing that every morning. Maybe, if I gave Dina a raise..."
"You were hot. Thank you." said a voice behind me.
It was the hand in the pants girl. "You're welcome?" was all I could think to say.
"Could I ask you a question?" asked the guy holding her hand.
"Sure." I was feeling like a porn star at a convention when he asked....
"My girlfriend wants to have sex in public but it's a little too freaky for me. Any tips you can give me?"
Being asked that question was a little too freaky for even me. I came in to buy an anklet, ended up fucking the owner, in front of a group of voyeurs no less, then ended up with a Q&A. I had a life that in no way resembled normal. Tips? Everything I was doing was based on instinct and the constant desire to be fucked, so all I said was, "Whatever she wants, give it to her."
Ed came back from 'lunch' and marveled at the number of customers in the store since he'd left. "You're good luck."
"No," I corrected him, "I'm a good fuck."
"That you are, my dear, that you are. Love your new hardware." Then we compared lunch notes.
"So how was she?"
"Very nice actually. Turns out lunch was on her," he said, amusing himself.
"Where did you take her?"
"Her apartment was close to the store so we went there. We barely made it out of the car. You know what a thing I have for blondes."
"When you sat down to lunch, was she shaved or natural?"
"Shaved runway but she needn't have bothered, I'd have found my way."
"I'm sure you would have."
"So, my lovely passion flower, would you like to go home or continue our playdate?"
"After hearing a little about your blonde adventure I'm getting recharged. Let's hit the mall and see what pops up."
When we got inside we were both hungry in the gastronomical sense so we settled on a bar in the Mexican restaurant. It felt like my white off the shoulder top fit the decor nicely. The bar was on a slight riser and I sat on the end stool facing out to the floor so my long legs could entertain the diners. I also crossed my legs so I could feature the anklet.
Ed sat one stool away as he usually did to make it appear I was alone but now the anklet and necklace sort of explained the arrangement if you knew what a hotwife was. Nevertheless, we kept the seating setup.
I noticed a table of three, two women and one man, the guy aiming my direction and repeatedly scoping me out to the point where one of the women turned around to see what he was looking at.
He couldn't look away.
After ten minutes more the girls left and he picked up the check and came up to the end of the bar where the cashier was and paid the bill.
Looking at me he said, "And I'm paying for this young lady's lunch also."
I thanked him and stopping in front of me he said, "I love your necklace." He put his business card on the bar and walked off.
I turned to Ed, "Well that jewelry sure worked."
"I think it's more like you worked but the necklace didn't hurt. What's the card say?"
"Says he's a salesman in the mall. That mattress place by the anchor store."
"How appropriate. Shall we or not?"
"Well he did buy me lunch."
"You know, at this rate you may never have to pay for anything again."
"Or until I loose my mojo."
We trekked down to the store. Testing his knowledge of hotwives I took Ed's arm as we entered.
"Hi Scott," I said, "Thank you so much for lunch."
"You're welcome. Thank you for making my day so much better by standing there. I didn't get your name."
"Mara."
"And I assume this is your husband."
Ed introduced himself and they shook hands, "I'm pretty sure you know why my wife and I are standing here with you."
"If I'm not mistaken the anklet tells me what I need to know unless she's wearing it mistakenly."
"No," said my negotiator/husband who suddenly took over the conversation, "You read it right. Where do you purpose taking her?"
"My partner is on her lunch break now but I can step out for forty five minutes or so when she gets back. I've got keys to one of the administrative offices where my buddy works but he's not working today so we could go there. We have what you might call an understanding when it comes to women in the mall."
Ed checked in with me, "Mara?"
"Yes, I want it," I said.
"We'll be back," said Ed as we left the store.
"I hope so. I'll make it worth your while, Mara."
When we got outside the storefront Ed asked me again if I wanted to fuck this guy and I said, "Absolutely, he's cute and you'll get a nice show out of it."
"Okay, what say we go back to the bar, have a margarita and then give mattress dude some pussy?"
We went back to the Mexican restaurant, downed the drink at a record pace, turned right around and excitedly headed back. Scott was eagerly waiting for us in front of the store and asked us to follow. We went down a corridor past mall security and he unlocked the second door and we went in. Scott locked the door behind us. Ed quickly spotted a chair to enjoy his wife putting out for a complete stranger.
"Strip, Mara," Scott said forcefully, "I only have a little time and I want to rock that pussy."
Without bothering to take off his shirt and tie, Scott got out of his pants and underwear by the time I was totally naked. Ed cleared the desktop and sat back down. With one hand on the side of my face and one on my back, Scott drew me to him and kissed me in a way that got me wet and glad I'd said 'yes'. His hands were everywhere on my body, his hard rod needing little coaxing to do the job. He pressed me against the desk and kissed me again just before laying me on my back and parting my legs.
"So, Ed," he said, "you get off watching guys fuck your wife?" While he talked he teased my pussy running his hands up my inner thighs.
"Yes, now give her what she wants."
"Don't mind if I do," he said building anticipation long enough. He finally put the tip of his cock to my slit and stopped.
"Want the rest, Mara?"
My cunt was sopping wet and his tease just got me hotter. "Fuck me, you sonofabitch!"
He rammed a good eight inches up my snatch while his hands grabbed my tits. For a good fifteen minutes he was really laying into it and I quickly got close to peaking as usual. He got my legs over his shoulders and pulled me closer to the edge of the desk. "She's a beauty, Ed. I'd give anything to have a slut like this everyday."
Ed had his pants down and working it. "Take it baby, take his cock," and as soon as Ed said that I came, "Uhuuuuu, uhhhhhhhhh, fuuuucccckkkk."
"My girl likes it," Scott said. I could feel him tensing up, getting close. "I'm cumming, slut. I'm cumming..."
At the same moment the door knob rattled and another man came in. "Well, Scotty, who have we here?" Scott ignored him but to say, "Wait your turn, Tommy."
Tommy walked to the other side of the desk where my head was, unbuckled his pants and pulled out his cock. "Suck it, girlfriend." I took him in my mouth and did as he asked. "Wow, Scotty, you've got good taste."
I felt Scott's cock expand as he said, "Ohhhhh fuuuccckkk, I'm cumming, slut! Fuuucccckkkk." He dropped his entire load in my cunt. By the time Tommy could get around the desk I was oozing fresh cum. He penetrated me immediately. "Oh shit, she's still tight."
Scott got his pants back on and made himself more or less presentable. "Hey you guys, I gotta get back to work. When Tommy's finished he'll show you out. Thanks for the fuck, stop by again," and he left.
It felt like he'd sold us a mattress.
Meanwhile, Tommy was pounding away at my hole. I might have tossed him aside but I liked the way he did me.
He pulled out and told me to stand up and turn around, "I need to walk the dog." He took off his tie and put it around my neck, pulling and pushing with a really hard bang that I seriously enjoyed. Ed was loving what Tommy was doing and was stroking himself to nirvana. Cum was on the desk and still dripping on the floor from Scott's deposit. Soon there would be more.
In mid fuck, "What's your name, darlin'?"
A shaky, "Mara," came out of me as he yanked the tie. "I'm cuuummmiinngg, motherfucker," I started to scream as the pummeling continued. Only his hand over my mouth probably kept the mall cops from busting down the door. "Uhnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn..." came the muffled cry of my orgasm.
For Ed it was a Mara double fucking feature.
The desk shifted about half a foot as his thrusts pushed my thighs into it.
"Nice to meet you, no, nice to fuck you and that tight twat." he said, "Uhnnnnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn."
The onslaught was relentless until he bent over to my ear, "I'm cumming, slut." He whipped off the tie and shoved one side of my face down on the desk and held it there. After a few more shots at my already full cunt, with a deep growl he dropped his considerable load in me.
When he pulled out, cum came backing out onto the floor. He had me sit on the edge of the desk and, holding his cock out to me, ordered me to "Clean it up."
With a satisfied smile I gladly licked him in exchange for a great fuck. He handed me a business card and said, not asked, but said, "I want to see you again Wednesday afternoon at one."
Addressing Ed, "You must be the husband."
"Ed."
Shaking hands, "Well Ed, make sure she keeps that appointment. I'm sure you don't want to miss me fucking your wife."
"As for you," addressing me, "I guess I have to send Scotty a thank you note. Girl, I can't wait to have you again." He drew me close to him and we kissed with plenty of tongue action. He grabbed my ass for reinforcement.
Walking down the hallway and past mall security we heard the hushed comments of the officers, reinforcing my thought that Tommy and Scott had a history of doing women in Tommy's office and all of them had to make the walk of shame past security.
Not me.
I got what I wanted and would happily do it again. As we turned the corner with those horn dogs watching intently I flashed them, lifting up the back of my skirt.
"You mad tease, you," said Ed. "They'll probably detain you to get in your pants."
***
That comment by Ed turned out to be prophetic. Hooked on Tommy's rough office sex I went back alone on Wednesday because Ed had to work. Security gave me what was probably the usual salivating stares and low level comments they'd given other girls, but this 'appointment' with Tommy got the best of of their restraint and they stopped me.
"Excuse me, Miss, we need you to come in our office for some questions."
Of course they knew I was fucking Tommy so I was surprised they risked their jobs to try and get closer to the action.
Standing in front of the plexiglass I defiantly said, "Why?"
"Just some basic security questions. It won't take long."
I played along. Tommy would have their ass in a sling anyway and it might be fun.
I had on a spandex tube top and an easy access lace mini skirt with a liner but no panties so I sat down delicately. I came to get fucked not apply for a job.
There were three of them and they all looked like they were sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner. "We've been noticing some suspicious activity and you look a little like the description of the woman we're looking for. Would you mind standing up?"
"Sure, officer."
"With your permission we'd like to do a quick pat down and then you can go."
"Sounds like fun," I said cheerfully.
They had me sign a release so they could legally grope me and then they did it as a group. They didn't do anything to mask their intent. The tall one played with my tits, the chubby one was obsessed with my butt, moaning softly as he realized I had no panties. The apparent supervisor stood face to face with me, pulled down my tube top and said, "Let us fuck you and this will all be forgotten." He pushed two fingers inside of me to make his point.
"Well, as much as it pains me to turn down a good gangbang I don't like being trapped. Now under different circumstances," here I put my hand on his package, "I would gladly have entertained you and the boys. However, you thought you could power play me and now I'm fifteen minutes late for my meeting with your boss so I think I'll just scream. Tommy or maybe the real cops will come running and you'll all be unemployed."
"Step away from her, boys"
"Even sluts have standards," and I walked out to see Tommy.
***
An hour later I left Tommy's office and walked past the security plexiglass. As I stopped to torture them a little by adjusting my thigh high I heard a meek "Sorry."
It was the now contrite supervisor. I turned around and walked back. "I get it," he said, "it was just driving us mad when you passed on the way to Tommy. You're just so...just so...you know...you walked by...anyway, sorry..."
I broke in as he kept stumbling around, "Open the door to your office."
"What?"
"Open the door and get your guys in the office."
He looked stunned and just yelled, "Everybody in the office! Now!"
He even radioed the guys who drove around the mall parking lot with the emergency lights on the top of the car. There were five guys in the room.
No one claimed to know what bukkake was but all of them understood, "Drop your pants and show me your cocks."
I pulled the spandex tube top off over my head to reveal my tits. They closed in around me touching and jerking. The supervisor handed me a chair foam pad and I knelt before their dicks, stroking, sucking and licking the anxious men.
Between mouthfuls I dirty talked them with whatever came to mind that would make them harder and happier. "Mmmmm, I love to suck cop cock." "You're fucking tasty, baby."
"Oh man," said the chubby one, "I can't believe this." That pretty much summed up the excitement and moaning in the room.
A couple of them got aggressive, pushing my head down on their dicks but for the most part I commanded the stage. When I asked who wanted me to lick their balls, they pressed in even closer.
"Who wants to cover me with their sticky cum?"
Obviously, it was unanimous and they began dropping their loads on my face, shoulders and tits. To make them crazier I swirled my tongue around my lips and ate what I could off my finger.
When I'd taken the last drop I got to my feet and asked someone to get me a towel. The supervisor ran to get something and when he got back I tantalized him by requesting he personally wipe the cum off my tits. "Lick it off if you need to." He didn't turn down my offer.
"Oh fuck, you're amazing."
As we walked the corridor to the front plexiglass he thanked me profusely.
"Will you be coming to see Tommy again?" he asked hopefully.
***
Coming in the front door I was surprised to see Ed home early. "From the looks of you," he said smiling, "I'd say you visited your mall friend. And?"
"And another satisfying visit with Tommy, but that wasn't the story. You were right, security gave it a shot."
Ed was clearly amused, "Oh really."
I went on to tell him the whole story, the attempted detainment and how I called the supervisor's bluff.
"Well played, sir!"
"I went off to fuck Tommy and on my way back I took pity on their poor, helpless guy hormones and blew the whole staff."
"Oh no, you didn't!"
"Yup."
"Bukkake?!"
"Yup...I know, I know, but they apologized so sincerely..."
"Plus, you like to suck cock," he added.
"Ya, there is that, but that's not the end of the story. As I was leaving with the security supervisor he told me that Tommy said the day before, "My dumb whore is coming to fuck me tomorrow, I'd look the other way if you guys get a piece of the action on the way to my office. Just be quiet about it."
"Uh oh."
"Uh oh was right. On the drive home I called him and said, 'Just thought I'd let you know I won't be dropping by anymore. Apparently I'm a dumb whore and I'd probably get lost trying to find the mall. Too bad because I'm the best pussy you're ever going to have'."
"What then?!?!"
"I hung up. He called back ten times begging and pleading and each time I told him to fuck off and hung up. Anyhow, blowing five guys is really tiring so I'm going to clean up and take a nap."
"Well don't sleep too long because this is the night Charlie's coming to visit my wife."
"Oh god, I forgot!"
***
The shower was a relief, the sleep was a release and by five thirty a repast got my head right back in the game. Putting on my makeup in the bathroom I started to fantasize about Charlie and his drive to fuck me the first time Ed introduced us. Ed told me that once given the go ahead Charlie couldn't stop thinking about me and the earlier disappointment.
I heard Ed's phone ring through the door and hoped it wasn't another postponement. My body was too turned on for that. Hearing just an occasional word I waited anxiously.
Ed stuck his head in the door, "The latest word from Charlie is he and Steve are using each other as their guy's night out alibi so they're coming together." I just said okay and he closed the door but I was ecstatic. More and more I was enjoying multiple partners and liked the feeling of being used, their hands roaming my body, gratifying themselves.
Getting down to business I wore a skimpy sparkly matching two piece halter top and super low waisted mini skirt, my trusty black thigh highs and stilettos. I was dressed for only one possible occasion and that's what we were meeting for. It was Ed's idea to wait until they were comfortable before bringing me out from the bedroom.
The doorbell rang promptly at seven. I listened through the door as Ed welcomed them.
"Make yourself comfortable, Mara will be right out. Can I get drinks?"
"I don't know. Steve and I already hit the bar before coming here. Liquid courage I guess."
"Just relax guys," said Ed reassuringly, "We're all going to have fun with this. Mara is very excited."
I think it was Steve who said, "It's just that we've never done something like this before, you know, with a buddy's wife. It feels weird."
"So, drinks?" asked Ed.
"Martini," said Charlie. "Make that two," said Steve.
Once they had their drinks Ed said, "Honey, come on out, our guests are here."
All heads turned as I slinked out like a stripper, leaned on the back of the sofa where each of them had landed and said, "Hi, boys."
"Oh wow, Mara," said Charlie, "you look amazing." Steve couldn't talk, his mouth hung open. He took a hefty hit off his martini.
"Thank you, Charles, happy you came to see me?"
I came around to the front of the sofa and stood before them, legs apart, hands on hips. Ed had created the perfect mood lighting. The shadows played with my curves, the low light bounced softly off my sparkles.
Surprisingly, a mute Steve reached out and ran his fingers up my thigh. He finally spoke to Ed, "Are you sure about this?"
"Am I sure I want you guys to fuck my beautiful, sexy wife? It's one of the few things in my life I'm sure of. I'm really looking forward to your cock sliding into Mara's hot box.
"Oh shit," said Charlie.
I sat down between them and draped each leg over theirs. Now I sit wide open, the mini skirt barely covering anything and my G-string acting like a welcome mat.
"If you need it," said Ed, the happy homemaker, "there's KY on the end table."
"Oh shit," Charlie said once again.
They both undid their pants and offered me their cocks and I went about alternately sucking and stroking them. Ed was right about Charlie's equipment being substantial and Steve's wasn't far behind. They moaned as I did a purposefully sloppy job of getting them in the mood.
Charlie took a moment away from his wood massage to kiss me. While Charlie gave me a little personal attention Steve stripped down. Charlie returned the favor and Steve kissed me.
Off went the halter top. Off went the mini skirt. Off went the G-string. I went to my knees and blew Steve, propping up my ass for Charlie to stick me.
Ed to Charlie: "Does that look good to you?"
Charlie penetrated me, "Looks good, feels great. Ed, your wife is the best fuck."
I popped Steve's ball out of my mouth and asked Ed, "Do you like how your girl looks?"
"You make me crazy, baby doll," he responded with his pants to his knees and his cock in his hand.
"I think my Stevie needs some pussy," I said, switching ends for my visitors. With Charlie in my mouth and Steve pumping me, "I'm cumming...fuck me, baby, fuuccckkkkk me...."
As soon as Charlie reached out and squeezed my tits i came. "Do it again, girl," said Steve.
I forgot to silence my phone, sitting on the end table. For some nutty reason Ed answered it. "Ya, bring it over," he said enthusiastically and he gave the caller our address. WTF? So he invited someone over to watch me fuck two guys?
My suitors lined me up on my knees against the sofa back and tag team fucked me.
Fifteen minutes or so there was a knock on the door. It felt surreal that Ed would actually open the door. I looked back over my shoulder and it was, oh fuck me, it was Max. He was carrying something wrapped in paper which he leaned against a table.
Ed welcomed Max like he was family. "Join in the fun, Max. There's always room for one more in Mara's pussy."
Max hastily pulled his pants off and came around to face me over the sofa back. "Hey, baby," he said, kissing me and holding his dick out to me for servicing. I took Max down my throat while Steve was wailing on my cunt. As their hands covered my body, my senses were overwhelmed and..."I'm cummmming, I'm cuuummmmiigggg. Uuummmmmmmffff." My entire body spasmed.
The painting! He brought the painting.
My mind and my body were one reactive jumble. I imagined that I would become a permanent receptacle for every cock who wanted to get off. Maybe I already was.
Charlie had been pushing his thumb in my ass when he fucked me but now my hole felt the cold touch of the KY. He gently inserted his pole, "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, easy." I got accustomed to the feeling quickly and Charlie picked up the intensity. Soon he buried it completely.
Without notice he put his hands underneath my thighs, lifted me up off the sofa, turned us around and sat back down with me on top of him and his cock still planted. He deftly set me up for a double penetration.
Max made sure he was next up and pushed his cock in my exposed pussy and together he and Charlie worked their members like a machine. Steve stood next to my face where I could suck him and now all my holes were full.
I could feel my orgasmic juices seeping out of my cunt and running everywhere.
I let out a scream of excitement and release and came again as Max twisted both my nipples. "I'm cumming in you, baby," he said, shooting his load. He pulled out and Steve immediately filled the dripping void.
They say timing is everything as Steve, Charlie and I all climaxed simultaneously. Like a gloriously choreographed sexual ballet we fell apart onto the sofa.
As we laid there in exhausted disarray, Max picked up the painting, ripped away the paper and there I was, artistically naked and freshly fucked. My legs crossed, my hair disheveled, the cum hanging from my lip, my appetite so extreme it appeared insatiable.
And so it was.