For those new to this story or looking for a refresher, its protagonist is Bryan, senior editor of his high school yearbook. He programs a white noise machine to sharpen the enthusiasm of Bianca Richards, the disinterested albeit dazzling brunette appointed the yearbook's faculty advisor for the project and its editor. Meanwhile, at home Bryan's new stepmother Bree and stepsister Andrea, both striking red-heads, treat him with the disrespect they reserve for all people they label nerd. So, after his success with Bianca, Bryan gets Bree her own white noise machine. Could Andrea use one too?
Chapter 2 introduced Serena Pendergraft, state tennis champion and Andrea's rival for Queen Bitch of the high school. When a faculty member assigns them to work together on a project, Bryan, kindly volunteers to help. Meanwhile Bree, waking up horny in the middle of the night, heads for Bryan's room. Much fun is had and, spent and exhausted, the two of them slip into a deep sleep in his bed.
Which is where Chapter 3 picks up.
I thank all for the comments and favorites I received regarding the first two chapters. I want to specifically mention and thank Literotica member Fat_Rick, who sent several e-mails full of kind words and suggestions for future development. While what I have written here does not do justice to the breadth of his ideas - his e-mails contain enough for several complete stories (which I have encouraged Fat_Rick, so far unsuccessfully, to write) - I incorporated several of his suggestions into Chapter 3. Some of these are general, a tightening up of the plot, some specific, including details such as the photographs on Bianca's vanity, and some entire scenes. If you enjoy Bianca's visit to Principal Strickand or Bree and Bryan watching Malcolm and Marie with the family, thank Fat_Rick. If not, the fault is, I am sure, in my execution.
As always, all story characters engaged in sexual activities are eighteen years of age or older.
* * * * *
Edward, looked around. Bree, his wife, was not in bed, but that was no reason to worry. She often woke up before he did. Feeling good — he'd slept well since Bryan installed the white noise machine in the bedroom - he stretched, then noticed something that wasn't there: the smell of fresh coffee. His wife made it each morning; he loved its dark rich aroma.
Putting on his robe, he headed for the kitchen. The coffee maker was ready to go; Bree had set it before going to bed. Perhaps she'd left for work early and, not wanting the coffee to grow stale before the family woke, decided to pick up a cup on the way to the office. Edward checked the driveway. Bree's SUV was in its usual spot.
Returning to the kitchen Edward poured himself a cup, added two sugar packets - Bree, who drank hers black, would wrinkle her nose whenever she saw him do that - took a sip, checked the countertop, table, and refrigerator. Bree had not left a note. Unplugging the charger from the wall he checked his phone: no text. Slipping the phone in his pocket he wandered the house's first floor, checked the garage: no Bree. Maybe she'd had trouble sleeping and concerned about disturbing him went to sleep in the guest bedroom. Climbing the stairs to the second floor, careful not to wake anyone, Edward checked. Still no Bree.
* * * * *
North of town, out in the country, Bianca was also waking up. Like Edward, she was alone, but by choice. After taking Bryan as her lover her husband Roy had continued to share the bed with her when Bryan was not there. But as the affair intensified, then when Bryan's stepmother Bree was added to the mix, Bianca more and more came to see the bed as a private sacred place. Several weeks ago, looking at her husband Roy's slumbering form next to her, she realized he'd become an intruder.
With Bryan's approval, Bianca sat down with Roy. She was going to buy a new mattress and box springs, top of the line, and he'd have to sleep somewhere else. And while Roy had agreed, Bianca sensed resentment. Unable to identify exactly what about Roy's reaction bothered her, not sure if she'd read him right, Bianca didn't mention it to Bryan until she noted passive-aggressive behaviors in Roy. Nothing major - he'd pretend he didn't hear her when she called, he'd sulk and say he wasn't - but it surprised her. During the past year, as her life had come to center on Bryan, her husband had given her no trouble, accepting his place in the periphery of her existence. Maybe she'd taken him for granted? Perhaps she should go out of her way to thank him more often?
Bianca told Bryan of her concerns, who met with Roy. The basement would be converted into his living quarters; in the meantime Roy would use the guest bedroom and bath. Since then Roy had been good, dutifully filling the role in his wife's life Bryan assigned him.
Her toned body lithe and flexible, Bianca got out of bed, stretched, and moved to the vanity. Admiring the photographs she kept there, one of Bryan - he was so handsome - and a new one of Bryan, Bree, and herself taken on their recent beach trip, she noticed her phone blinking. It was the message Bree and Bryan forwarded her in the middle of the night. Activating the attachment, she watched as Bryan deflowered his stepmother's asshole until, fingers on her clit and nipples, Bianca could take no more. She checked the clock. It would be tight, but she had time. Texting Bryan and Bree, "SO FUCKING HOT, WISH I'D BEEN THERE," she went to the dresser, selecting a favorite butt plug and vibrator from the lingerie drawer.
Downstairs Roy heard his wife get in the shower. She was running late. Putting aside the omellette he'd intended to fix her, he cleaned her Nomad Travel Mug clean. At least she'd have a fresh cup of coffee on the way to work.
* * * * *
Back in town, Edward stood before Bryan's door. He'd peeked into Andrea's room: no Bree. This was the last place in the house she could be. He went to knock, stopped, reached for the door knob, stopped again. This was silly. He should just open the door. He was Bryan's father, the patriarch, leader of the family, but he didn't feel that way, hadn't in months. While his son had always been sober mature smart, over the past months his development had accelerated while Edward struggled with a moribund sex drive and deteriorating sense of his own masculinity. Bryan was becoming the man of the house, and he wasn't the only who saw it. Bree's eyes lingered on Bryan whenever he was around, followed him when he left the room. Conversations with his wife inevitably ended up on the subject of Bryan. She asked Bryan's opinion about most everything, deferred to his judgment, sat with him, touched his arm, straightened his hair, lay a hand on his back. They ran errands, did projects, hung out with Bianca Richards. His wife couldn't get enough Bryan.
Hell, even Andrea was starting to be nice to him.
Now, feeling he had no right to invade Bryan's privacy, Edward stood frozen before his son's door until he heard a buzz - it was Bryan's phone receiving Bianca's text - and Bryan reach for his phone. Deciding Bryan was awake, Edward knocked tentatively, did it again, a bit more forcefully this time, and said in a low voice, "Son, is it okay if I come in? I can't find Bree."
Bryan looked at the door. He knew exactly where Bree was, sleeping naked next to him. They'd fucked deep into the night, then fallen asleep and overslept. What to do? Bryan could deny Bree was there, find a way to get her out of his room unseen, confect an explanation for her disappearance and reappearance, but way too many things could go wrong with that rickety plan. Best to keep it simple. If you want someone to think you've done nothing wrong, act like you've done nothing wrong.
Pulling the blanket up so it covered both their bodies, moving his naked body against his stepmother to wake her, Bryan said, "Sure Dad, come on in, she's here with me,"
Edward hesitantly came through the door. Bree, suddenly awake, turned to Bryan, panic in her eyes, but Bryan slipped his hand into hers and squeezed. He was in charge, everything was okay. In a slightly befuddled tone, as if just waking up, he said, "Hey Dad, what time is it?"
"A little after 7:00."
"Crap. I must have forgotten to set the alarm. Bree had trouble sleeping last night, so did I, and when she heard me rummaging around my room she came up to say, 'Hi.' We lay down, chatted. I guess we fell asleep."
Picking up the cover story, Bree, the lawyer, adeptly changed the subject. "I'm sorry if I worried you dear. Is that fresh coffee I smell?"
"Yeah, I put a pot on."
"Thank you dear. I could use some; I'm sure your sleep deprived son feels the same. We're running late. Do you mind pouring us a couple cups?"
"Not at all."
Edward headed downstairs and Bryan and Bree popped out of bed. Pulling on gym shorts and a tee-shirt Bryan said, "Wait til you hear me talking to Dad in the kitchen, I'll keep him there. You slip downstairs, get a robe from your bedroom, grab a cup of coffee, and head for the shower. You smell of sex."
Smiling, Bree kissed her stepson, a light brush on his lips. "I smell of you, stud."
* * * * *
While Bryan had been plundering his stepmother's virgin asshole the white noise machines had kept Edward and Andrea in the deepest of sleeps while opening their minds wide to suggestion. Until now those suggestions had been in the songs buried in the white noise, but last night there'd been something new. Bryan and Bree's taboo moans, groans, and shrieks did not wake Edward and Andrea, but they heard them, the machines channeling the sounds directly into Andrea and Edward's subconscious. And while the songs extolled Bryan's skill as a lover, Bree's voice, sodden with lust and desire, made you experience it. While the songs celebrated Bryan's dominance and the joy that came with submission, Bree's servile squeals let you live it.
The sound of Bryan and Bree's lovemaking confirmed the songs' wisdom with unmistakable irresistible clarity. The impact on Edward, who slept downstairs, half a house away, was significant. The impact on Andrea, who slept a few feet away, who heard every gasp, gulp, and wheeze, every howl, hoot, and hiss, every change in inflection and tone, every creak of the bed, was far more powerful.
* * * * *
Andrea, still in bed, heard her Mom and stepdad outside her room. That was unusual, Bree and Edward rarely visited the second floor at all, much less firth thing in the morning, but still it was no reason to get up. Andrea turned off the alarm and snuggled under her thick cotton blanket, but couldn't go back to sleep. She was horny. Stroking her breasts, focusing on her nipples, she considered masturbating, but decided to wait. She and her boyfriend Todd had second period free and there were several places at school they could get it on. And if he wasn't available, there were girlfriends always ready to help.
Fifteen minutes later, stepping from her room into the upstairs hallway, she noticed Bryan's door was wide open. Bree hadn't thought to close it when she'd scooted downstairs. Curious to see what Nerd-land looked like, Andrea stepped inside, saw the requisite computer and electronic gizmos and then, noting an unusual scent, took a deep whiff.
Olive oil?
Taking another step inside she saw the bottle of olive oil on Bryan's desk. She picked it up; oil coated its surface. Someone had been using it. What did you use olive oil for in a bedroom? She pulled back Bryan's blanket, found oil stains on the sheets.
Her stepbrother masturbated; at least the nerd had a sex drive.
Returning the olive oil to the desk, she saw - WTF - high heels, her mother's high heels, in the corner. Her stepbrother had a shoe fetish? What to do with this opportunity? She considered leaving them there, for when mother found them there'd be a shit storm. But what y did that get Andrea. Bryan would be in trouble, which was generally a good thing, but her mother's improving relationship with Bryan had made the house a less unpleasant place to live. Why screw with that? On the other hand, Andrea imagined how freaked out her stepbrother would be when he came back upstairs and found the shoes gone.
Picking up the shoes - they were hot, she was surprised by Bryan's good taste - Andrea stopped at the top of the stairs, listened. Edward and Bryan were talking in the kitchen, her mother was in the shower. She headed downstairs, but in the master bedroom saw her mother, out of the shower studying her image in the bathroom mirror. Andrea could see why. Her mother had always been beautiful, but in these last months she and Bianca Richards, her new best friend, had become devoted work-out buddies. She couldn't remember her mother being this trim and fit.
Ditching the shoes in a jumble of clothes at the foot of the bed, Andrea backed out of the bedroom and headed for the kitchen.
Her stepfather was alone. "Hey Edward, got a cup for me."
She knew she wasn't supposed to call him that, but at the moment she felt bullet proof. She had something on this guy's kid.
Inwardly bristling at her choice of words, in his emasculated condition Edward said only, "Will in a second Andrea, I'm brewing a fresh pot."
Curious about the noise in the hallway that morning - was it connected to the shoes — Andrea said, "I heard you and Mom outside my door this morning. Anything going on?"
"I hope I didn't wake you. When I got up your mother wasn't in bed. That's not unusual, she often heads for the office early, but her SUV was in the driveway. It turns out she spent the night with Bryan. She woke up in the middle of the night, couldn't get back to sleep, heard Bryan in his room, went upstairs to chat. They lay down together and fell asleep. I found them tucked in bed, happy as two peas in a pod. Good, it's done. Here's your coffee."
Trying to keep her surprise off her face, Andrea picked up the mug, said, "Thanks," and headed for her room.
* * * * *
Andrea closed her bedroom door, took a sip of coffee, then another, realized she'd tasted neither, told herself to calm the fuck down. Placing the cup on her sink she hung up her robe and turned on the shower. Her mother had slept with her stepbrother? Edward might think it innocent, but what innocent sleep-over includes olive oil and high heels? Shit, there had to be an explanation.
Taking a long breath and another swallow of coffee, she got in the shower. The warm water felt good, calming her, helping to settle her racing mind. There had to be an explanation.
Soaping up a wash cloth, she started working her body, but her scrubs became caresses as the arousal Andrea felt when she woke up returned. Thinking this was nuts: how could she be playing with herself minutes after discovering her mother and stepbrother were sleeping together, she stopped, but as she shampooed her hair she turned her hips towards the spigot, letting the warm water splash on her sex. Giving in to her desires, she ran a finger across the mouth of her vagina, through the valley of her vulva, onto the hard nub of her clit. She lay a hand flat on a breast and caught a nipple between two fingers.
Images of Bryan and her mother flashed through her mind. Nothing too graphic - gentle kisses, sweet touches, bodies entwined - but still very hot. Trying to drive those thoughts from her mind she leaned against the back wall of the shower and imagined Todd, but what came to mind was the reality of her boyfriend, clumsy, immature, inexperienced.
Desperate, she called up images of Ty, Serena's on-and-off boyfriend. He was trouble, a bad boy, but the best looking guy in school and while by reputation sadly deficient in the foreplay and cuddling departments, a big-dicked pile-driver when between your legs. Working a bar of soap on her cunt, pulling on her nipples, soon, sheets of light flashing before her eyes, she came, the orgasm leaving behind a sweet warmth in every nerve in her body.
Her mind clear, toweling herself dry, Andrea's thoughts returned to her mother and stepbrother. She'd eyeball them, figure out what was going on. Pulling on jeans and a matching shirt, Andrea hurried downstairs. She'd put on make-up on the way to school.
* * * * *
Looking at her stepbrother, who was sitting at the kitchen table spreading a light cover of cream cheese on a bagel, Bree said, "Hey, where's Mom?"
"She and Dad are moving something from her car to his; they'll be back in a sec."
"Bagel looks good."
Something was up. He often had a bagel for breakfast; Andrea had never asked about it. In fact, she rarely acknowledged, much less talked to him in the morning.
"It is. If you want one there's another in the bag in the refrigerator."
"Thanks, maybe I will..."
"Hey kids."
Edward and Bree came through the door, and wow, her mother looked good. Andrea knew the rule - red-heads shouldn't wear white - but in a cream-colored calf length dress with a small slit Bree was stunning. Was it the boldness of the look: bright red lipstick matched bright red hair matched bright red heels, or was it that her mother was fricking radiant, like she'd been..., been fucked all night, fucked real well.
"You look good Mom."
"Thanks, I have a hearing today before Judge Pendergraft, the mother of your friend Serena. You like the look?"
"She's not my friend and yeah, but you still look great."
Feeling emboldened after last night's events Bree said, "Thank you dear," and stepped behind her stepson, placing her hands on his shoulders. Kneading the muscles of Bryan's neck she turned to her husband and said, "Honey, can you fix me some coffee to go," as she slid her hands down the front Bryan's body. Her chest now pressed to his back she said, "Bryan dear, could you do Mommy a favor? I need to go by the dry cleaners, but I also have some phone calls to return. Would you ride with me, go inside and get the laundry. I'll drop you at school."
Her hands shielded from view by the table, Bree ran a finger on her stepson's erection. Not visibly reacting, Bryan swallowed a mouthful of bagel and said, "Of course. I'll find someone to give me a lift home," and, giving his dick a final squeeze, Bree said, "Thank you," kissed his cheek, and ran her hands back up his chest. Edward, also thanking his son, handed Bree a tumbler full of coffee. Cradling it in her hands, Bree took a long whiff. "Thank you honey."
Bryan grabbed his backpack and Bree, wishing everyone a good day, folded her arm into his and walked with him to her SUV. There Bryan held the passenger door open, then walked around to the driver side.
Coming downstairs looking for some explanation for the shoes, Andrea found her mother and stepbrother acting like a couple. Her mother had been happy, real happy, the past few months. Andrea had attributed it to her daily work-outs - all those endorphins - and friendship with Ms. Richards. But could it be Bryan? Bryan?
* * * * *
As the SUV pulled onto the street Bree, hand on his thigh, turned towards Bryan and said, "Thanks for remembering the shoes."
Confused, but not wanting to seem so, Bryan said almost too nonchalantly, "Shoes? What do you mean?"
"In all the excitement this morning I forgot about them, left them in your room. When I got out of the shower I saw you put them at the foot of my bed. Thanks."
Knowing he hadn't, maintaining a poker face, Bryan said, "Oh, yeah, no big..." and was grateful to be interrupted when Bree's phone buzzed.
"It's Bianca. She wants to know if this is a good time to talk. I'll call her."
While Bree provided her sexy best friend a blow-by-blow account of last night's sex and the morning's near miss, Bryan focused on the shoes. Neither Bree nor he brought them downstairs. Neither had his Dad; Brian had been in his father's company from the time he'd gotten out of bed until Bree re-appeared, freshly showered. Bree could have mistaken one pair of shoes for another - he'd double check when he got home - but that was crap. Bree loved her shoes; she wouldn't confuse one pair for another. That left Andrea, the only person who could have brought the shoes downstairs. How had she'd known about them? Why bring them downstairs? Was she telling his father about them right now? Was there some stepsisterly blackmail pending? He'd have to keep an eye on her.
By the time that Bree hung up the phone they'd passed the dry cleaners, but neither Bree nor Bryan minded. It would give her more time for one of her exquisite blow jobs in the school parking lot. Bree could pick up the laundry on the way home.
* * * * *
In that happy place men go after great sex, Bryan sat behind Bianca's desk, watching her touch up her make-up - first mascara, then rouge - after their lunch-period quickie.
"I need a favor."
"Of course stud, what is it?"
"Serena and Andrea were going to get together at my house after school to start work on Hodgson's project, but now Serena says too inconvenient. Andrea felt like she was sending a message: we're not good enough to have her over. She also said her house was unavailable, no reason, just unavailable. Serena suggested a coffee shop in her neighborhood, but late at night because it fits in her practice schedule. Andrea says no, it will cut into her social life. I'm not sure either cares where they meet, they just don't want the other to choose. Can you offer them the Yearbook room after classes get out? It fits both their schedules, is convenient - they're already here - and since the offer comes from you neither can claim they won. You and I can work on the yearbook guide while I monitor their progress on the intercom."
Smile seductive, Bianca said, "So tell me stud, when do you plan to start fucking your stepsister?"
With a grin that gave lie to his weak denial, Bryan said, "And why do you think I'm going to do that?"
"Why? Because you've been going out of your way to help her lately. Because Andrea's a hot little number, because every guy fantasizes about doing a mother and daughter. Because you love taboo sex, and the way that arrogant little bitch has put you down, it'd be fun to turn her into your cock hungry slut. And, if you're going to rule your house like you rule mine, your sister has to learn her place."
Smiling at the response - Bianca had given this some thought - feeling the energy flowing back into his body, Bryan rolled his head on his shoulders and said, "Those are good reasons. Would you be jealous?"
Applying lipstick, pressing her lips together to smooth it out, knowing he knew the answer but wanted to hear it anyway, Bianca said, "Jealous. No. I'm not sure why, what it is about you, but I seem incapable of jealously. I desire you more than any man I've known. I'd do anything, be anything you ask. I'm also happy, more than happy, sharing you with Bree or any other lover you choose, especially when you share your lovers with me. It feels natural, it feels right, and is the most fulfilling thing I've ever done. Plus the sex is great, better than I thought possible. Why do you ask, other than liking to hear me say it."
"That's about it."
"Then I'll say it often. Now stud, if we're going to stay after hours I'll need Strickland's permission. Getting it won't be a problem, but he'll want to meet with me."
"Why's that?"
Checking her lipstick in the mirror she said, "Whatta you think?"
The beautiful brunette picked up her phone, punched in a short text to Strickland, then texted Roy. She'd be working with Bryan after school; he shouldn't hold dinner for her. Moments later her phone pinged. Strickland wanted to meet with her.
* * * * *
It didn't happen often, but at times like this Aleksandra Ola hated her boss. Was hate too strong a word? No, it was the right word. Most of the time, almost all the time, Principal Strickland was a boor, an unimaginative pencil-pushing do-it-by-the-book, fat, middle-aged bureaucrat, but around a pretty woman he could be a pig and he was oinking right now. Strickland had buzzed Aleksandra to let her know Bianca Richards was on her way to his office for a meeting, but he was about to make a very important phone call. Aleksandra should ask Bianca to wait in his outer office. Aleksandra knew there was no important phone call, Strickland wouldn't know an important phone call if it fell on him. No, the important phone call was a ruse and the outer office a place where Strickland could, he thought, surreptitiously check out Bianca.
Not that Aleksandra faulted the impulse. While Bianca's clothes, hair, and make-up were always professional and appropriate, this beautiful woman oozed sex. It was, Aleksandra knew, no accident. Bianca looked exactly the way she wanted to look. Aleksandra, in her own way, did the same, except not wanting Strickland and all those high school boys' leers on her all day long she dressed down, hiding her model's figure - 33 ½ - 23 ½ -35, "C" breasts - in baggy clothes, her short dark blonde hair in an uninspired style, and facial features, including large green eyes, with minimal make-up.
At that moment Bree, flashing a dazzling smile - the woman had perfect teeth - entered Aleksandra's office.
Bianca was radiant. Her black knee length designer dress, white blouse, and black jacket complimented her curvy figure, her sleek leather Hermes purse was spectacular, and she wore a necklace whose pendant, an understated diamond, hung between the top buttons of her blouse, which Bianca had left undone.
Bianca, enjoying the way Aleksandra's eyes lingered on her - she'd long noted the principal's secretary was much prettier than she let on - said, "Afternoon Aleksandra, I'm supposed to see the boss."
Casting her eyes at Strickland through the two glass partitions, one separating her desk from his outer office, the other separating his inner and outer offices, Aleksandra said, "Yes, he told me you were on the way. Unfortunately he said he is on an important telephone call, a very important telephone call. He asked that you wait in his outer office."
Bianca, noting the sarcasm Aleksandra packed into the word "very," said, "He's always seems to get those when I come by."
"Yes, quite the coincidence."
Gesturing to her purse Bianca said, "Luckily I brought my I-pad. This will be the perfect opportunity to review the School Board's most recent missive. I'm sure its fascinating."
Smiling - she liked this woman - Aleksandra said, "They always are. Can I bring you a cup of coffee, or tea?"
"Tea would be perfect."
Opening a desk drawer Aleksandra said, "I have lemon, mint, Earl Grey. What's your preference?"
"What do you recommend?"
"This time of day, Earl Gray, definitely Earl Gray."
"Earl Gray then."
Aleksandra considered asking Bianca to join her in the kitchen while she fixed the tea. But while that would serve Strickland right, it would also put him in asshole mode the rest of the day. No, Bianca Richards knew what she was doing; she didn't need Aleksandra to protect her.
"Good. You can wait in his outer office. I'll be right back with the tea."
As Bianca stepped into Strickland's outer office Aleksandra's eyes flashed to her tush - great ass, great wiggle - and breathed in the brunette's perfume. Elegant and posh, its subtle, slightly citrus, scent would linger in her nose the rest of the day. Aleksandra looked to Bianca's left hand. The wedding ring, like the pendant, was classy, understated, and expensive. The buzz around school was Bianca - she certainly couldn't afford all this on a teacher's salary - had married well.
* * * *
In Strickland's outer office Bianca turned her eyes to the principal, held his gaze, smiled. Strickland, who had been slouching, let out a long exhale of air and sat up straight. Bianca imagined his pulse jumping a couple beats. Scanning the room, Bianca choose a chair in the corner, knowing Strickland would have to slide to the end of his desk, an uncomfortable spot without leg room, in order to see her. Out of the corner of her eye Bianca watched him do so.
As Strickland pretended (poorly) not to watch, Bianca put on a show. As she leaned forward to retrieve the I-pad in her purse her thick black tresses covered her face. Sitting back up she placed the I-pad on the chair next to her, shook her head, then ran her fingers through her hair, straightening it. Waiting for the device to boot-up Bianca idly caressed the soft skin of her chest with her diamond pendent, held it as it swing back and forth, and then I-pad ready, lay the pendent between the open buttons atop her blouse, crossed her toned legs, and started reading, moving from page to page with a flick of a fingernail painted a deep dark red.
On the other side of the partition, holding a cup of tea on a mismatching saucer - it was the best the kitchen had to offer - Aleksandra watched Bianca, watched her boss watch Bianca. Whatever this sexy brunette wanted, she'd get. Aleksandra opened the door.
"I have your tea Bianca."
Laying the I-pad down Bianca said, "It smells wonderful, Thank you," and leaning forward, took the cup and saucer from Aleksandra, noting the way Aleksandra's eyes flashed on her cleavage. Not that she minded. Bianca enjoyed being looked at and, unlike Strickland, Aleksandra's barely perceptible glance was respectful, classy. Bianca brought the cup to her lips, took a sip, then another. "It's wonderful. You're right, the perfect way to start the afternoon."
"I'm glad you like it. When you're done or when," gesturing to her boss, "he's ready, leave the cup and saucer here I'll get them."
Taking another sip, deciding to undo another button of her blouse - a reward for Aleksandra's thoughtfulness and bait for her boss - Bianca said, "Will do. Is it the tea or is it getting warm in here?"
"Not the tea, unfortunately. This part of the building heats up in the afternoon. The genius who designed it decided the west facing wall should be made of glass."
Bianca, catching Strickland in her periphery vision - his eyes remained locked on the two women - said, "Well good, it's not me. I guess no one will mind..." and as if focused on her conversation with Aleksandra, the button an afterthought, Bianca drew out the process, working on the button then slowly and deliberately pushing it through the matching hole in her blouse. When finished, giving Aleksandra the opportunity to peek, Bianca glanced at Strickland, who clumsily averted his gaze.
Deciding that unless he got Bianca Richards into his office right now his balls might burst, Strickland hung up his phone and, wanting to seem important, buzzed his secretary. "Aleksandra, you can send Ms. Richards in now."
* * * * *
It was, he was sure, his best serious look; he practiced it at home in front of a mirror. Hands clasped together, leaning forward on his large, theoretically intimidating, desk, Principal Strickland said, "What can I do for you today Ms. Richards?"
Bianca started, "Well," then paused, as if concerned she was about to say something inappropriate, before finishing, "Is it alright if I call you Tom?"
Glancing around, as if someone might hear him, as if maybe what he was about to say was a wee bit out-of-line, he said magnanimously, "Of course."
Leaning back, Bianca rewarded the principal by crossing her legs, then slipping a finger around a long curl in her hair, continued.
"Thank you, Tom. I want to keep Bryan Danielson, his sister Andrea, and Serena Penderdgraft after school today, perhaps several more times over the next few weeks. Bryan and I are working on a guide for publishing high school yearbooks. He did such a wonderful job this year, I thought it would be useful to have him prepare something for future editors. If it is as good as it's shaping up I wouldn't be surprised if we found an academic press to publish it. Serena and Andrea are working on a joint presentation for Mr. Hodgson, and with Serena's practice and training schedule it's hard for them to find time. Letting them meet on campus after class solves a lot of problems."
As they talked Bianca played with her hair: running her fingers through it, curling it, twirling it, tucking it behind an ear, flicking it away from her face. Strickland, who couldn't take his eyes off her hair and fingers, nodded his head in silent agreement with everything Bianca said. Then, suddenly realizing he'd lost control of the meeting, in an effort to re-assert his authority said, "You know there is a policy..."
Employing a conspiratorial tone, Bianca leaned forward, drawing him into the plot. "I know Tom, two teachers supervising at all times. That's why I came to see you. You're the boss, I'm was hoping you'd make an exception. They're good kids."
Trying, unsuccessfully, not to look down her cleavage, unwilling to admit he lacked the authority to make an exception, Strickland said, "Can I have your promise you'll keep an eye on everything."
"Of course Tom."
"Well, okay."
Bianca smiled, a smile that occupied her entire face, including the corner of her eyes, and said, "Thank you," stood, and stepped forward.
In response Strickland struggled to his feet - the unfavorable comparison with Bianca's effortless movement inescapable - took Bianca's extended hand, held it, realized he'd held it too long, hurriedly let go. "And be sure to lock up."
It was neither funny nor witty, but Bianca laughed. It made him feel good.
"I will Tom. I'll ask Aleksandra to come in so you can prepare a note for my personnel file memorializing our talk."
* * * * *
Aleksandra had watched them. Whatever this stunning brunette wanted, she'd gotten. Now, stopping at Aleksandra's desk, Bianca thanked her for the tea and told her that Strickland wanted to dictate a note for her file. Taking a final peek at Bianca's shapely behind as she left, Aleksandra grabbed a pen.
"Ms. Richards said you wanted me to make a note for her file."
Other memories of the meeting occupying his thoughts, it took Strickland a moment to recall the note. He didn't want a written record giving Bianca permission to stay after school with students, but saw no way out. "Yes, yes. Ms. Richards, will keep Bryan Danielson, his sister, what's her name, and Serena Pendergraft after school."
"It's Andrea, and that you approved it sir."
"Yes, yes, I approved it."
Knowing Strickland couldn't approve this breach of school policy, Aleksandra carefully recorded the date and time before entering the information in Bianca's file.
Why had Bianca gone to this trouble to keep three students late?
Back at her desk, with her boss' mind on Bianca Richards, Aleksandra knew there'd be little work the rest of the day. She removed a small case from an inside pocket of her purse, opened it. It was her favorite vibrating egg: pink and oval, it fit inside her perfectly and could go for hours. She could slip it inside. After an afternoon surfing the edge she'd hurry home to her big black dildo and spend the evening drilling her sweet angel-wife while imagining it was Bianca Richards' legs tightening on her back. But no, too dangerous and as aroused as she was she'd be plenty ready when she got home. She put the box back in her purse. Another day.
* * * * *
As Bianca was meeting with Principal Strickland, Bree was across town in court, summarizing her client's position. She'd started the day behind - Judge Pendergraft had been sympathetic to the defendants throughout the lawsuit - but knew she was making up the ground she needed. If she won today, if she defeated the manufacturer's summary judgment motion, the lawsuit would settle. The manufacturer would never let a jury decide a case with such a sympathetic plaintiff, mother of three, who'd suffered such gruesome injuries.
The lawyer for the manufacturer stood. "Your Honor, if we could have a five minute break before presenting our rebuttal, it will help organize our argument."
Bree knew this meant the manufacturer sensed, as did she, its argument slipping away.
The Judge turned to Bree. Bree wanted to say, "Hell no, don't give the bastards the chance to re-think this," but knew the Judge would grant the request.
"No objection, Your Honor."
"Court will reconvene in ten minutes." Judge Pendergraft stood, disappearing through the door behind her podium.
As the manufacturer huddled with its lawyers Bree turned on her phone, read, then re-read Bianca's text describing her visit with Principal Strickand. She turned off the phone when a knock announced the Judge's return.
The manufacturer's argument, focusing on technical fabrication issues, started slow, wandered a bit, then started to congeal. Bree knew it was the weakness in her case, but to date the Judge had shown little interest in the complicated issue. Now she was paying attention. Was she finally getting it?
Bree considered objecting, trying to break the lawyer's flow and the Judge's concentration, but that would signal Bree's concern. She had to appear confident.
That was when Bree thought of Bianca's text. Two could play the distraction game.
Bree had heard the rumors; every lawyer in town had heard the rumors. Ever conscious of the electorate, Judge Pendergraft made sure to play the devoted wife and mother and a pillar of civic virtue. And while she worked hard to maintain her good looks into her fifties, in public her presentation was regal and classy, just the right look for a judge. But the word was when out of town the Judge still indulged her taste for the ladies, preferring them beautiful, younger, and paler, just like Bree.
Bree didn't doubt the rumors, for in her own younger wilder days Bree had often seen Eleanor Pendergraft, years before she first ran for judge, at a certain local music club on the wrong side of the tracks, a place where the better people didn't go. There the future judge would let her hair down, flirt with a waitress, or with the lady behind the bar, and after a few drinks slip off with them to the private bedroom the club's owner kept for preferred customers.
What would Bianca do? As if absorbed in his argument, Bree rotated her chair so that she directly faced opposing counsel. Bree's dress was professional and its slit small, but not too professional and not too small, and as she crossed her legs she exposed a calf and a foot garbed in a spectacular red leather high heel. Noticing the movement out of the corner of her eye the Judge glanced at Bree, did it again, tried to turn her attention back to counsel, but looked back at Bree, losing the thread of the argument as she did so. Sensing this, the manufacturer's counsel back-tracked, repeated himself, but Bree reached down, straightened her shoe, rotated her foot.
Five minutes later, knowing he'd lost the Judge, the manufacturer's counsel sat down. Over drinks that night he, his co-counsel, and their clients would argue about what went wrong. None would mention the importance of a well-formed calf.
* * * * *
That afternoon after school, Serena and Andrea worked on Hodgson's project in the Yearbook room while Bryan and Bianca met in her office a few doors down the hall to work on the editors guide while monitoring Serena and Andrea over the intercom.
For Serena and Andrea things started tolerably. The girls, both late, exchanged a kiss on the cheek and the expected civilities, but with an edge to their voices. Then, despite the songs in the white noise machine urging then to get along, things went downhill. After forty-five minutes Bryan picked up his computer. "Bianca, can I have three of those powerbars you keep in your desk. I'm going down there."
Knocking on the Yearbook Office door, stepping inside, Bryan said, "Hey guys, with all the brainpower working in here I thought you could use a snack."
Annoyance flashed across Serena's face. She addressed nerds; they did not address her. But before Serena could say anything Andrea said, "Yeah, good idea, we could use a break."
Laying the bars on the table Bryan said, "Take your pick. How's it going?"
Serena, not interested in discussing the project with Bryan, issued a non-committal, "Okay," but Andrea, reacting to Serena's patent disinterest in her stepbrother, said, "A little slow so far."
"Too bad. What product did Hodgson assign you to market?"
"A walker."
"A walker? One of those things elderly people use to help them walk?"
"Yeah."
"He's a dickhead. What would two such beautiful young women know about walkers."
Serena's displeasure - had this nerd just commented on her looks? - was not offset by his criticism of Hodgson, as Bryan continued, "Maybe we should try brainstorming."
Before Serena could reject the idea Andrea said, "What's that?"
"A technique for generating ideas on group projects like this. We used it with the Yearbook staff. You suggest any thought, any idea, you have and make a list of them. No criticism is allowed. You don't reject, grade, or evaluate; just collect. It stimulates creativity. When done you put the list aside, wait a day or two, then return to it and pick out the best."
Seeing the look on Serena's face - she made no effort to disguise that she thought the idea stupid - Bryan said, "Serena I know, you think it's the Nerdbook, but why not try. I'll go first. How about something straight-forward. A television commercial opens with an elderly lady, slim attractive dignified, walking on a rough but inviting surface, like a brick sidewalk in Savannah. She's smiling. Then you cut to a product testimonial from a distinguished older physician and return to clips of old people praising the walker in both general and particular terms - how it helped one with her Parkinson's, how it gave another his life back - so the commercial covers everything."
Serena didn't respond, her silence thick with disapproval. Andrea, making eye contract with her stepbrother, filled the void. "Okay. How about this? An infomercial on one of those cable channels that runs 1950's and 1960's television programs. It would look like an impartial medical inquiry about choosing the right walker, but the right one would always be ours."
Breaking the rules Serena said, "Who watches those channels?"
Enjoying the chance to goad Serena, Andrea said, "Old people. Our target audience ain't big on social media."
Bryan said, "Guys, remember the rules," then threw out an idea.
They worked for another thirty minutes, with Serena, if not wholly dropping her hostility, relaxing a bit, adding a couple of suggestions to the pot. After forwarding the notes he'd made to Serena and Andrea, Bryan said, "Let's review the list tonight, then get together tomorrow or the day after to discuss."
Andrea said, "Good idea. Serena, how about my place, this time tomorrow?"
At the moment Serena was of two minds. On the one hand: she was cool; she was beautiful; it was her right, her duty, to exploit nerds. They'd made more progress in the last thirty minutes than they had to date. If this nerd wanted to do her work, who was she to say no? On the other hand, who did this nerd and his flat-assed sister think they were, trying to arrange her schedule. Did they think this project made them friends? Would they expect her to acknowledge them in public?
"No, I like doing it right here, its more convenient for my tennis practice."
Eye's boring in, Andrea leaned forward, ready for a fight, but Bryan placed a hand on her forearm and said, "I'll ask Ms. Richards about using the room again."
Wondering, not for the first time, why the very hot very classy and very well-off Bianca Richards had fixated on Bryan, Serena said, "Good, now I've got tennis practice," packed her things, and with a desultory, "See ya," breezed out the door.
Andrea exploded. "What a fucking stuck-up bitch. She's too important to come to our home or us to go to hers! Stupid cunt. And did you hear how she kept putting you down, shit after you tried to help save her ass?"
"Yeah, but consider the source. Thanks, by the way, for standing up for me. It's appreciated."
"You're welcome, but don't tell anybody. Not that it was for you. I just couldn't let that bitch get away with it."
With that there was a knock and Bianca Richards, smiling, leaning against the door frame, arms folded across her ample chest, said, "You guys finish? Where's Serena?"
"We're done. Serena split, said she had to get to tennis practice."
"Bryan, would you mind staying a few minutes. I'd like you to take a look at some ideas I had for the editor's guide."
Andrea said, "Bryan, I can stick around and give you a ride home."
Bianca said, "That's sweet of you Andrea, but we may be awhile. I'll give your brother a ride."
* * * * *
Feet propped up on Bianca's desk, Bryan said, "So you listened to the whole thing. What did you think?"
Leaning against the corner of that desk, enjoying the pressure on her backside, wishing it was Bryan's dick, Bianca said, "What do I think? Well, first of all, what's going on with your sister? She was nice to you, spoke up for you, defended you. She's also buying into the team-working-together-thing. "
Bryan deflected the question with, "I guess I'm growing on her," but he'd been asking himself the same thing, and didn't have an answer. In any clash between cool kid and nerd, Andrea sided with cool, family or not. Now his stepsister was defending him from Serena. She'd deferred to his leadership when he'd joined she and Serena. And why had she returned Bree's shoes to the master bedroom without a fuss, forfeiting the opportunity to humiliate or blackmail him. The behavior was consistent with the white noise machine, but the machine worked in tiny imperceptible steps, not in leaps. He'd have to check the equipment when he got home.
Bianca watched Bryan: she loved his face. He was thinking about something, but his jocular response said he'd talk about it later, when he was ready. Giving him space Bianca said, "I understand that, you've been growing on me since we met. So, now that Andrea's coming around on Hodgson's project, how do we get Serena to play nice?"
"Y'know, there's no good reason for Serena and Andrea to be enemies. They should be friends. They're both beautiful narcissists, drama queens, fashionistas. They care about the same things, are contemptuous of the same people - which, admittedly, is most everyone. They're shallow, but not stupid: always ready with a nasty zinger and have a genius for manipulating people. I've seen it: five minutes after they've put on a friendly facade some poor smuck they've mistreated for years decides Serena or Andrea is really her friend. They just misunderstood. Then the smuck does what Serena or Andrea wants and starts getting shat on again.
"The problem is they both want to be Queen Bee and there's only one hive. But that they see other as the competition reveals an underlying respect. The best athlete in school doesn't worry about me stealing his crown. I was hoping they're mutual antipathy for Hodgson would let them bury the hatchet, but every time they sit down together they're ready for a fight."
"You've got it pegged, but what to do my darling?"
"Andrea's trying, we need Serena to do the same. Get her to dial it down, come to the meetings in a constructive mood, not ready to play bumper cars. We need her to use a white noise box. It won't fix the problem, but it's a start."
It would be, Bianca thought, a small beginning, but a beginning. The white noise machine did calm things down.
"How are you going to get her to take one from you?"
"You mean," and adopting Serena's tone of voice Bryan said, "Yeah right, nerdboy, keep nerdtoy to yourself."
Laughing, Bianca said, "Exactly."
"You're right, she'll never take it from me, and even if she did she wouldn't use it. From you however, the best dressed, Jaguar drivingest, hottest teacher in the district, with a wealthy husband, from you she'd take it."
Bianca, thoughtful for a second, added, "You're right. Especially if she was told she couldn't have it, if she thought she was putting one over on you, and me."
"This evening, while I'm working on the white noise box, you think about how to ensure Serena uses it. We'll get together with Bree over breakfast tomorrow, discuss everything."
Unbuttoning her blouse, revealing the white lacy bra she wore underneath, Bianca said, "That sounds like a lot to do, but still, do ya' reckon' we can find the time to squeeze in some fun."
* * * * *
That evening Bryan finished Serena's white noise box. Its programming, encouraging a friendship with Andrea, had been straightforward and gone quicker than he expected. He was getting good at this. Now, earphones on, he listened to what had played on his stepsister's machine the night before, then the two nights before that.
Why the transformation in his stepsister? The changes in the material over the three days had been tiny. If you didn't know they were there you wouldn't notice them. He checked the equipment, found no glitch, no problem. Was Andrea especially susceptible to the process? No, up to now Andrea had progressed like Bianca and Bree, the difference between any day undetectable from the day before or after.
He took off his headphones, leaned back, and calling up a Mozart piano sonata on his phone cleared his mind of details. He'd been looking at the trees, now it was time to visit the forest. Why the leap forward? What was different about last night? There was no change in the white noise machine's programming. No aliens had visited, no witches, wizards, or ghosts had dropped in, what was different about last night, what was different about last night? What was ... Oh shit...
He'd missed it because he'd been focusing on the machine and it wasn't the machine, except it was. He'd fucked Bree last night, the first time he'd done so with complete abandon when Edward and Andrea were also in the house. After months of flawless performance he'd been so confident in the deep sleep induced by the white noise machines that he hadn't cautioned Bree to modulate her moans or modulated his own.
Andrea had slept a few feet away. Her subconscious mind wide open she'd heard everything. Her subconscious would have sponged it up. The noise was raw, sexual, and ecstatic, affirming everything the songs extolled. Was that what happened? He couldn't be sure, but he had no other explanation. He'd have to replicate the experiment.
And whatever the cause, Andrea had leaped weeks ahead in her training. Bryan reset her white noise machine, increasing the power and intensity of its training.
* * * * *
The next morning, wondering whether her mother and Bryan would continue yesterday's flirtatious behavior, Andrea hit the snooze button only once. Still, when she got downstairs she found only Edward. "Where are Mom and Bryan?"
"They left a few minutes ago. They're meeting Bianca for breakfast. They said they had some things to discuss."
"What things?"
"I don't know, it's none of my business."
Taken aback, they were talking about Edward's wife and son after all, Andrea started to ask, "If it's none of your business, then who's in charge here?" but she swallowed the words, for an answer was assembling in her mind: Bryan was in charge.
* * * * *
Serena would normally dodge a lunch invitation from a faculty member; she had better things to do, but Bianca, Bryan, and Bree had correctly measured their prey. When Bianca mentioned a feature article in the city's eponymous magazine and a video on its web-site about the state tennis champion who eschewed scholarships from traditional collegiate powers, Vanderbilt, Stanford, Florida, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, to attend historically black Spellman, Serena and her vanity were hooked, for she knew this was no idle promise. The magazine was part of The Roberts Companies print division.
Opening the door to her office, gesturing to a chair facing her desk, Bianca said, "Serena, it's so good of you to come. I appreciate your taking the time. I need to apologize, it's a mess in here. It's been a hectic day; I didn't get the chance to clean up. Can I get you a bottled water?"
Although not in its usually immaculate condition, Bianca's office - a book lay open and a few papers were scattered about - was far from a mess, but Bianca knew opening the conversation with an apology and an offer to serve would feed this young woman's ego and she wanted the little bitch at her entitled worst.
"That would be wonderful Ms. Richards, thank you."
Removing a bottle of water - good stuff, imported from Poland - from a small refrigerator in the corner of her office, Bianca placed it and a napkin on the desk before Serena, then gestured to a white plastic box on a side table.
"Serena, do you mind if I turn this on?"
"What is it?"
"A noise box. It eliminates distracting background noises, helps me concentrate. There's one in the Yearbook room, where you met with Bryan and Andrea yesterday."
Serena said, "Yeah, I saw it," then curious. "Go ahead."
For the next thirty minutes the two women discussed the article and video, making swift and, because the story would portray her positively, Serena thought excellent progress. When they finished, as she shut down her computer, Bianca, a hint of a plea in her voice, said, "Serena, I shouldn't have mentioned the noise box. I'd appreciate if you'd keep it to yourself."
"Why?"
"Bryan Danielson gave it to me. It's something he put together, an over-the-counter product and a bit of programming. Bryan had one in the Yearbook room and when I saw how everyone was focused, how much they got done, I asked him to make one for me. He was reluctant, said it was just an experiment, but I talked him into it. I didn't think of it at the time, but I broke the rule prohibiting teachers from accepting gifts from students. As for Bryan, the last thing I suspect he wants is for word to get around. People would be lining up for these machines and I'm sure he has better things to do."
Throughout the rest of the day Serena replayed the conversation with Ms. Richards in her mind. The time Serena had spent with Andrea and her nerdy stepbrother yesterday and with Ms. Richards today had been productive. Serena was a busy girl, she could use help getting things done. That it might embarrass Ms. Richards or be a burden on Bryan? Who the fuck were they to say she couldn't have what she wanted?
Serena imagined Ms. Richards asking Bryan for a machine. When that bitch turned on the charm Nerd-boy must have melted. And if Ms. Richards could do it, so could she. Ms. Richards was hot and all, but she was pushing thirty.
* * * * *
That afternoon Andrea was surprised to find her mother home; she rarely left work early. When Bree mentioned Bianca Richards had just texted, she was giving Bryan a ride home, Andrea headed for her room. Curious after recent events, she wanted to watch the three of them without being seen. Her second floor bedroom window was perfect.
When she heard an unfamiliar purr in the driveway, Andrea went to the window. It was Ms. Richards' Jaguar: top down, Bryan driving, Bianca sitting in the passenger seat, sunglasses on, thick brown hair loose. Stopping the car, Bryan walked around and opened the passenger door, offering Bianca his hand. She took it and stood. Bryan closed the door behind her.
Bree came out of the garage. The women exchanged kisses and then, Bryan leaning on the car, the women standing close to him, they began talking. Bree lay a hand on Bryan's shoulder and absent-mindedly, as if doing it for the millionth time, kneaded his neck muscles. Holding Bryan's hand, Bianca ran a perfectly manicured nail on his fingers and palm. Imagining how good that felt, an involuntary shudder ran down Andrea's body.
What were they talking about? Whatever it was, it was serious - the three of them were focused, paying close attention to each other — but not so serious that an occasional comment wouldn't leave everyone laughing. And while they talked freely, Andrea noticed that in the end the women deferred to Bryan, nodding their heads in agreement as he summed up.
Most of her classmates, if surrounded by two such stunning attentive women, would turn into fumbling bumbling fools. Those who didn't would puff up into arrogant buffoons. But Bryan was calm, in control. How had she so badly underestimated her stepbrother? Was Bryan bad at being a high school boy because he was already a man?
When the conversation ended Bryan and Bree walked Bianca to the driver side of the car. The women kissed, then Bianca, laying her palm flat on his chest, kissed Bryan's cheek, whispered something in his ear, and slipped into the driver's seat. Damn, the woman made sitting sexy. As Bryan and Bree, holding hands, stepped away, Bianca waved good-bye and backed out the driveway.
Andrea hurried downstairs, joined moments later by Bree and Bryan.
"Your stepbrother has an excellent idea: Family Move Night. I'll have Edward pick-up dinner on the way home. Then we'll pop some popcorn, watch a movie. Bryan, you pick the cuisine; Andrea and I will choose the movie."
Surprised that she didn't she hate the idea, Andrea said, "Yeah a movie without aliens, where nothing blows up; something romantic and gooey."
Bree said, "I have just the thing. Bianca recommended it, Malcolm & Marie. She said it's stormy, steamy, sexy and stars some very pretty people, Zendaya and John David Washington."
Looking to Bryan, a teasing friendly taunt to her voice, Andrea said, "So what do you think stepbrother?"
"Gooey away ladies."
* * * * *
After eating - Bryan chose Thai - bags and plastic utensils in the garbage, dirty dishes in the dishwasher, leftovers in the refrigerator, Bree excused herself. She wanted to put on something less confining. While she did Andrea remained in the kitchen catching up on text messages and Edward hung up his coat and tie, exchanged his work shoes for favorite slippers, straightened and cleaned the kitchen, then started on the popcorn.
Minutes later Bryan said, "Movie's ready to go."
Returning to the living room, carrying bowls of popcorn, Edward and Andrea found Bree cuddled into a corner of the couch, covered in a silk sheet, legs tucked under her body. She'd combed out her hair and touched-up her make-up. Bryan sat on the floor in front of the couch.
"You comfortable son?"
"Yeah. Bree says her feet hurt after a day in heels in the courthouse and its marble floor. I'm going to give her a foot rub during the movie. Everybody ready?"
Edward and Andrea, sitting in their favorite chairs, said, "Yeah."
Bryan called up the movie and flipped the remote to his father. "Okay Bree, the baby oil."
"Oh I'm sorry Bryan, I left it in the bathroom. Edward honey, do you mind, I'm so comfy."
Pausing the movie, Edward said, "Of course not dear," returning moments later to hand his son a small bottle of oil. "Here champ, take good care of her."
"Will do Dad. Ready Bree."
Bryan ducked between Bree's legs and scooted forward on the couch. Her legs draped over his shoulders, her feet resting on his chest, Bryan squirted baby oil onto his hands, rubbed them together, saturating them, then lathered Bree's right foot. When he reached her toes, working the oil on and between them, Bree squealed. Bryan then gave her left foot the same preparatory treatment, but as he worked her toes Bree's squeal morphed into a low moan.
Her feet now ready, Bryan started with her right. Beginning with her Achilles tendon he worked down her foot. Ankle bones, top of the foot, sides, ball, heel, arch, staying at each spot until her muscles flowed with his fingers. When he turned to her toes Bree responded with her most intense moan to date.
Laying Bree's right foot on his chest Bryan turned to her left, giving it the same ardent treatment. Bree was paying no attention to the movies as her blatantly sexual moans, groans, and sighs grew softer, more personal, more intimate.
Andrea glanced at her stepfather. Somehow he remained fixated on the movie. Zendaya and John David were hot, but so was what was going on in the real world right in front of him. How could he just sit there? This wasn't a foot massage, it was foreplay.
As Bryan continued to work on Bree's foot Andrea started to fell like an intruder, a third wheel on someone else's date. She considered leaving, but knew she wouldn't. Heart and pulse racing, she couldn't tear herself away.
Bryan lowered Bree's left foot to his chest and returned to the right,
"Oh baby, you don't need to do that."
"Does it feel good Mommy?"
"Oh yes baby, you make Mommy feel so good."
"That's what I want, to make you feel good. I'll keep working your feet," and directing his voice to the room said, "unless we're distracting you guys. We're not too noisy, are we?"
Andrea, distracted as hell, said, "No, I'm fine."
Edward, eyes glued to the television, said nothing and Bree, her voice sharp and reprimanding, said, "Edward, Bryan asked you a question, answer him."
"Sorry, watching the movie, what is it son?'
"I want to make sure Bree and I aren't disturbing you with the foot massage."
"No son, not at all. I'm looking to you to take care of Bree."
"Will do Dad."
On his second visit to Bree's right foot Bryan's fingers dug deeper, probing previously unaccesible layers of muscle. Eyes closed, breathing flattening out, Bree's body melted, molding to the contours of the couch.
Andrea wondered, was she overreacting? Who doesn't want a foot massage. Bryan had been at this over an hour. Hell, the couple of times that Todd rubbed her feet he'd whipped his dick out after two minutes, claiming his Herculean effort entitled him to an immediate blow job.
What would feel like to have Bryan work her feet?
Shit, what was she thinking, this was her stepbrother the dork.
Andrea turned to the screen, determined to focus on the movie. While she'd missed much of it, she's started to catch up when Bree let out a long contented sigh. Andrea's eyes flitted in her direction and saw that Bree, to give Bryan a better angle as he now worked her left foot, had rolled onto her side, partially dislodging the blanket.
Whatever her mother was wearing under the blanket, it wasn't much.
Unable to resist, Andrea kept glancing at her mother, trying to figure it out what she was wearing, but she couldn't be sure. The areas of exposed skin were small and the flickering light from the television minimal.
When Bryan finished Bree's left foot, lowering it to his chest, Bree said, "Thank you Bryan, that was wonderful. Now come here and keep Mommy warm," and pulled aside her blanket, patting the spot directly beside her.
And while it took but a second, Andrea saw it. Her mother was wearing a light pink camisole, the outline of her hard nipples plainly visible, and black silk panties. Nothing else.
Bryan settled in behind Bree, who leaning against his side and squiggled. The two bodies merged and Bree turned, kissed his cheek, and whispered something in his ear. A sly smile formed on his face and Bryan wrapped his arms around Bree's chest. Bree lay her hand on Bryan's leg above his knee and fingers bent, ran her nails up and down, gliding on the sensitive skin of his thigh. With a soft murmur of pleasure Bryan placed his hand on his stepmother's flat stomach.
Andrea wondered. Was that hand on or under the camisole.
Hopelessly aroused Andrea turned her lower body away from the couple and pressed her middle and ring fingers to her sex through her jeans, swallowing her moans.
The film came to a close.
Edward said, "I guess we'll never know if Malcolm and Marie make it. Thank you son, Family Movie Night was a great idea. We'll have to do it again soon."
Bree said, "I'm glad you liked it dear. Your son is wonderful, isn't he? Now why don't you go grab your shower, there are some things Bryan and I need to discuss."
Watching her stepfather leave, part of Andrea wanted to stay, to see if she could out wait Bryan and Bree, she if see could get them to reveal how little her mother was wearing. But she was also turned-on, as turned-on as she could remember. She headed upstairs to masturbate.
* * * * *
Having showered, looking in the bathroom mirror, Bree applied a light touch of lipstick, a shade that complemented her short red hair and nails. The white tee-shirt she wore was simple, sexy, and among Bryan's favorites, covering her bright red bush, but barely. Every step she took provided a glimpse of it and when she leaned forward her ass would be on full display. Scanning her body her eyes came to rest on her round "B" breasts. Her hard nipples and the rosy red areolas were evident in the fabric and if you were vulgar, if you stared, you could make out the outline of those areolas.
She loved it when he stared.
Bree was an addict, had been since their first frenzied fuck. She couldn't explain it. At first she hadn't liked Bryan, but that had been her fault. What, after all, was wrong with him? That he was smart, that he wasn't interested in the latest fashion, that he was bored by the Celebrity-of-the-Day? That he wasn't happy when Bree and Andrea moved in and disrupted his life?
He wasn't her type, except he was, she just hadn't known it. During her twenties her type had been the cutest (if not the smartest) guy or gal she could find who loved to play on the wild side. In her thirties she'd thought Edward, Bryan's father, was her type. Nice-looking, good job, faithful, he catered to her, let her do most anything she wanted. Her friends said she had him tied around her finger and if that wasn't exactly right, it wasn't exactly wrong either.
Then they'd fucked and what had been a good life with the father had become a perfect, well almost perfect, life with the son. She knew she wasn't supposed to like this new life. She was a successful career woman, a feminist, and there was no pretense of equality here. Bryan was in charge, she'd do anything he asked, but he didn't ask much. He treated her as his equal, was supportive of her career and never, like other men she'd known, try to dictate the details of her life under the pretense of helping her out. He didn't tell her how to run her business, what to eat or drink, who should be her friends.
And the sex. The sex was not only out of this world, but Bree discovered in herself a maturity and wisdom she'd never imagined. Neither jealous nor possessive, she was always ready for something new. Bryan had never asked anything of her she hadn't come to love. And then there was Bianca, Bryan's first conquest and Bree's best friend and sweet sweet lover.
As to the almost perfect? Bryan had assured her that Andrea would soon join Bree and Bianca as his lovers and that her Edward, like Bianca's Roy, would accept Bryan as head of the household. It hadn't seemed possible. Andrea loathed her brilliant stepbrother and Edward, a successful capable man, showed no inclination of stepping aside in favor of his son, but Bryan, as always, had been right. That evening she and Bryan had flaunted their affair and it had gone just as she, Bianca, and Bryan had planned: Andrea hadn't been able to keep her eyes off them and Edward treated it as the norm, as if she already belonged to Bryan.
Bree's phone flashed. It was a text from Bryan; Andrea was asleep. Bree flipped off the bathroom light, opened the door. Edward, breathing deep and steady, was comatose. Bree backed out of the room, leaving, as Bryan had instructed, the door open, and headed for the stairs. Bryan was standing at the top, framed by Andrea's open bedroom door.
She was so fucking hot. Neither required foreplay; the entire evening - the flirting, the physical intimacy - had been foreplay. Now they'd fuck while Andrea and Edward slept a few feet away and Bryan had told her she could be as loud and vocal as she wanted. She loved his naughty games.
Her time in the gym evident, Bree moved effortlessly up the stairs, and wrapped her arms around Bryan, pressing him to the wall. Her tongue charged inside his mouth and dueled with his. She slid her hands up his body, dug her fingernails into his arms, held him tight. After frantic minutes of kissing she pulled her tee-shirt's neckline down, exposing a pale-white freckled breast. Bryan ducked his head, licked it with the flat of her tongue, once, twice, a third time, then, closing his mouth on her nipple, sucked as much tit into his mouth as he could manage, held her nipple between his teeth, lashed it with his tongue. Shocks of pleasure coursing through her, Bree arched her back, shoved her tit deeper into her stepson's mouth. His hands on her ass, Bryan picked up Bree and turned 180 degrees.
Her back on the wall, Bryan pressed his body to hers, pinned her in place. They locked mouths: his tongue slid across and behind her lips; their tongues tangled and caressed. Bryan pressed his knee to her thighs, forcing her legs open. With kisses and soft bites he moved down her neck to her collarbone.
Loving the sensation of being dominated, Bree pulled Bryan's shirt off his body, tearing buttons off in the process, reached for his belt, felt his bulge. He was big, not the biggest she'd known, but plenty big and by god he was the best.
Bree worked the latch of his belt free, searched for, found the tab of his zipper, and after two failed attempts - her hands were shaking in need and excitement - yanked it down, curled his fingers on the hem of his shorts, yanked again. With his shorts and boxers around his thighs, Bryan slid his arms up Bree's back and pulled her into him; her breasts flattened on his chest. She ran her hands through his hair and kissed him, a firm hard kiss, then pulling her mouth away spat out the words, "I want you," and fell to her knees, pulling his pants down his legs and over his foot.
His hard pink dick bobbed in the air, bouncing off the side of her face.
Taking hold of his shaft, squeezing, Bree looked up.
"Sloppy and wet or neat and tidy?"
"Improvise."
Loving his smell, taking a deep whiff, Bree said, "Yes sir," and rubbed his cock-head on her face, leaving behind an invisible trail of pre-cum, then wrapped her hand on the shaft and pumped. Smearing a heavy drop of pre-cum on the head with her thumb, she kissed his shaft, below the cockhead, then licked it with the tip of her tongue before swallowing him, sliding her lips up his tool while continuing to lick the head.
"Mmmmmm, yeah..., that's it."
Bree rolled her head, moving him inside her mouth.
"Mmmmmmmmmmnnhhhh..."
Eager to display her skills, Bree sucked until her cheeks were concave, twisted her hand on his shaft, then took him deeper into her mouth until, desperate for breath, she pulled her head off him to fill her lungs with air.
Letting go of the shaft, Bree palmed his balls, sucked one, then the other, into her mouth, forcing them back out through her tightly compressed lips with her tongue. She licked the shaft, root to tip, and again took each of his testicles into her mouth, where she reverently worshiped it with her soft supple tongue.
Releasing his balls, she tilted his dick forward, looked up, and took him into her mouth. Pausing half-way down his shaft, she tilted her head and kept going, made another slight adjustment, and swallowed again until all but an inch of him was stuffed in her mouth.
Making slight choking sound, she looking at him with pleadings eyes, reached for Bryan's hand, placed it on the back of her head. Taking over, Bryan pushed her face down the remaining length of his dick, moved her head back, then did it again. Bree gagged with each thrust: "Gwock. Gwock. Gwock. Gwock. Gwack. GWOCK. GWOCK. GWACK."
Reaching between his legs, Bree probed the opening of his asshole, slipped the tip of her finger inside. Bryan held her head in place and thrust hard into her mouth and throat.
"GWOCK. GWOCK. GWACK GWOCK. GWECK. GWACK GWOCK. GWECK. GWACK."
Knowing she'd reached her limit, Bryan pulled his dick from her mouth. Spittle dripping from swollen numb lips, Bree scrambled to her feet, leaned against the wall, and pushed her body into Bryan. His hard dick nestled in her ass cheeks, Bree squeezed the tight muscles of her derriere.
"You like that stud?"
Pushing his twitching cock against her backside Bryan groaned, "Fuckin' yes."
Reaching between her legs Bree found his dick, tilted it, slid it between her legs. The fat cockhead pressed to her vagina, the shaft on her vulva, she rotated her hips, sliding her warm wet sex on him.
"That's so good, Mommy wants your cock."
Changing her motion, she moved her hips up and down. The inner walls of her vulva splayed open, wrapping themselves on the shaft. Bryan's dick slid up and down her soft wet vulva, his hard thick cockhead crushing her distended clit.
"Oh Bryan, oh fuck, so good, so good, so good."
Bryan felt a passing moment of pity for his classmates. They fucked each other. They knew nothing of the joy of fucking experienced women wholly enthralled to you.
Bree took hold of Bryan's prick and slid it up the crack of her ass. When the head reached her anus, she pushed, lodging his cockhead in her sphincter.
"Remember baby, when you took Mommy Bree's asshole. You made Mommy so happy she saved it for you. You want to fuck her there again?"
Bryan felt her sphincter flex, felt his cock moving past it, but knew that while Bree would gladly take him up the ass, after her recent anal reaming she'd be more than sore. Tempting, but best to give her time to recover.
"Don't worry, I'll plow your hot little ass soon, but tonight I want your cunt."
Lubricating her fingers in the copious flow of her sex, Bree dragged his cock back down the valley of her ass and between her legs. She ground her throbbing clit on his cockhead then, tilting her hips forward, slid her clit on his shaft.
"Uuuuuuuu, nnnuuuummmmmmmm, oh god Bryan, uuunnnnhhhhhhhhhhhh uuuuuuu,nnnuuuummmmmmmm, oh god, oh god, oh god."
Her burning clit was getting bigger and bigger. She needed him to fuck her. Moving his cockhead to the mouth of her vagina Bree jerked down, impaling herself on him.
At first neither moved. Bree was lost in the thick hard pulsating pole crammed inside her most sensitive place, Bryan in the warm wet tight cunt wrapped on his dick.
Then Bree squeezed down on him.
"Ennnnyyyyyyyyyyyyah.
"Is this what you want, my cunt on your perfect cock?"
Bryan moved his hands under Bree's tee-shirt, squeezed her breasts, swiped her nipples with the side of his thumbs, pressed his thumbs into her breasts, moved them in circles.
He was not gentle, but she did not want gentle.
"That's so good baby, Mommy loves the way you fuck her. Mommy loves your big dick."
Rotating her hips, Bree moved his cock around inside herself. Bryan matched her movement, increasing the friction and pressure of their bodies on each other and pushed, driving his prick deeper inside her and forcing her onto her toes. With the full weight of her body pressed to his hips, his cock slipped even deeper inside.
Her arms flat on the wall, Bree clamped down, squeezing her stepson's dick, jacking him with her strong pussy. Bree was grateful for the hours she and Bianca spent in the gym and for the floor exercises that strengthened her kegels, allowing her to squeeze her cunt on her stepson's dick with this kind of force. In the future she'd work harder, turn herself into a perfect fuck-toy.
Bryan began thrusting, his hips banging against Bree's ass. His breathing deepened, a sheen of sweat formed on his neck.
"Oh my darling, oh my sweet baby boy. I love the way you fuck me."
Riding the crest of an evening of sexual tension Bryan and Bree fucked, animal fucked, hard fast deep. Bree, bracing her hands on the wall, bucked her hips, thrashing her pussy on Bryan's cock. Behind her Bryan, one hand curled around her body, twisting and pulling a nipple, the other on her hip, directed her movements. Wanting to plant the noise deep in Andreas's subconscious, Bryan delivered one, then another, loud sharp smack to Bree's ass.
"Oh yes baby, spank Mommy's naughty butt."
They fucked and fucked until, feeling the pressure build, fearing if she didn't come soon she'd explode, Bree jerked her hips hard on Bryan's cock.
'FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME."
Bryan jammed into her; his cock pulsated. Bree clenched her cunt, muttered an incoherent, "Give it to me!," and with a hard, "Uuunnnnhhhh," exploding from his solar plexus, Bryan came, spraying his thick hot cum into her pussy.
With that Bree came. Her pussy spasmed, her body shook, she jibbered nonsense syllable after nonsense syllable and then, before her first orgasm ended she was coming again as another orgasm ripped through her convulsing body.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuckity fuck."
She wasn't sure how long it had been, but her mind was peeking out from the sweet gentle fog that enveloped her whenever they made love. She was leaning against the wall, breathing heavy. Her skin was damp; Bryan's strong gentle hand rested on her hip.
"You okay?"
"More than okay, fucking amazing my darling."
Running his hands up her body, his fingers coming together between her breasts, Bryan pulled her towards him. Unable to offer resistance, she found herself standing, her back pressed to his chest. Bryan kissed her ear and she turned her head. Their mouths came together in a long languid kiss. Bryan's cock, so recently iron, slid from her body. She registered her protest with a soft moan into his mouth.
As the kiss ended she turned to face him, draped her arms around his neck. "I'm so happy you and Bianca invited me to play, but I'm pooped. I could use a big glass of ice water. Care to join me?"
He slipped his hands into hers and closing Andrea's door they headed downstairs.
* * * *
Emptying the last two bottles of water left in the refrigerator into plastic ice tea glasses half filled with ice, Bree made a mental note - add water to the shopping list. She handed Bryan one, kissed his lips, and the lovers pulled chairs from under the breakfast table, turned them to face each other.
Opening her sex for inspection, Bree, rested her foot on the front edge of Bryan's chair between his legs.
"Would you like me to shave it?"
"No, I love that bright red bush, it matches your hair."
"Trim it then? You have Bianca trim hers."
"I do. I like her pussy one way, meticulously manicured, and yours a different way, wild untamed. Maybe some day I'll change my mind."
"I guess that's an advantages of multiple lovers."
"One of many."
She tilted her foot, still slick with oil from the foot rub, and touched Bryan's cockhead with her big toe, moved it up and down the underside of his shaft, working his Corpus Spongiosum and frenulum.
Bryan closed his eyes. His dick, filling with blood, stiffened.
Was he ready for another round?
Bree's right foot joined her left. Pushing on the inside of Bryan's legs, spreading them, she curved the soles of her feet , holding his dick between them. With an up and down motion she began working his staff.
Bree and Bryan had one more fuck in them.
* * * * *
Andrea woke, checked her phone. The alarm would go off in two minutes. She hit the snooze button and closed her eyes, but for the first time in memory found she wasn't sleepy. In fact, she felt hyper-alert.
Her thoughts were on last night.
How had she missed it? Her ridiculous conviction that her stepbrother was a nerd had blinded her to what was happening around her: the way her mother talked about Bryan, looked at him, touched him; the way she solicited his opinion and sought his approval. And most of all the way they came back from their multi-hour "errands" or from visits to Bianca Richards. Shopping never left one with that kind of glow or that kind of smile.
Oh shit, Bianca Richards? Over the past months her mother and Ms. Richards had developed a friendship closer and more intimate than any she'd remembered. And Bianca Richards adored her stepbrother. Like every other kid at school Andrea had been unable to make sense of it, but now it was clear. Bryan, Bianca, and Bree were a throuple. Her stepbrother was not the school's biggest nerd, he was the school's biggest stud.
And her stepfather? As Bree's relationship with Bryan became ever more open and intimate Edward had done nothing. As Bryan had become the home's Alpha, the one everyone looked to lead, Edward had done nothing. Andrea had wondered how Edward missed what was going on around him, but the answer was that he hadn't. He had accepted it.
Hearing voices in the kitchen, Andrea rushed downstairs. Edward was unloading the dishwasher and Bryan sitting on a countertop, Bree standing directly in front of him, between his legs. Smiling, she broke off a piece of a bagel and slipped it into his mouth.
"Hey Edward, hey guys. You look comfy."
Turning to face her daughter, Bree placed her hands on Bryan's thighs and leaned her body back on his.
"I was feeding your stepbrother breakfast. You sleep well?"
"Great actually."
Bree said, "Good," then checking the clock, "I've got a status conference with Judge Pendergraft this morning. Gotta grab my briefcase and go."
"Dad, would you get Bree's briefcase."
"Yes son."
Bree stepped away from the counter and extended Bryan a hand. Sliding to the floor, Bryan took hold of it and, as if they'd done it a thousand times before, Bree moved into her stepson's arms. They kissed. As their tongues played Bree slid her hands up his body.
When the kiss ended Bree took half a step back, wet her lips, and with hooded eyes said, "Enjoy school darling, and give Bianca a kiss from me."
"Will do."
The women watched Bryan leave the room and head up the stairs.
"Y'now Mom, my stepbrother has a nice ass."
"That he does daughter, that he does."
* * * *
It had, of course, been a test. When Andrea didn't react to the way they held each other, Bryan and Bryan moved on to a good-bye kiss that left no doubt. Last night's experiment had been a rousing success.