This is a warning to readers: This series will involve rough sex and even nonconsensual. This series is not for those with weak constitutions.
Rin is, of course, 18.
*
A tentacle shot out, curling around her neck, but never touching her tender skin. Because of the darkness, she would never know, but then it disappeared... Waiting for her to go further into the belly of the beast. The tentacles there, grew much wider for a serious fucking. It would be odd, though the tentacle was back. A sudden thrust, filling her anus, pushing inside, then pumping her hard, though it left her soon after.
Another tentacle shot out, coming and going at the same rate. This one pushed against her lips, and shoved down her throat though it ripped away, leaving a trail of slime. They did the same to her pussy, and breasts, teasing them, but leaving her high and dry.
------------
She was completely oblivious to the erotic actions that were seemingly mocking her, attempting to be stealthy. Though...every once in a while...Rin glanced behind her to see if she was truly alone...
She walked a few more minutes, without interruption...but then Rin squealed in a rising high pitch as something hard and wet, slick with SOMETHING, invaded her ass. She cringed, panting on tiptoe, but then...after one thrust just as suddenly as it appeared...it was gone...
Rin would've thought it had been her imagination....had she not felt the same stickiness of the tentacle on her ass...
But then, another tentacle like thing entered her mouth forcefully. Her eyes went wide as she moaned loudly in surprise, the vine like thing going all the way to her throat. And as it pulled out, she went on all fours, wringing her neck and coughing. Something strange was going on...
Then she felt something cool and wet poking attentively on her breasts and pussy, much like tongues, lapping, making her pussy drip and her nipples pert painfully.
Rin was blushing and panting horribly by the time the tentacles left. Oh....she wanted more...more...she was becoming frustrated and unsure of what to do...
Staggering she wandered hurriedly, occasionally feeling the wetness of her cunt with slick fingers. "Oh....my Lord, where are you...?" She moaned piteously.
-------------
The tentacles seemed to come more often now, each time they came back, they were larger and stayed longer. Stretching her anus a full five inches now; Something that could bring any girl to her knee's, but when she would fall, tentacles would grab her body and lift her to her feet, forcing her to walk while her butt was being raped so viscously.
A purple glow began to emanate at the end of the tunnel she was in. Not an exit, but to a lair. Perhaps the thing behind this torture was there, mocking her as she came ever closer.
It had been ten minutes of walking before her anus was free, but then her pussy was stretched by the same tentacle. Once more, forcing her to walk in this state.
--------------
As she walked farther and farther into the cave, Rin found the tentacles more and more welcoming to her easily heated body. Sometimes, she would pause and lean against the wall of the cave, moaning in ecstasy as the wet tendrils would lap at her, but they seemed to have a will of their own, pushing her on. When she felt an attentive thrusting in her ass, she was often forced into the doggy position, by the vines would just pick her back up again. And she would be forced to walk on tiptoe, as she felt the bulbous tentacle thrusting inside of her.
Then Rin saw something up ahead as she paused to rest. A purple light! Her eyes were glazed and a small amount of drool came from the side of her mouth. "Neeya...Sesshomaru-sama...."
She sighed when she found relief from her ass pounding, but then Rin heard a wettening 'squelch' as yet another tentacle climbed up to her womb, flows of her sweet pussy juice, dribbling down her inner thighs, making it sticky to walk as she neared the purple light closer and closer.
-------------
At the end of her path, was a man who wore all black. A suit that did not match any of this time. He had a top hat, round and smooth with a diamond tipped cane which he leaned upon. He tilted his head up a bit, gazing upon her through those round glasses.
The tentacles now hit her on all three holes, and her other sensitive area's were also addressed. Her nipples licked, and breasts pumped. Her neck kissed, and nibbled on. The man acted as if this was nothing new for him. And began to walk toward her. Stopping just before her. With her body forced to stand as all this erotic tentacles were touching her body.
"It seems your body is willing to give itself up, just to feel thick members deep inside your body. Just how thick is what I wish to find out."
Six inches entered her butt and cunt, her mouth however, held the same thickness within it.
------------
Rin fell to her knees, overcome with the small orgasms that had occurred as she walked...but she noticed the man before her...he wore...a VERY strange kimono...was he from the same time as the miko Kagome as well?
But then all of a sudden! Pleasure points were hit! Her ass, pussy and mouth were filled simultaneously, and cool tentacles licked her nipples, making them into tight little pink berries and her breasts were nicely molded, massaged. Meanwhile, her neck felt like it was being bit and Rin's eyes rolled into her head, imagining it was her Lord, biting at her neck.
She felt her knees wobble and strain to stand up, but the tendrils wouldn't allow it. So Rin was hoisted by the vines, her kimono left abandoned on the cave ground.
She barely heard what the man said, but her speech was muffled and loud as more and more inches squirmed into her.
-------------
Her mouth was emptied. Allowing her to show her intent on this situation she had gotten herself into. The man fell, not just onto his knee's, but began to change into thousands of worms. That hit the ground, but only to reform a woman. She was not a futa for once, but she licked her lips. As she brought her mouth to the girls lips. Lapping at the sick, slime on her.
-------------
Rin took a long deep breath as she once again felt air rush into her lungs. She looked up the man in horror as he turned into disgusting worms...slimy squirming creatures! Rin attempted to kick away from the wriggling mass, moving her heels, but she paused as they turned into...a woman...? Was this entity a demon of sorts? But Rin didn't have any time to think as the woman placed her lips upon Rin's in an enticing kiss.
--------------
Rin did not have the intruding tentacles upon her body any longer. As the woman enveloped her. Pushing her over, pressing her covered chest against Rin's exposed one. Slipping saliva into her mouth. A form of drug. That made her want more. And with the little stimulation the girl was giving her, she would beg for as much as she could get. And that was precisely how the demon loved its victims right before it swallowed them whole. For the demon was not the creature on top of her, but the very cave itself. Tentacles swirled back and forth. Opening their mouths, that were growing. Inside each had smaller tentacles...aimed to stimulate until the very end.
--------------
She felt herself free of the wet confinements, but Rin let out a gasp as the woman laid a top of her and kissed her! Rin had never been with a woman before...and she was blushing hard, wishing that Sesshomaru was here...but...that thought was soon fading as the woman continued to kiss her, letting their lips and tongue, mix together. Rin cautiously put her arms around the woman's neck, moaning softly, unaware of the danger around her this very moment...
------------
The sexy entanglement was something Sesshomaru would not fall for. And at this very moment, he was on his way, slicing through those erotic play things called tentacles. Barely escaping their grasp. One actually dared to try and enter his mouth. A quick bite, slash of his nails. And a rip. The tentacle was now lying on the cave floor, in pieces.
Meanwhile.....The lady on top of Rin continued to inject her body with a type of poison. She lifted up, testing how much the poison affected Rin by pinching her nipples. Giving them a horrid twist. At Rin's feet was a gaping tentacle. Its teeth wasn't bone like. It was flesh like, and appear as smaller, tentacles. Her feet began to fall into that trap. And it continued to rise, devouring her alive. In her sexual height.
-------------
Whatever thoughts she had about her inhibitions and submitting herself with only one person was gone. Rin was completely brainwashed of nothing but luscious sex. It just felt...so...wonderful...Rin felt like she was burning up...
After what seemed like many minutes, the woman lifted from her and Rin looked at her in slight confusion...until pain in her breasts, forced her to squirm and moan loudly throughout the cave, echoing her pleasure.
"Nnnghn...m-more...please..."
She begged blushing hard, a sliver of saliva ran from the side of her mouth. She vaguely felt something at her feet...but Rin didn't realize this might be her last sexual tryst she might ever experience...
-------------
The beast that was about to devour her, let its tongue slide along the floor she lay on. Although, it definitely had some devilish thing on its mind, and it showed as the tongue struck out against Rin's cunt, and as it rubbed against there, the very tip shoved deep into her butt. Filling her up with more, intoxicating mess. The girl, pushed her lips upon a hard bud, biting it. Tasting Rin's nipple, and some other ooze that had collected there during her trek.
Sesshomaru was only a few strides away, but Rin was half way swallowed....
--------------
She felt something wet under her...but Rin took no heed...all she knew was that it felt good, her eyes glazed over with a sexual crazed film. She panted heavily, her whimpers carrying out throughout the caverns of the demon's large gullet. Then...unsuspecting Rin gasped loudly as she arched her back in a small orgasm as something not only was licking her now drenched mound, but playing and teasing, thrusting into her ass as well.
Rin moaned as the woman bit and softly suckled on her nipple, easing he sweet tasting milk onto her tongue. She use her hand to massage and peak her other nipple, letting her hands flit over her breast, to gain even more pleasure, even as her moments of living were slipping away...
------------
A blade slashed, a head rolled, but the beast still lived. As Rin's body was just about to be taken by the beast, Sesshomaru grasped her hand. In one of those last ditch efforts that seemed to always work in those lovely action movie endings. Though, this was not the case. As the beast pulled, dragging Sesshomaru down to his knee's.
As the small tentacles gave her body a wonderful caress, she was being eaten alive. Though would not die. Sesshomaru inevitably let her go. Pulling his claws upward, ripping through the mouth that took his beloved. Ripping, gnawing, and slashing his way through the flesh. Until, Rin was found covered in sickening worms. Each spewing fluid on her, pulling her from the sick and twisted end she was about to receive.
This made the beast a tad bit mad. Therefore, the tentacles attacked, and they attacked in numbers. They took hold of Sesshomaru, and Rin, hanging them in the air. And, even if this was not wanted. The tentacles went down, and entered the both of them...
------------
The woman's beheading turned into thousands of worms, which shook Rin out of her sexual hypnotic reverie. She screamed in her consciousness, the beast already having swallowed up to her hips. In desperation she felt his clawed hand over hers and Rin forgot her death wish in an instant...Sesshomaru was here...he was here to save her and take her home...But then Rin felt the beast tugged on her harshly, pulling her lover to his knees. She held on tight, tears in her eyes that seemed to beg, 'don't let me go'...
Rin felt the inevitable vore tentacles up to her neck...and she felt herself let go...she looked on him lovingly as the beast swallowed her hand and Rin had disappeared in the darkness of the beast's throat. But she found that she would not be dead after all! Rin then saw light! Lord Sesshomaru was cutting her out of the beasts' gullet! The 'skin' decayed into crawling worms and Rin shook them off, rushing to him and hugging him about his waist, glad to be reunited with him...however it was not to be...
She felt herself pulled away from her Lord once again, and this time...he was dragged along with her. Rin screamed, kicking and flailing as multiple tentacles entered her pussy and her ass, conscious of it all, since the hypnotic sexual drug was no more.
Rin cringed at seeing her Lord...fighting the worms...and failing horribly...she saw his usually unexpressive face contort into pain...and it killed her.
"S-Sesshomaru-sama...please...fight them...resist...you're stronger than them...you're the strongest demon I know...you can win..."
-------------
His claws brought a sickening end to the beasts tentacles. As well as saving Rin in the process yet again. Falling, in the usual slow motion. Where his clothes went upward, and the ladies could catch a glimpse of Sesshomaru's sexiness. Before landing, with a scowl upon his face. The worms created another enemy, but in light of their situation, Sesshomaru decided not to endure another painful memory.
Bringing Rin to his body, he quickly turned and leaped, coming in contact with the cave wall, but the acidic weapon he had, tore through it easily, breaking them free of the dragons belly. Turning on a whim, Sesshomaru dispatched the beasts head as it reared up in rage.
Covered in gunk of all kinds, he dreadfully needed a shower. But, could not help himself to taste Rin's lips against his own.