Our marriage had turned boring and we were both looking for something to spike it up, so I proposed to Sonja that we try out a threesome. I very much wanted to see her naked with another guy, she would be my favorite porn star, and she said ok without giving it much thought.
Sonja was a knockout, some five feet high and around 110 pounds, with soft, voluptuous, mouth-watering breasts, a shapely ass just the right size for two hands, and sexy thighs filled just enough so there wasn't much space between them at the crotch. She was a natural tease and a flirt, but in a good natured, friendly thing. She liked to show off with short skirts, tight shorts and little blouses. We had to start somehow with what we wanted to do, so whenever we went out I suggested much sexier and daring outfits. We even went together on buying sprees, and she rapidly progressed to really short skirts with high side slits, skimpier, tighter, shorter shorts, and little unbuttoned shirts loosely tied up just under her glorious and frequently bra-less breasts. She now usually wore her regular blouses unbuttoned almost halfway down, and loved sheer half-bras under clingy translucent blouses - tits on a serving tray, she called them. Now when you looked at her, you could really only think of sex, and her flirting and teasing gradually became outright sexual.
One night we decided to go out to one of the hotel clubs, to check out the scene. She picked out a flimsy little black dress, real short and slit high up one side, held up with delicate little spaghetti straps. While she was in the shower, I cut the slit about four more inches up the side, hoping she wouldn't notice. I told her to try the dress without a bra, that she knew she didn't really need one. She said she didn't feel comfortable that way but went ahead, and then decided not to wear panties either; she was going to be naughty, she said, and boy she did, as you'll see further on. I got a hard-on just watching her put on her makeup: it was obvious she had no bra and her slightest movement made her loose breasts move around real sexy under the flimsy cloth, and the ultra-short skirt was now slit nearly to the hip. The dress was anyway so short that when she leaned into the mirror the back raised almost to her ass cheeks. From up close, you could see the pink of her delicious nipples right through the thin cloth, and her tempting full breasts down the cleavage. She was so hot! She had worn that dress before and those thin iffy straps tended to slide off her shoulders, leaving her breasts mostly uncovered with the skimpy top hanging precariously from the beautiful tips.
We got to the club, and as we had thought, a long time friend of ours was there, alone at the end of the bar, so we went over to say hello and sit with him. His eyes popped out when he saw Sonja, rightly so, and she went right up to him to say hello and surprised him - and me - by pressing herself against him, looking him in the eyes and kissing him softly, mouth open, right on the lips. We knew why he was alone; his wife was a hard case and they probably had a fight that day. We also knew he wasn't getting any sex. I sat on the stool next to him, so Sonja would be crowding in between us, which she was delighted to do. I opened up my legs to sandwich her in, and she snuggled right in. She promptly started heavy flirting and teasing in a way I hadn't seen before: she would drop a hand on his thigh and at the same time brush her ass into my thighs, then the other way around, and she was constantly touching and teasing both of us, stroking and pressing and feeling and prodding and continuously brushing her cute ass into either one of us. I got hard pretty soon, and I was sure he was too, because when she talked to him she would lean into him, look him right in the eye and smile as he stared down her cleavage. He couldn't help himself. Besides her constant touching, she also flirted with small body gestures that accentuated her bralessness and moved her deliciously loose breasts around under the flimsy top. We were at ease with what we were doing, because our end of the bar was empty and sort of dark and out of way.
We steered the conversation to sex, naturally, just to hear him say that he hadn't had any in a long while, and I needled him with details of Sonja's favorite scanty outfits and how she loved to tease. I told him that he could see that she wore no bra tonight and maybe she didn't have any panties on. She wet her lips and flirted and teased that a handsome young guy like him shouldn't be without sex. I pulled her hips and ass into me while she talked to him, and she smiled and pressed back against my hard-on while keeping a hand on his thigh. She was working both of us, and I was delighted by this new bold sexual behavior, and I whispered to her to fondle my cock and look at him as if she wanted to fondle his cock too. To spice things up even more, I kissed her neck and shoulders and managed to "accidentally" slide off a shoulder strap. I knew that the top half of her breasts were now mostly exposed, and a nipple probably showing, because our friend's eyes widened and he kept looking down at them. Sonja responded by feigning anger at my slipping the strap off, and scowling mischievously, she turned to face me, backing right into his thighs. She slowly snuggled tight into him as she made believe she was putting the dress strap back were it should be. As his hands awkwardly rested on her waist and hips, I winked at him and asked him whether she had any panties on. He took his cue and pulled her tighter into him, just as she managed to shrug the other dress strap off. The top of her dress was now hanging insecurely from her nipples and barely covered her breasts as she turned to face him, snug between his thighs, his hands comfortably on her hips and waist, her hands on his thighs.
She pouted and complained that all we wanted was tits, tits, tits, and she thrust them out at us, proud with one stiff rosy nipple half exposed, pointing them first at him and then at me, tempting and daring us, and making no effort at all to cover up. I told our friend that she just loved to show off her exquisite breasts. Meanwhile, her hand stayed high on our friend's thigh, damn close to his crotch. She went ahead and kissed him, and this time she tongued him.
We needed a bit more privacy, so we moved to an empty lounge booth that was in a dark spot. As we walked past the rear of the dimly lit dance floor, Sonja stopped so that he bumped into her, and she pouted and sensuously insisted on a dance. Both shoulder straps were still half-way down her arms, and she was showing way too much of her mouthwatering breasts, which he couldn't keep his eyes off. As they danced, she molded herself into him, smiled and batted her eyes at him, and bit and licked his neck, then took his hand and placed it between them with its back resting on the exposed tops of her breasts. She lowered his hand a little, pulling her top further down, so that the back of his hand was now resting against a very bare nipple. I saw him feel her breasts and nipples with the back of his hand, one breast and then the other, the covered one then the uncovered one, moving slowly back and forth all over those soft, satiny breasts and beautifully erect tips. She smiled with her eyes at him and allowed him to do all he wanted. As the number ended, she gave him a long open mouth kiss.
They moved to the booth, and when they were close, she playfully palmed the bulge in his pants and tugged on it. As he sat down first, he was facing her and at eye level to her jutting breasts, staring straight at them, and she took his head in her hands and brought his face to her bare breasts. Her eyes twinkled with pleasure as she fed him those delicious nipples and he mouthed and suckled on them. Her breasts twitched and swayed when she pulled them out of his mouth, and she would feed him her nipples again and pull them out and feed him again. Her nipples were now nice and hard and shiny pink and swollen wet. She finally pulled away from him, asked him to move, slid next to him, and feigned a half-hearted attempt to cover up her breasts, which were glistening and shiny with his saliva.
We knew our friend couldn't spend the night with us, because he had to return to his house. We were sort of just starting out with this sex thing, and she had always been a tease, but never like tonight, and the way things were going, it was obvious something would go down right here at the bar. It was our friend's lucky day.
The bartender came around, and he was taken aback by her mostly bare breasts resting on the table top. He took our order without taking his eyes off her splendid breasts, and all the while she kept a hand moving slowly, shamelessly, all over our friends thighs. When our drinks were brought in, she teased us, and the bartender, by arching her back and sticking her breasts out and pressing them down against the table top, making the nipples jut out tight over the flimsy cloth, which slid even further and exposed them a little bit more. She smiled as she looked at each one of us. She was really working all of us and enjoying herself immensely, and our friend was about to have his wish come true.
As we sipped our drinks she talked softly to him, their faces inches apart, her hand was now in his lap, slowly roaming and squeezing and groping, and I kept wondering if he was going to come in his pants. They joked and smiled, and finally they kissed long and hard, and I could see her open mouth tonguing him and her wet lips working on his. She fondled his lap with both hands for the longest while and then started to slowly undo the zipper. Still kissing, she finally opened his pants and his hard cock poked out, and she cupped it and caressed it lovingly and pumped it slowly. When she couldn't take it anymore, she slowly lowered her face down his neck and chest to his lap, taking the head of his cock in between her open lips. The bartender came up just then and we both enjoyed the live porn. Our friend fondled her breasts while she savored him, but I knew her skills and she would make him come right away, and she did, noisily slurping and sucking and making him squirm and moan and finally jerk and spurt repeatedly into her mouth. When she finally straightened up, her lips were swollen and wet with come and her one fully exposed nipple was puffed and bruised. She looked up at the bartender and the obvious tent in his pants that he made no effort to hide, and teased him that he got his tip. He left to get us another round, on the house, he said.
Our friend shortly left us, saying that he had to go home. I moved next to Sonja and slid my hand up her short skirt and she immediately opened her thighs to welcome my finger into her very very wet pussy. The bartender wouldn't leave us alone and came over with yet another round, on the house again. I kept fingering her as he drooled at Sonja's sexily exposed breasts and thighs; by now, the little dress didn't cover much of her. He kept purposely aiming his conspicuous hard on at Sonja as obviously as he dared. I thought it unlikely that having gone this far tonight, Sonja would refuse this other temptation so close at hand, and indeed she gestured to him to approach, and I realized she was going to blow him too. As he stood closer to her, she fondled the bulge in his pants and bragged that she would make him come very fast but that he had to come in her mouth and not on her face or hair or dress. She deftly lowered his zipper and his erect cock slipped right out, and she wet her lips and mouthed its head hungrily and slid it into her mouth, looking up at him and me and smiling with her eyes. He tried to fondle her breasts but she didn't let him, and her skilled mouth made him come almost immediately, as she had promised. I kept fingering her and as the bartender came into her mouth, she came too, moaning softly, while his cock jerked and twitched come into her mouth.
I was saving myself for last. We walked out of the club, with several patrons ogling her as we went past them, as she was stumbling and had an almost bare breast poking out, her tiny dress was in disarray and pulled tight up to her hips, with the side slit stretched taut wide open, making it obvious she had no panties on. Her lips were swollen, her hair was disheveled, and her eyes had the half-closed look of spent lust. It was evident she had been playing around heavily just now, right inside the club...
In the car, I slid a hand up her thighs and fingered her again. Her pussy and thighs were wet like never before. She didn't bother to cover herself or even close her legs as we paid at the parking exit, and I realized that her exhibitionism not only turned her on but actually got her off. The attendant fumbled forever with the change because he couldn't keep his eyes off of her; he watched nearly paralyzed with lust as I fingered her again and again, and his watching almost got her over the edge, as she got wetter and wetter. We finally took off, and I kept one finger sliding in and out and over her wet clit. At the first traffic light, as we waited for it to change, she leaned back and closed her eyes and while I kissed and tongued her, she came again, this time in long incoherent moans, in synch with my fingers moving in and out of her pussy.
When we got home, we went straight to the bedroom. I wouldn't let her shower; she smelled of sex and come, and I almost burst when I kissed her and thrust my tongue into her mouth, knowing that she had just sucked two cocks with those same delicious lips I was tasting. As tired as she was, I had her straddle on top of me in my favorite position, with her lips and breasts and nipples within reach of my mouth and my hands on her hips while my cock pumped in and out of her tight, super slick pussy. We both came together, her third for the night, and we fell asleep all tangled up, with come and sex juices and smell all over us.
I woke up in the morning with my semi-hard cock nestled against her ass, and she stretched against me and purred that we had to do this again, soon. Yep, I said, as I inhaled her scent and moved a hand to her delicious breasts.
To be continued...