My cock had just taken a proverbial beating when Ellie'd rode me like a bucking horse in front of her sister about five minutes back, but when she told me she was going to make it her bitch, it definitely twitched when she said, 'bitch.'
Still, I felt a bit guilty for getting swindled into taking a second consecutive sky-ride with Rachel, but without Ellie. She fooled us all, but judging from Ellie's facial expressions as she watched us float away, she may not have shared the same point of view. I gave my best shoulder shrug with my arm and head out the window, hoping it communicated, "I did not mean for this to happen, nor was I a participant in the planning process and I hope to see you soon" that I meant it to. I wasn't terribly confident.
I turned my attention back inside the car as we leveled out and my eyes found my girlfriend's sister in her birthday suit, one leg swung open, the other propped up on her foot, which was resting on the seat with her. It was a sight, to be sure. My cock twitched again, stronger this time.
"Hello." Was all I could manage to say.
"What, exactly, do you think you're doing, mister?" Rachel asked as I surveyed her body up and down. It was hot, and the car was only cooled by the breeze that went through the windows. There wasn't much of a breeze, so she had a sheen across her entire body, and sweat was starting to bead up and roll down her untanned tits, her toned abs, her wide open legs, across her completely waxed pussy.
"I, umm, don't really know." I told her.
"Alright, well here's what is going to happen. I'm going to get my way. I always get my way and you know this. So does my sister." I nodded along, agreeing that all of this was true. "Now, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way. I don't much mind either way, but we only have limited time on this ride, so I'm going to make you a deal." She said.
"A deal?" I asked, confused.
"Yes, Monty, a deal. You don't resist, and agree to do this the easy way and in exchange I will tell my sister you put up a BIG fight, protesting most of the time and that I just got to cop a feel while you fended me off. How's that sound?" She asked. It was a good offer. And she was right, things that my girlfriend and her sister did not want to happen were, in fact, going to happen. Why not enjoy it?
"Fine. Deal." I said.
"Well?" She asked, tapping her toe.
"What? Oh, yeah." I realized I wasn't holding up my end of the bargain. I took off my shirt, then my shorts and underwear in one motion. I was nearly hard again, and despite also being stark naked, sweat was starting to pour off me as well. I grabbed my cock and started to jerk myself to her naked body.
"Oh, hell no. You don't get all the fun again. Hands off!" She shooed my hands away with hers and dropped to her knees in front of me, taking me fully in her mouth right away. She bobbed up and down, I rested my hand on the back of her head and guided her pace. She kept at it for a little while longer, then popped her head up with an audible popping sound.
"It's probably better if you keep your hands off altogether, that way you can claim some kind of innocence in this and still be convincing. You're a terrible liar." She was mostly right, I was a pretty bad liar.
"Just like at the club." I said, and sat on my hands. She slapped me across the face for that.
"I'm no stripper! I'm hotter than they are and you can have me!" She said, then climbed on top of me to straddle me and position the head of my cock at her opening. She used her hand to brush it back and forth across her lips and worked herself up. She was hot and very wet from watching us and playing with herself. She dropped down, and like with her mouth took me in all at once. I felt her flex her pussy as she landed, tensing up then slowly releasing. I moaned, she gasped.
"Holy....shit." She uttered after she recovered from her immediate orgasm. "You're, uh, bigger than what I'm used to." She said.
"Just relax and get used to it until that initial shock passes." I told her. She slapped me again.
"You don't tell me what to do. I'm the one in control, I'm the one that gets to use my hands and it's my pussy you're inside of. My rules." She said.
"Didn't you have a concern with time?" I asked her, smirking. Once again, she slapped me.
"No talking back." She told me.
"Ah, you know, if you keep doing that I'm going to start responding in kind." I said, and she was taken aback. "I don't slap, but I do spank. Hard." I said as I thrust up into her. She lost her breath before she could come back at me.
She started to work me, slowly at first, but building up in pace.
"God...you...feel....so....good!" She yelled in between bounces. The car was rocking pretty steadily, and I could tell it must have been making the entire line bounce. Rachel must have had the same thought, because she slowed down her fucking, looked in my eyes and began to play with her tits, rolling one nipple between her thumb and forefinger, her stare intensifying when she pinched down.
I leaned forward and grabbed onto her hand with my teeth and pulled it off her tit, then I took her nipple in my mouth and sucked gently, my teeth coming to rest on her nipple. The anticipation of a bite is often more stimulating than the bite itself, so I just rolled her nipple back and forth across my front teeth. She breathed more heavily, taking her full right tit in her hand and squeezing. She was trembling, then shuddering as she bounced up and down on my cock. I could feel her tightening up as she neared orgasm and wanted to push her, so I bit down on her nipple. Enough for shock value, but not too hard. She cried out, grabbed both tits and grinded against me as she came.
"Turn around." I told her, "I want to watch your ass as you ride me." She slowly cracked open her eyes and smiled as if she'd just woken up. I expected a protest, but she was compliant. She stood up, turned around, bent over to steady herself on the opposing bench seat and lowered herself onto me again.
"I might need a second to recover before I go again." She said, almost pleading.
"You're the one that said we're short on time. But, I'll busy myself while you get your composure back." I told her, and started to play with her ass cheeks.
"Hey, no hands." She said, and I ignored her.
"No, I don't think so. You're in no position to resist or to slap me." I said. Again, no resistance. She was enjoying herself. I was about to do the same. I pulled each her legs up on either side of me so she straddled my lap. I wet my thumb in my mouth, building up a thick layer of spit and went straight to her clean little asshole with it and started to play, rubbing lightly in little circles.
"What...you...oh..." Was all she could manage as I rubbed my thumb around her asshole. She started to play with herself, rubbing her clit and I reached up and grabbed one hand, then the other and held them together with one hand while I continued to work her ass with my other hand. She leaned forward more and more until I was supporting most of her weight by holding on to her wrists. I took my hand away from her ass long enough to guide my cock to her pussy, then "encouraged" her down onto me. She accepted my cock more easily this time, all at once with a small gasp at the end. I spit down into her ass crack and resumed rubbing her asshole with my thumb.
"Ohhhh...ley fuck!" She said, shaking with an impending orgasm. The car rocked in response to all the motion, I was sure she was audible well outside the car but I didn't care. I just pushed my thumb further and further into her ass as her orgasm built up stronger and stronger. I worked my thumb in and out of her ass in opposite time with my cock in her pussy, ramping up in pace. She used her legs to push up and thrust down onto me, slamming into me even harder.
"Where do you want me to come?" I asked her.
"Come all on my ass, I want your hot come all over my ass!" She yelled, adding, "But not yet!" I let go of her hands, she pushed herself up for support and then used my now free hand to drop down and spank her still pink ass.
"Soon?" I asked. She reached back, grabbed my neck and pulled herself back to me and whispered in my ear, "Sooner, if you keep that up." I pushed her back down to expose her ass, then spanked her again on her left cheek at the same time as thrusting my thumb into her ass. Her pussy tensed up and I felt myself getting very close. I spanked her again, she cried out, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" and I began spanking her at each yes, a little harder each time.
I spanked her one more time and she stopped saying yes, she stopped bouncing and just shook, her pussy tightened around my cock. I slowly withdrew my thumb from her ass and just held her there. Again she leaned back and whispered in a soft, raspy voice like warm whiskey and said, "Come for me, now." It was all I needed. I pushed her down once again, pulled my cock from her pussy just in time for my cock to explode all over her ass. It was like I hadn't come in months, it just kept going and going.
She reached back and rubbed the come into her ass, forming a full sheen across her ass cheeks, rubbing it into her asshole, lightly fingering her ass as both of our orgasms trailed off.
"Too bad you don't have your phone, eh? You could take a picture of that for your spank bank.
"Trust me." I told her, "I won't be forgetting this any time soon. Now get up and get dressed, I don't think your trick will work again. We also have to see if we can find your sister without the aid of phones. If she even wants to be found."
"Oh, she will." Rachel said with a devilish grin. She cleaned herself off again with my boxers, and slipped her dainty clothes back on.
She was right, too, as we neared the end of the ride we could see both Ellie and guy waiting for us, not looking terribly happy. But also not as mad as we thought they'd be. Rachel seemed to notice it, too"
"What do you suppose they've been up to?" Rachel asked.
"I guess we're about to find out." I answered as the door opened for us to finally exit the sexiest ride at the fair.