ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
-------------------------------------------------------
"Of course you can go. Why would I mind you going to a strip club?"
I hadn't been to a strip club in years. But my new friend and coworker Mike had invited me to go with him for the evening.
It's not that I expected Jenna to object, really. But Trish had gone home Wednesday night, (with the promise to return on Saturday and spend the weekend,) and while Jenna seemed to be in good spirits considering the drama her mother and her pervert boyfriend had put her through, I was wary of leaving her alone. She also had her period, and hadn't been feeling well the past few days.
"Look, seriously, just go," said Jenna. "I'm glad you made a friend. You need to get out more, do GUY things."
"I appreciate that," I said. "And you're right. But I was worried about, well....first, leaving you by yourself. And second, that you'd..."
"What, object to you seeing some tits and ass?" Jenna broke in. "Are you planning on fucking any of them?"
"No, of course not!"
Jenna's trademark grin lit up her face. "Then go! Enjoy! Have a few beers, stick some dollars in some G-strings! Get a lap dance! Find a dancer with bigger boobs than mine and motorboat her! I won't mind."
"You'll be okay by yourself for the night?" I asked.
Jenna sighed, but her smile remained. "I'm fine. Truly. In fact, I think I'll use the alone time to work on my Only Fans content. I've been neglecting it all week. Although I can only do so much until my period is over."
Jenna took my hand. "Look, you go check out some strippers. I'll be checking messages and flirting with customers."
Her hand dropped to my crotch, rubbing it as she licked her lips. "And maybe when you get home I'll take care of you."
"Deal," I grinned. I pulled her to me, our bodies close, and kissed her hard.
I suppose before I go any further, I need to provide a little background.
I work for a company that sells and installs fire alarm systems. While I do work on some installations and repairs, my main job is to inspect them. The state requires all public buildings to have their fire systems inspected annually to make sure they are maintained and in proper working order by an outside contractor.
That's where I come in. I spend most of my days on the road, traveling around to various companies, schools, churches, hotels, shopping centers etc. Some days I'd spend at one large location, others traveling around inspecting several smaller ones.
It's a pretty easy job, although rather dull and routine. But at least I'm not trapped in a cubicle somewhere.
Mike was hired a few weeks ago to be my assistant. The idea was for him to help me on the larger inspections and, once fully trained, to be able to go out on his own and take some of the smaller jobs off my plate.
For now, he'd been riding with me everyday in my company truck.
We hit it off pretty quickly, despite him being several years younger. It began easily enough with both of us having the same tastes in the classic rock music we'd listen to while traveling around. We also bonded over football, both fans of the same team.
I hadn't had a male friend....hell, I hadn't really had ANY friends in quite a long time. But after my conversation with Jenna awhile ago about our futures and trying new things, I'd decided to open myself up to the possibility.
So when he invited me to his place a few Saturdays ago to play some pool, I accepted.
There I met his wife Ellie, a lovely woman, and their teenage daughter, Megan.
We spent the afternoon hanging out in his basement "man cave," playing pool and drinking a few beers. Later, Ellie cooked us a wonderful dinner.
Naturally, they asked questions about my life and relationship status. It was the only time I felt uncomfortable. While not wanting to lie, I also wasn't quite ready to share everything. I did tell them about Jenna, that we were a relatively new couple, but didn't go into too many details on how we met. Nor did I discuss the age difference.
"Well, she sounds like a lovely woman," Ellie said, "Perhaps next time she can join us, I'd love to meet her."
"She's...away for the summer, visiting family," I said, keeping as close to the truth as I could without getting into details, "but sure, when she gets back, that would be nice."
The words surprised me even as they left my lips. Would I actually be comfortable bringing my just turned twenty year old girlfriend over? They didn't seem like the judgemental types, but still, I'm sure they'd think it odd.
Or maybe I was still just projecting my own fears and insecurities.
I was a little surprised when Mike had suggested going to the strip club Friday night. "Ellie doesn't mind that kind of thing?" I asked tentatively. I didn't want to make him uncomfortable about it if he was sneaking around without his wife's permission.
To my relief, he laughed. "Oh no, she doesn't care, trust me. She's very...understanding about it. Look, I don't want you to get the wrong idea. I love my wife, and we're very happy together. And she understands a man's needs. It's not like I go to strip clubs all the time. I just thought it would be fun, but if you're not into it, or your girlfriend has a problem with it, I get it, no biggie. Just an idea."
"Oh, I doubt Jenna would object," I said. "But..." I paused for a moment, considering just how much I wanted to tell him.
Fuck it. If I was trying to make an actual friend, lying to him wasn't a great way to start.
"Jenna's back from visiting her mother," I explained. "There was, unfortunately, some...drama. Personal stuff. So she came back early. She's..." Again I hesitated, because I knew the more details I gave, the more questions I'd probably get.
"She's staying with me for now, until she goes back to college in the fall. And I'm just worried about leaving her alone at the moment."
As expected, Mike looked surprised. "You're dating a college girl???"
I nodded and smiled sheepishly, waiting for his reaction.
Mike was silent for a few moments, considering this revelation. Then broke into a wide grin. "Damn! Good for you, dude." To my surprise, he asked no further, prying questions.
Instead, he simply said, "Well, talk it over with her I guess, and let me know. I'll understand if she's not cool with it, or you decide the timing is bad."
Jenna was, of course, "cool with it." And so Mike and I met at the club around 8 PM, each of us having taken an Uber. We didn't plan on drinking heavily, or at least I knew I didn't, but it was the safest option and ensured neither of us would be driving home later after "one too many."
8 PM was still rather early as strip clubs go; the crowd usually not packing in until later. But that was fine with us. "I can't be out too late," explained Mike. "Ellie is understanding, as I said, but I don't want to take advantage. Besides, she's usually waiting up for me, if you know what I mean."
"Oh, I get it," I chuckled. "Jenna has suggested she might be 'waiting up' for me when I get home, too."
Mike laughed. Clapping me on the shoulder, he led me to the bar. "Come on, the first round is on me."
It was a pretty nice place as strip clubs go, clean and upscale, but not outrageously expensive.
There was currently only one dancer on the stage, a young black woman with massive tits and incredibly thick ass. She was currently topless, stripped down to only a G-string. From what I recalled of the place, that was legally as far as they could go, at least on stage. The lap dance booths and VIP rooms were a different matter, depending of course on how well you tipped.
We hadn't even ordered our drinks yet, but Mike was already waving the dancer over, extending a crisp dollar bill in her direction.
"Hey handsome, welcome," she purred, already pouring it on. Turning, she pointed her dark, plump ass towards Mike, who immediately slid his tip into her G-string.
She next turned to me, dangling her lovely breasts close enough for me to place my obligatory tip in her warm, slightly sweaty cleavage.
"Thanks, sugar; if you want a lap dance later, I'll be available in a bit," she offered with a sultry smile.
I nodded politely, groaning inwardly. I'd forgotten just how fast they went for your wallet. Still, I knew that going in, right? I suppose I just needed to lighten up and roll with it.
And by the time our second round of drinks arrived, I had. The parade of girls seemed almost endless, with each new dancer arriving on stage, dancing and stripping down from their wild assortment of outfits to the lingerie concealed beneath, then finally to nothing but their bikini bottoms or G-string before gathering up the pile of bills tossed on stage by the growing crowd of increasingly excited and intoxicated men.
After stepping off stage, they'd then of course make the rounds, soliciting more tips from the patrons and offering lap dances or visits to the backrooms.
While I'd managed so far to decline any lap dances, I'd relaxed enough to enjoy myself, and the attention from the ladies as they ground up against us, teasing us with their wares.
While there were a variety of beautiful women, all shapes, sizes and colors, none of them really caught my eye, maybe because I knew I had a cute little redhead waiting for me at home.
We'd just gotten round three when the DJ introduced the next dancer: "Guys, put your hands together and make some noise for Blondie!"
My heart skipped a beat as the long legged, big busted blonde took the stage in her school girl outfit. "I know her!" I thought.
She took the pole, wrapped her legs around it and began a slow grind. Flipping her gorgeous locks back, she turned her head, and her blue eyes met mine. Her brightly glossed lips smiled in recognition.
It was Tammy! One of the young ladies Michelle had invited to the Girls Night / Birthday party for Jenna.
"Blondie" never missed a beat as she launched into her routine, gyrating on the pole, then lifting her plaid skirt to reveal the hot pink G-string beneath it, shaking her firm, tight ass to loud hoots and hollers.
Strutting with confidence across the stage, she slowly unbuttoned her billowing white uniform shirt, pulling it open to reveal a matching pink bustier. Her breasts bounced with every movement as she continued to dance and writhe.
Tammy made her way directly in front of me, bending over and giving me an incredible view of her cleavage before deftly turning on her heels, reaching behind her, and unzipping the bustier.
It dropped to the floor as she spun again, her hands now over her breasts. She did a lap around the stage, still holding her breasts as the men rained dollars upon her, stopping again directly in front of me before arching her back and tossing both hands straight up in the air in Victory formation, revealing her spectacular, natural boobs fully to the crowd.
Tammy looked down at me with a knowing grin. I couldn't help but smile as I reached out and offered her a tip.
She bent low and wrapped her breasts around my hand, trapping the bill between them and pulling it free. She dropped me a quick wink, then made her way around the stage, collecting more tips.
For her finale, she again took center stage and slowly pulled off the skirt. Standing clad now only in the miniscule G-string, she grabbed hold of the pole then dropped to a crouch, her legs swinging open and closed, teasing the audience.
Dropping to her hands and knees, she crawled across the stage as still more money flew onto it, again stopping right in front of me. Rolling over to her back, she spread her legs wide, lifting them almost straight up in the air.
The tiny piece of fabric she wore barely concealed her cleft. Her smooth, plump vulva, however, were clearly visible, damp with the sweat of her exertions. The natural blonde pubic hair I'd noticed under the lingerie she'd been wearing at the party was now gone, leaving her rounded pubic mound smooth and bare.
Tammy, AKA "Blondie," sat up and, again making eye contact with me, reached between her legs and ran two fingers along the edge of the thin strip of cloth covering her slit and, for just a moment, I thought I could make out a hint of her labia.
Then she was up and moving around the stage, collecting still more money, before taking the pole one last time and performing an almost gymnastic routine that whipped the crowd into a frenzy.
She finished her routine to loud cheers and a rain of cash tossed onto the stage. Quickly, she gathered up the money as the DJ introduced the next dancer.
"Dude, I think she really likes you," Mike's voice was close in my ear, speaking loudly over the din. "If you don't get a lap dance from her, I sure as hell will!"
I debated on telling Mike I knew her, but instead just smiled and laughed. "Well, maybe."
I lost track of Tammy once she left the stage, and was wondering if she'd make her way over at some point or intentionally avoid us. She didn't seem at all embarrassed to have recognized me, but that didn't mean she necessarily wanted to actually talk to me.
Then I spotted her, making the rounds at the bar, coaxing tips from the guys one by one. She was wearing only the bustier, G-string, and heels.
Eventually she made her way to us. "Tommy!" she exclaimed, throwing her arms around me. The shocked look on Mike's face was almost priceless.
"Hey, Tammy, I didn't know you worked here."
"Yeah, just started this summer; a girl's gotta make a living," she said with a grin.
"You two know each other?" Mike broke in.
Tammy laughed. "Yeah, well, sorta. We met at his girlfriend's birthday party. It was...quite the night."
I laughed nervously, hoping she wouldn't start going into details. "Yeah, it was. Oh, and by the way, this is Mike, a buddy of mine from work."
"Hey, Mike, nice to meet you," she purred, giving him a hug, then turned so her ass faced him and bent forward slightly.
Mike stared blankly at her round, tan bottom for a moment before remembering to tip.
To my surprise, Tammy then plopped herself in my lap and wrapped an arm around my shoulder. "Do me a favor? Buy me a drink? The manager doesn't like us socializing with the customers too long, but if you buy me a soda, I can stay and chat for a bit."
I flagged the bartender down and ordered her soda, which arrived promptly.
"So how's Jenna? I guess you don't get to see her much since she went home?" Tammy asked.
"She's fine," I replied, "she's actually staying with me for the summer now."
"Really? That's great," exclaimed Tammy. "Maybe we can get together again sometime! You know...hang out."
If Mike picked up on the innuendo behind the way she stressed those last two words, or the wink she dropped me, he didn't show it. "Sure," I replied, "I'm sure Jenna would be happy to see you."
Tammy remained on my lap for several minutes, sipping her drink slowly as we chatted amicably. She did most of the talking, really, and while I nodded and smiled and interjected when appropriate, I found it difficult to truly pay attention to what she was saying.
The scent of her perfume, mixed with her perspiration from her earlier exertions, was intoxicating. Then there was the way she'd shift her body on my lap as she spoke or laughed, her breasts occasionally brushing against my chest, and her all but naked ass pressed firmly on my groin. I could feel the warmth of her soft bare skin under my arm, wrapped as it was around her waist, although I made sure my hand traveled no further than her hip as I held her.
My cock was definitely noticing all of this as well, and reacted accordingly.
Tammy squirmed yet again on my lap as she leaned closer to speak directly in my ear. "If you're interested, and it's not too weird for you, I'd love to take you to the VIP room. Don't worry, I can get you a 'special discount.'"
I wasn't at all sure how to handle this invitation. Noticing my hesitation, Tammy continued, "Look, I'm not trying to do anything that would get you in trouble with Jenna, I promise."
"I really appreciate the offer," I smiled nervously, "just...let me think about it, okay?"
"Sure," said Tammy, "no problem. I get it. Tell ya what, let me finish my rounds, collect a few more tips, and I'll be back in a bit."
Tammy hopped off my lap, gave me a quick peck on the cheek, and was off.
Mike was staring at me, wide eyed, with a huge grin. "Dude. I think she's really into you." I had no idea how to respond to that other than shrug and sip my drink.
My phone started buzzing in my pocket. It was a text from Jenna: "Hey, I'm suddenly not feeling well, so I think I'm gonna crash early. Sorry, I know I said I'd wait up. I'll make it up to you, I promise."
"Excuse me, I'll be right back," I told Mike, then made my way outside to call Jenna.
"You okay?" I asked when she picked up.
"I'm fine, just...cramps. They're usually gone by now. But I'll live, nothing I haven't dealt with before."
"I can come home early if you'd like," I said.
"No, stay, have fun, please," Jenna said. "Find yourself a cute stripper you can jerk off to later. I just feel bad I'm not up to taking care of you tonight myself."
"Don't worry about that, darlin', just get some rest. Hey, speaking of cute strippers, you'll never guess who I ran into. Turns out Tammy works here."
"Really?" Jenna gasped. "Wow, that's wild. That must have been weird, running into her like that."
"Yeah, but she seemed fine with it. She even..." I paused for a moment, then decided it was best to be honest. "She even invited me for a VIP dance."
"Did you do it?" Jenna asked, not sounding upset or on guard at all.
"No, not yet," I said. "Although being honest, I was considering it. Glad you texted, because I wanted to run it by you first."
I could almost see Jenna's smile as she sighed. "I already told you: have fun. My only rule is she doesn't fuck you, okay?"
"Don't worry, I don't think that's her intent, and it's certainly not mine." I assured her.
"Then go enjoy yourself, cowboy."
I returned to the bar to discover Mike missing. Looking around, I spotted him on one of the couches, getting a lap dance from the busty young black woman we encountered when we first arrived.
I'd just finished my drink and was about to order another when I felt an arm slide around my waist. "Hey," said Tammy, "You still thinking it over, or...?"
Her smile was brilliant and genuine. I couldn't resist. "I'd love to," I said.
Tammy took my hand and led me past the couches where several dancers were performing. I caught Mike glancing my way and gave him a quick nod before Tammy pulled me along still further, down the hall that led to the "VIP Area."
"You'll have to pay the bouncer twenty bucks, that's the minimum cover, but the rest is on me, okay?" Tammy said.
I gave the huge, muscular man a fresh twenty, then Tammy leaned up to him, whispered in his ear for a few moments, then produced a small wad of cash from the little purse she'd been carrying it and handed it to him. He gave her a knowing smile and a nod, then opened the door to the room.
"Have fun, my man," he said as we passed through, then closed the door.
The room was small, dimly lit, but clean, with a dancer pole in center and a small leather ( or more likely faux leather) couch against the far wall. The walls were covered with mirrors. On the left side was a door marked with the universal symbol for a restroom. Speakers mounted in the upper corners pumped in the music, but at a much lower volume than the main stage.
As Tammy led me to the couch, I asked, "Why did you pay him?"
"Oh, just to make sure we weren't bothered for a while. Twenty is the minimum charge for fifteen minutes, but I told him you're a friend and I didn't want to rush things."
"You didn't have to..."
"Oh, hush," she laughed, gently nudging me down on the couch. "It's been a really good night, I don't mind."
She stood directly in front of me, a vision of beauty in her pink bustier and G-string. "So, normally, for the lap dances, we have to keep the G-string on. But back here, well..." Slowly, she unzipped the bustier, tossing it aside, then spun around and began to slide the G-string down. "...we can get away with a bit more."
She stepped deftly out of the miniscule garment and turned to face me, now completely nude except for her heels.
Even in the dim lighting, her body was radiant, and I drank her in. From her skin tone, she must have been spending some time in the sun, but had no obvious tan lines. Her breasts were flawless, her stomach flat and firm, her legs long and slender.
But it was her pussy that drew my strongest gaze. I recalled the glimpse I'd gotten in the sheer lingerie she'd worn at the party, how her fine blonde pubes had tantalized me along with the hint of her sweet pink cleft.
Bare of all hair, and clothing, that cleft was now fully visible and, I noted with some delight, glistening with a sheen of sweat. Or perhaps, something else.
When my eyes finally found her beautiful blue ones again, she gave me a lascivious smile. "I'd ask if you like what you see, but it's already pretty obvious you do."
Spinning the G-string on her finger, she tossed it to me. "Hold on to this for me, will ya?"
Dropping me a playful wink, she took to the pole and began to dance sensually. She moved with a graceful ease, and surprised me with several rather complicated and flexible maneuvers that left me both highly impressed and incredibly aroused.
"You're really good at this," I marveled as she finished a complex twirl that left her hanging from the pole with both legs open wide. Flexing her inner muscles, both her vaginal opening and her tiny pink anus appeared to almost wink at me.
"Thanks," she laughed as her legs finally dropped to the floor, "I took a lot of gymnastics back in high school."
"Well it's no wonder you make such good money here," I grinned.
"Oh, you ain't seen nothing yet," she purred.
Dropping to all fours, she crawled seductively towards me, her breasts jigging with each movement, until she reached my legs. Grabbing my calves, her hands slid slowly upwards as she raised herself up to her knees before me.
She stopped at my inner thighs. "Look, I don't usually concern myself about this too much with other customers, but since I know your girlfriend, I have to ask. I wanna have some fun, but I also don't want to cross any lines you and Jenna may have. I don't want to cause any trouble between you two."
"If it helps," I smiled reassuringly, "I spoke to her earlier about it. Her only real rule was that we don't, well..."
"Fuck?" Tammy finished for me. "Oh, don't worry about that. I couldn't do that here, even if I wanted to. I could get in a lot of trouble."
Her hands began to move again, firmly massaging my thighs. "I didn't bring you back here to fuck you, or even blow you. I just..."
She paused, and even in the dim lighting I thought I could see her cheeks flush. "When I saw you at the bar, I remembered how much fun I had at the party, and how I kinda regretted not getting a little closer to, well, this..." Her hands moved up and over the bulge of my crotch, causing my already throbbing cock to jump beneath my jeans.
Her eyes met mine and she gave me a demure smile. "So I figured I had a chance to make up for it tonight," she continued as her hands caressed me, "I really did enjoy seeing you walk around with a hard-on all night. And I enjoyed the way you looked at me a couple of times, too. It really turned me on. And, in a way, it kinda prepared me for working here," she laughed.
"Well, um, glad to have helped, I guess?"
Tammy kneaded my cock a few more times, then unsnapped my jeans and reached for the zipper. "So now I get my turn," she said. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna break any rules. Just relax and trust me, okay? I promise you'll love this."
Speechless, I could only nod as she slid my jeans down to my ankles. Her eyes fixed on the bulge in my boxer briefs. "Take your cock and point it upwards, towards your belly button," she instructed, "but leave it in your underwear, okay?"
Again I nodded and reached inside my briefs to adjust my straining member. Try as I might, though, I couldn't keep the tip of it from sticking out past the waistband.
Tammy looked at my swollen head and giggled. "That's always a problem with the bigger ones, but close enough. I'll just have to be...careful."
With that she stood, turned, and lowered her perfect ass over my lap.
I could feel the heat as her cunt made contact with my shaft, even through the cloth. Then she started to move, gliding up and down along the length. Ripples of pleasure ran through me every time her bare skin made contact with my exposed tip.
"Relax," she said softly, taking my hands and placing them on her hips, "no need to be so tense."
"Not...tense, just...not sure what my boundaries are."
"The rules back here are a little different than the regular lap dance," she explained. "Out there, I could grind up against you, but you couldn't touch me. Here, well, things are a little...looser. No direct genital contact, but other than that, well..."
Her hands again found mind and gently encouraged them upwards. Taking her hint I moved them to her breasts. I was amazed at how soft yet firm they were as I lightly squeezed them. She let out a soft moan as her nipples swelled to hard pebbles under my palms.
Tammy continued to work her hips expertly over my lap, my cock now straining in vain to escape the confines of my briefs. I noticed with both amusement and arousal that I'd left a small streak of precum at the top edge of her ass crack.
Tammy must have felt it. "Oh, you're not allowed to cum...yet. I'm not finished with you."
Hopping up, she again went to her knees and now dangled her breasts over my shaft, holding on to my thighs so she could rock them back and forth along my erection.
"Goddamn," I gasped, "you're one hell of a tease. Dunno how much more of this I can take."
"Aww, poor baby," she said with a sexy pout. "You wanna cum for me already?"
She stood and again straddled my lap, this time facing me. With her incredible breasts pushed into my face, she began to grind her hot, slick pussy along my shaft. On each upthrust, I could feel the soft, moist flesh of her clitoral hood brush against my cock head.
My hands found her ass and held there as her gyrations became more intense. Looking up, I found her watching me, her face now as flushed as mine, her breathing becoming heavier. "Don't...hold back," she panted, "let it happen...whenever you're...ready."
I held her gaze for a moment, then could not help but look down. The sight of her plump vulva, parted to either side of my shaft as she slid along its length, as well as the feel of it, hot and wet over the thin cloth, sent me over the edge.
Throwing my head back, I howled as my orgasm hit, hot cum spurting from my tip to coat my stomach, soaking into my shirt.
Tammy was squealing as well as she kept humping against me, and I felt my briefs becoming even damper as her body shook on my lap.
Finally she slowed, then stopped with a satisfied sigh. Giving me a peck on the cheek, she whispered in my ear, "That was great. Was it good for you?"
""Are you kidding?" I laughed. "That was incredible, Tammy. Thank you."
"My pleasure," she purred. Finding her still shaky legs, she stood, then gestured towards the restroom door I'd noticed earlier. "You can clean up in there. Sorry about the mess," she winked.
"Don't be," I grinned.
I managed to clean my shirt enough so that the stains wouldn't be noticeable in the dim lighting of the bar. I paused before zipping up my pants, and felt the damp spot of my boxers. My fingers came away wet and sticky with Tammy's intoxicating juices. I inhaled deeply, then tasted her sweetness before reluctantly washing my hands.
I exited the restroom to find Tammy dressed in her bustier and G-string. "Everything okay?" she asked.
"Nothing a little Tide won't fix," I joked.
Tammy laughed, then took my hand and led me back to the bar area.
Mike was at the bar, waiting for us with a wry grin.
Tammy gave me a warm hug and another quick peck on the cheek. "I'd stay and chat but I'm due on the stage again in a few and I need to...freshen up, and change my outfit. Maybe I'll see you again after?"
"Maybe," I said, checking the time, "not sure how much longer we're staying."
Tammy nodded. "I understand. Well, if I don't see you later, it was great seeing you. Maybe you can come back again sometime, maybe even bring Jenna."
"Sure," I said, not really sure. "I'll see if she's up for it sometime."
Tammy had just turned to go when I had a sudden thought. "Hey, wait," I called.
Reaching in my wallet, I pulled out my last twenty dollar bill. "Here," I said, pressing it into her hand, "I appreciate the discount dance, but I'd really feel like a jerk if I didn't at least tip you something for that."
Tammy smiled. "Aww. You didn't have to. But thanks."
I watched her saunter off, the beautiful curves of her ass swaying with each step, until she disappeared into the crowd.
"Wow," Mike's voice broke my trance. "She's really...something. I take it you had fun?"
I smiled widely. "I suppose you could say that."
Mike chuckled. "I'd stick around for her next set, but I'm tapped out. How 'bout you?"
Remembering my now empty wallet, I nodded. "Yeah, same. I think it's time to go."
Stepping outside into the warm summer night, we summoned our respective Uber rides. While we waited, Mike spoke up again. "I think that girl really likes you, dude. I mean, my stripper was friendly, too, but only until my money ran out."
"Well, we do know each other," I said. "Well, kinda. Only met her once, at Jenna's birthday party."
"Well, you must have made some kind of impression on her at that party to warrant the VIP treatment," Mike laughed.
"I suppose so," I shrugged. While it was great to finally have a guy friend, I wasn't quite ready to share the entire story with him just yet. He probably wouldn't believe me anyway.
***
I arrived home just a few minutes after midnight to find Jenna curled up in my bed.
I took a quick shower to wash the sweat and the scent of perfume off me. As I gathered up my clothes, I again examined my boxers. Tammy's juices had dried, but her scent remained strong on them.
I felt my cock begin to stir as I inhaled her fragrance, but decided it had seen enough action for one evening.
Besides, I had a beautiful, loving little redhead waiting for me in my bed. If she wasn't up for anything tonight, she might be tomorrow, and I wanted to be fresh for her if she was.
I crept quietly into my room and, still naked, slid into bed beside Jenna.
She stirred, sensing my presence. "Hey, you. Did you have fun?" Her words were a mumbled, sleepy whisper.
"Yes," I replied softly.
Jenna gave a little smile. "Good," she sighed, eyes still closed. "Tell me about it tomorrow?"
I kissed her forehead lightly. "Of course, darlin'. Go back to sleep."
Jenna sighed and snuggled against me, her soft snores signaling she was already there.
I lay awake for several minutes, just watching her sleep, until my eyelids felt heavy and, snuggling closer to her, I fell into slumber as well.
******************************************
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
Not really much to say except that, while my writing has slowed down, I still have more stories to tell.
As I've mentioned before, I want to, for the most part, keep to themes of voyeurism and exhibitionism in this series.
That means I'm not going to write about EVERY time Tom and Jenna simply have sex together. Although those sessions will be included when it feels right, of course.
I knew going in that it would be Tammy he would encounter at the club. What I wasn't sure of was just how far things would go.
But, checking the timeline I've established, I realized it fell within the timeframe of when Jenna has her period, roughly the last week or so of the month. And in the spirit of realism I TRY to keep with this series, I have to acknowledge and include that.
So that's why Jenna didn't come along to the club, (plus, she really did want Tom to go have a Guys Night,) and it's also gives Tom the freedom ( with Jenna's blessing) to allow himself to be made to orgasm, knowing there was no need for him to save it until he got home.
I suppose I still could have had him come home to find Jenna waiting to give him a sloppy blowjob if nothing else, but again, I prefer a more realistic approach.
Besides, he may still get that blowjob, or more, in the morning, if Jenna feels up to it.
Especially after he tells her all the fun details about his "VIP" treatment.
Hopefully you all enjoyed the story as much as I know she will when she wakes up.
To be continued...