I would like to thank Bry1977 for reviewing my story and making required changes as it is his help, which made it possible to get my story published.
Eliza and the Family Holiday - The Journey
Before jumping into the story let me give you a little introduction to the characters of this story.
I am James, I arrived at my parents' house last night to be at our family cabin for the holidays this summer. My parents, Jaz and Michale are both over the moon because they just expanded their business to a new city. They own a strip/sex club and have ambitions to take their business to other parts of Europe as well. My younger brother David has been too busy with girls to find a serious job. I tried to convince him to come live with me and work in my company but he would not agree. Lastly my younger sister Eliza (we usually called her Eli) who is the apple of everybody's eye. I had not seen her in the last 2 years and I was really looking forward to seeing my sweet little sister.
Mom cooked us all a very special dinner and we were sitting at the dinner table waiting for my sister to arrive as she had spent the night at her boyfriend's place. Out of all of us I was looking forward to seeing her the most, but at the same time I was also cursing her for being late because it was difficult to keep my hands off the dinner.
After a while I heard a loud bike and mom said, "there she comes."
Soon as I looked at Eliza I froze in my seat because the last time I saw her she was not as pretty as she was now. She has transformed into a goddess, if I say she is a replica of Kelly Brook it wouldn't be so wrong. She was wearing a pink V neck top and shorts. I couldn't take my eyes away from her big tits jiggling as she was walking but soon my daydream vanished as she gave me a hug and her beautiful voice said, "dear brother I missed you so much, it seems like ages since I last saw you." Then she started rubbing her hand on my biceps saying, "wow your muscles got bigger."
Looking at her sweaty top I asked if she was coming from the gym and needed a shower? She looked at her boyfriend and laughed and said, "no I don't." Then she introduced her boyfriend to me whose first words to me were, "hey I thought I would never see you but your sister is sexy enough to make me not think of others." He then kissed her locking his lips onto her. I did not like him after that first look already and this comment just buried him for me. I never saw him before but I remembered my sister changed boyfriends maybe twice a year so I stopped bothering. Before I could say anything mom suggested we start the dinner.
I noticed that something was going on between Eliza and her boyfriend. I said, "are you okay Eli?"
She got up from her seat and sat on her boyfriend's lap and said, "now I am much better".
What surprised me even more was that dad was ok with this ugly looking guy. Usually my dad wouldn't allow Eli to date guys with tattoos and piercings but with this person, he was completely okay with. While eating I saw Eli's nipples started poking out of her top and her face was glowing red. Upon looking I saw her boyfriend's hand in her shorts.
Maybe he noticed me because he said, "James what's wrong didn't you like Michale's food? Come on enjoy man. Trust me I get the best type of tastes in your house." I wished I could punch him but instead of getting upset, I finished my portion and went in the kitchen to do the dishes.
Eliza also joined me after few minutes and asked, "where is my hot brother's girlfriend I keep hearing about?" and then she put her soapy hands on my arms and said, "gosh I wish I could eat you, she is so lucky."
I gave her a smile and said "I was looking forward to bringing her to our family reunion but unfortunately we broke off a couple months ago."
With that I naturally became sad and Eliza hugged me and said, "oh I am sorry I didn't know and assuming you are still single I can hook you up with plenty of girls here, not that you need my help, but hey what is a good sister for huh?"
I thanked her and told her not to bother but then her boyfriend appeared out of nowhere and spanked her butt saying, "hey you never hugged me like that babe." Then he pulled her on the side and, after a brief hug, he rolled up her top and started sucking on one of her tits, not even bothering that I was there but God her side boob looked amazing.
A little later we were all sitting together listening to dad and mom about tomorrow's plan, we had to travel in the car for hours to reach our family cabin where my uncles and their families would be joining us. David was to travel separate with his girlfriend in his car and Eliza and her boyfriend would also go on their own so it was just me, dad and mom with lots and lots of luggage.
Mom said, "son you would need to manage as there will only be a little space for you to sit due to the bags on the seat."
I said, "don't worry mom all I need is few books and I wont even realize where I will be sitting." Once all the modalities were decided everyone went off to their rooms except David who went out.
I was sharing the room with David and he wasn't home yet. I was badly bored, I thought to go to Eli's room to catch up with her but I thought she must be asleep so I remained in bed but I couldn't sleep either so I decided to boot up David's laptop to watch a movie. David never put passwords on his belongings, but he kept his secret items hidden. I knew where to look so I was going through those folders to find something interesting. I found some very sensual pictures of tits and pussy lips and I thought wow everyone has someone hot and sexy on their side here except me. However, I knew David's choice in girls was not that good because girls always tried to rip him off considering him more of a bank card than a lover but whoever he was banging now seemed worth spending money on.
I saw a folder named "Eli" and it got me curious so I opened it and what I found next shocked me. It had some selfies of Eli showing off her tits and ass and these pictures just striked so hard on my cock that it twitched. Eli was so sexy and so hot, she had this perfect hour glass figure. Her nipples were so pink with small areolas just like cherries or strawberries maybe. My hand went to press my cock on its own but then I stopped myself, thinking, 'What am I doing? Am I considering masturbating to pictures of my own sister?" So I just closed those pictures but I could not really get them off of my mind.
After a while as I was struggling to control my thoughts about Eliza's pictures I heard David with his girlfriend Sarah so I got up and sat on the chair with a book in my hand. Both of them entered the room and I said hi to Sarah who was happy to see me again. Most probably because I hosted them both quite luxurious dinners a few months back. She was a sexy brunette with a small set of tits and ass and I almost fucked her when she stayed over at my place with David. In a bit David took off his clothes and jumped in bed and asked Sarah to jump in as well.
Sarah looked at me with a smile on her face and I said, "don't worry when I stayed back here we used to sleep naked all the times so nothing new for him to hide from me ha ha."
She laughed, and stripping off to just a bra and panties she said, "so did you both ever...?"
I was like, "no no no never these 2 beds have been here for ages and we always slept in our own beds." We all laughed.
Sarah said, "James I hope you would be ok with us next to you" I looked at her questioning what she meant and she took off her bra and tossed it at me and said, "we have a little plan of something. If you know what I mean," and then she said, "or you could join us." I wasn't surprised at this because she was one of the strippers who worked in dad's sex club so she wasn't really shy about being with more than one guys and David would just be ok as long as he got to drill all her holes.
I got up from the chair and said, "I would love to but I better not ruin your plans, you guys keep on I will go watch tele downstairs and come back afterwards." I left them laughing as I came out. I went to the loo but as I opened the door I saw Eli on her knees and her boyfriend standing next to the toilet seat while Eli was blowing him so I quickly said sorry and closed the door and came downstairs and fell on to the couch. This was all too much for me especially because it had been a few months since I had sex last.
I rubbed my hand on my forehead and I was sweating. I just turned the tele on and started watching a recorded game of football to divert my attention. A few minutes later dad came and sat next to me asking why I was not sleeping to which I said, "I just wasn't feeling sleepy yet"
To which he got up and brought 2 beers from the refrigerator and passed one to me and said, "till you feel sleepy son."
Dad and I were discussing our business and his idea of opening up another club as he was asking me to take on the responsibilities of the family business.
All of a sudden Eli and her boyfriend came down speaking in loud voices, her boyfriend was carrying her in his arms, Eli was hanging by his neck completely naked except that she had a pair of thin panties on. He came walking down to dad and crashed next to him on the couch keeping Eli in his lap.
He started squeezing her tits and said, "do I also get a beer or do I squeeze it fresh from these melons?"
Dad laughed and offered him a beer immediately and said, "here you go son but if I were you I would go for ripe melons ha ha."
To which he said, "he needed to be somewhere 2 hours before but Eli made him so late already," and while saying this he spanked Eli's tits which were sort of wet and due to his spanking a couple drops came flying on me and I once again controlled my nerves because I assumed that must be his cum or some bodily fluids of them on her tits.
To my surprise dad just laughed and said, "you've found yourself a young and sexy girl so you better be in her good books." Then they both discussed few things between them which did not make any sense to me and he left.
Eli's boyfriend made her stand next to dad and got up to leave but then he pulled Eli's panties down and took it off completely and put it in his pocket saying, "I need this as a souvenir." While saying this he pushed his finger in Eli's pussy and played with it till his phone rang and he just left Eli like that and said see you tomorrow babe.
I knew being the owner of a sex club mom and dad never bothered about sexual stuff, I mean one could fuck Eliza or anyone anywhere in the house or just next to mom and dad they would never interfere. My mom and dad have been sexually open minded since forever and being in the industry made them even more liberal but spanking her tits or fingering her in front of dad just like that was a bit much for me. However, to my surprise dad did not bother even a little bit and was just smiling at a shocked Eli who had gotten a little horny now.
Dad asked Eli to sit down on the couch and clean up her tits and pussy to which she replied, "dad I know I have to, why do you always treat me like one of your hookers in club?"
Dad pulled her close, gave her a kiss on her cheek and said, "no sweetheart you are my angel how can you compare yourselves with those hookers ever? I only tell you because I care." She smiled and dad got up and told us good night and went to his room. My cock was trying to become hard by now so I quickly got up and went to the kitchen to get another beer.
When I was next to refrigerator Eli came over and hugged me from behind, her tits were pressing against my back and my cock felt an electric wave going through it. I put my hands on her and said, "how have you been Eli you seem to be quite occupied with your shit ass boyfriend which I hope will soon be kicked out.".
She laughed and said, "hey what's wrong with Brian huhh? I was looking at your face why were your expressions changing?"
I replied with a question of when is she leaving him and she said, "no I am not leaving him I think Brian is the one I needed and for your information I have been with him for almost 10 months now."
I was literally shocked to listen because the Eliza I knew couldn't be with the same person for more than few months. I turned around and said, "are you serious??"
I told Eliza how she was too pretty for him and he doesn't deserve to have her plus Eli could have any guy she wanted. I said "Eli you always had a magical effect on all the boys and I think now you will affect both boys and girls alike,"
She smiled and looking down at me she said, "does that mean my own brother as well huhh?"
I got embarrassed and said, "oh I am sorry but its not my fault. I hope you understand you being here with your tits open in front of me made this happen."
she was pointing to my hard cock which was now trying to burst out of my pyjamas. She laughed and said, "I know I know I was just joking come on lets go to my room and I will tell you why he is special to me," and she pulled me all the way up to her room.
She had posters of guys in briefs or naked showing their butts all over her room. There were some dildos, vibrators and anal beads on the table next to mirror. Seeing me looking at those she said, "hey ignore those come lets talk" and she pulled me on to the bed and sat beside me.
I said, "did you forget what dad asked you?"
She looked down at her tits, smile and said, "let me tell you a little secret, I like sleeping with some cum on my tits but if you want to clean it come on do it yourself then," and she kind of brought her tits forward towards me. Gosh her nipples were so hard and so pink that I almost pulled them but then I said, "well if you like it that way then who am I to complain?"
We chatted about so much stuff and when we fell asleep I have no idea but when I woke up she was kind of squeezed into me with her tits pressing against my arm. She had a hand on my cock which was now getting hard. I was grateful that I slept in my clothes while chatting with her because I have been sleeping naked since childhood and I don't know how I slept in pyjamas and a shirt this time.
I was thinking what to do when I heard mum knocking at the door and asking Eli to get her ass out of the bed and prepare for leaving. Mom opened the room door yelled again but she didn't peeked in. Eliza however got up and I pretended to be asleep. Eliza started rubbing her hand on my cock then she pushed it inside my pyjamas and touched my cock, which became rock hard at her touch but she said, "where did your hair go?" I got confused if she was really sleep talking or she was also pretending like me? But I soon got the answer as she quickly pulled her hand out and pulled herself away from me and talked to herself saying "oh gosh, what was I doing? What if James was awake before me and found my hand on his cock?"
I started moving a little as if I was awaking now. I saw her sitting next to me then while yawning I said, "good morning Eli I am sorry I slept here I have no idea when I fell asleep?"
Eliza bent a little and kissed me on my forehead but as she kissed my forehead her tits almost landed on my cheeks, she said, "even I don't know when we fell asleep James but I think I haven't slept that well in a long time"
I smiled and said "well I think I will have to tell you the same but hey I hope you didn't rub your boyfriend's cum on my face."
She punched me on my chest and pressed both her tits on my face as if smothering me with her tits. I screamed, "ok ok, are you trying to kill me now?"
She laughed and said, "I don't know about his cum but I think it is about to come out from somewhere else," and pointed at my morning wood.
I said, "sorry," and put my hand on it to hide it.
She laughed and pulled my hand off and said, "aww you look so cute being embarrassed."
Mom yelled at her again and I said, "get up before mom gets mad at you and dad starts fighting with her."
Everyone was just ready to leave, dad couldn't control himself and got up and gave a long kiss on mom's lips, Eliza and Sarah both said, "aww how cute." Mum was wearing a pretty mini yellow tube dress, while dad was dressed in blue shorts and a white polo shirt. David was in khaki shorts and no shirt, while Sarah looked sexy in a grey crop top and blue shorts. I was also wearing khaki shorts, but I had a t-shirt on. Meanwhile, Eliza looked the sexiest of us all, wearing a pink bra and a lilac mini skirt that barely covered her ass, revealing her red panties while she sat.
Soon, David left with Sarah, we were waiting for Eliza's boyfriend to come pick her up. She was excited to go on this long journey on a bike, but she received a call from him informing her that he wouldn't be able to come. Brian suggested she should go with dad and he would join us at the holiday home. She was very disappointed, but I said, "Hey, let's make this an opportunity to spend some more time together to share more from the last few years."
After everything was loaded in the car, we could not make space for Eliza, even though she wouldn't have taken up much room. However, we had too much luggage. She was almost about to cry that she would miss the annual family holidays because she could not fit in the car.
Mom then said, "James, why don't you help your sister and have her sit in your lap?"
Dad quickly responded, "Michael, it's a long journey. He won't be able to hold her throughout the journey."
I looked at Eli, and for a moment, her eyes filled with hope. But after hearing Dad's response, she became sad again. However, I held her hand and said, "Hey, it's okay, I can carry you, I think." She became so happy that she hugged me tightly and gave me a long kiss.
Eli was not really so heavy, instead she was fun to have in my lap because she was wearing a really nice perfume. I kept adjusting her whenever I felt my leg was getting tired. The only trouble I was having was that my cock wasn't going down. It was getting hard to hide it from Eliza; whenever she moved a little. I kept my hands on her ass to sort of lift her so she wouldn't come in the center of my lap. Mom kept looking back at us every now and then asking if we needed to rest.
After some time, dad moved the car to the resting point and asked us to have a little walk and see if we needed to buy anything from the shop as the next resting point is quite far. We moved out of the car as if we were escaping from prison.
It felt really good to walk around for a few minutes. We went into the shop to buy some snacks. The guy at the counter looked at Eli and asked me if she was a famous celebrity; he thought she was my girlfriend. I told Eliza, she smiled and said, "We can pretend to be girlfriend and boyfriend, can't we? You didn't tell him we are brother and sister, did you?"
I said, "no, I didn't."
She smiled and said, "better then,"
When we went to the counter to pay for the stuff we bought there was now another guy sitting with the first one who asked us to wait for a minute and then asked his colleague to guess who Eliza was. He thought for some seconds then with a voice full of joy he screamed some name and asked if she was her.
Eliza only smiled in reply, and the first guy asked, "Can we both take a picture with you?" Eliza allowed them, but after taking a few pictures, they seemed hesitant and it felt they want to say something so I asked them what else they wanted, and the second guy said, "Usually, she lets fans take a picture of her iconic pose and they are waiting for that."
I asked what the pose was, and he looked at me as if I had lost my mind.
But then he explained it to me and said, "Well, the pose where she pulls down her bra and let the fans take pictures with her tits.
I was like, "what? Who are you mixing her with?"
The first guy quickly showed us a picture of a girl who actually resembled Eli a bit too much, and then he said, "She is new, but she has become a famous porn star".
Eliza angrily said, "Do I look like a porn star to you, huh?"
Then the first guy responded with, "we did not mean to disrespect you. I told your boyfriend earlier that you resembled this new movie star so much, plus she dresses up just like you, which is the reason we got confused."
She then said, "It's ok, I was just messing with you."
The second guy then said, "So, can we take a picture with your bosoms?"
Eliza looked at me, smiled, and said, "Okay, sure." Then she took her hand behind her back, unclasped her bra, and took it off in just a blink of an eye. They both made selfies with her separately, then together, and then they took the liberty and both put their hands on her tits and asked me if I could take the picture. They didn't stop just there; they also asked her if they could make a picture while they were sucking her nipples, and Eli allowed that too. My cock had become hard as an iron rod now. I left her there with them and went to the loo to pee, thinking it would go down after peeing.
When I came back, Eli had put her bra back on, those guys tried to give us all the snacks for free, which we denied of course, but then they gave us a couple beers to take along. Before leaving, Eliza said to them, "You know what? He is not even my boyfriend; he is actually my brother." She had a loud laugh, and both guys had their mouths open in shock.
She pulled me out and said, "let's go boyfriend," and then she asked me, "So it's sorted now?"
I asked her what, and she pointed at my cock and said, "Didn't you go to loo to take care of it?"
I said, "Eliza, stop it now."
She said, "Well, I am only suggesting to help because the next stop is quite far and this thing has been poking me since we started our journey." I got really embarrassed listening to that, and she said, "James, it's okay; I can understand it."
After getting back in the car, I told Mom and Dad how those guys mistook Eliza for a porn star and wanted to take a selfie with her. I didn't mention anything beyond that. Both Mom and Dad laughed, and Mom said, "She's not a porn star, but she could get halfway there if she joined the club." Then, she started lecturing us about how we weren't showing any interest in the family business. She didn't stop until both Eliza and I promised to think about it after returning from the holidays.
After about an hour, Eliza fell asleep in my lap, and I had my hands resting on her belly. Mom looked back and said, "James, why don't you come live with us? Look how gorgeous you two are looking, so comfortable and caring for each other and I am sure Eli would never let you get bored."
I replied, "It's not so easy to just move here Mom, but I will see what I can do. Dad has discussed it a lot with me." Soon after, I also fell asleep.
I woke up to the sensation of something warm being poured on me, but I was still half-asleep. Soon, I realized that there actually was something warm being poured on me, and when I regained my senses, I screamed, "What the fuck, Eliza? What are you doing?" Dad almost lost control of the car. Mom looked back at us to find out what happened. Dad quickly stopped the car on the curb and asked what happened. I said, "Look, Eliza is fucking peeing in my lap!" Eliza had also woken up by now but she continued to pee.
When she stopped I opened the door and we both got out. Eliza was so embarrassed that she couldn't look anyone in the eye. All she could manage to say was, "I'm sorry, James. I didn't mean to." She started crying, but Mom consoled her. Then, Mom told me to let go of the anger and suggested that we sit back inside the car as it was getting too hot outside and we were already sweating badly. When we looked inside the car, there was still a pool of pee. I cleaned it up the best I could, but the smell lingered inside the car, and it was hard to forget what had happened.
Dad stopped the car again at the curb, went out and opened the door on our side calling us out and suggested that we change our clothes so that we wouldn't have to sit in pee-soaked clothing. But I replied, "We can't do that either because our bags are in David's car."
He then said, "Well, maybe you can just take off your clothes. Nobody is going to see you naked from the bottom."
I replied, "Well, I'm not wearing any underwear, Dad."
Mom then said, "Even if you were, it would be soaking wet now. So just take off your clothes and let's get going. It's already so hot."
Eliza then took off her panties and threw them on the floor, to which Dad said, "Sweetie, you just have to throw them out, otherwise they will keep smelling inside." Eliza picked them up from the car floor and threw them out, saying they were her boyfriend's favorite. Then she asked me if she could sit with her skirt on because it was also half-wet from the back.
Mom said, "Eliza, come on, honey, don't be a child and just take it off we don't need the smell and we need to get out of this heat." Eliza then quickly took her skirt off too and threw it away.
I was looking at her and seeing how she was standing all shy, and I was feeling sorry now that I may have overreacted with her and that I should apologies.
My thoughts were interrupted by my mom's yelling, "James, what's wrong with you now? and she walked over and pulled my shorts down herself.
I was like, "Mommmm,"
She said, "I have been seeing your junk since you were a kid, remember? So don't mom me and get inside." I then took the shorts completely off and just left it there and got inside the car and called Eli and helped her sit in my lap.
Mom was now looking back at us quite a lot, especially whenever Eli or I adjusted a little. Eventually dad said, "Michael, they are adults; leave them be,"
Mom looked back at us and said, "Eliza, open your legs and let me see, and you James, where is your dick?"
I said "mom, stop embarrassing us further" but she was insistent, to which I opened Eliza's legs myself by lifting her up a bit, and then I opened my legs too, and thankfully my cock was only half erect at this time, to which she said ok, and you better keep it like that,"
Dad laughed at it and said in a whispering manner, "Michael, this reminds me of something of our own"
Mum quickly responded by putting her hand on dad's lips and saying, "I know I know but no need to say it."
It was still quite smelly inside the car, so we had the windows down now, which made life a little worse because the outside wind was so hot that we were quite uncomfortable inside. Even in the other cars, we could see men sitting topless and women in bras, and after a while, mom also took her dress off. She was wearing a white push-up bra and matching panties. Her sweat could easily be seen between her tits and along the panty lines. Then dad took his shirt off and so did I.
I whispered to Eli asking if she's feeling hot, but she said no, she's ok. Since the little incident, she didn't really talk much, and I was feeling sorry now, so I started running my hands along her arms, and I said, "It's ok, Eli, and in a way, it's better now. At the next stop, you can pretend to be my girlfriend much more easily, or maybe give them pictures pretending to be that porn star."
She laughed and slowly got better. I asked again if she wanted to remove her bra, and while saying this, I wiped off her sweat along with the bra lines. She said, "Mom will go mad, but if you cover my tits with your hands, I will manage."
This meant she was out of her embarrassment now so I smiled and said, "maybe take a picture like those boys too".
Eliza unclasped the bra, but right when she was taking it off, mom looked back and asked, "What are you two doing?"
Eliza replied, "It's so hot here, mom, I can't wear this," and then she got up and hung it on the rear view mirror and said, "Dad, I am seeing so many cars with this, so we should also hang one here."
Dad just smiled and said, "Whatever my sweetheart says is fine as long as you don't go back to that dull and quite person." She then kissed him on the cheek, but both times she got up, I got a view of her tight pussy and perfect ass hole, which made my cock hard only in few seconds.
When Eliza sat back, she noticed it immediately and looked down on my cock and then at me, but I said "when you got up twice, your pussy and ass made it hard". She smiled and kind of started rubbing herself on my cock. Soon her pussy got so wet she started rubbing it with her fingers, and I put my hands on her tits as if holding her by her tits. I was twisting her nipples, which were already so stiff.
We were just playing with each other like this when dad hit a pothole, and because of that, my cock just slid inside Eli's pussy on its own because it was quite lubricated already, but Eli still screamed loudly, aaaahhhhh aaoouuchhh.
Both mom and dad screamed what happened, but mom noticed my cock inside Eli's pussy. I was like, "Gosh, dad look what you did! Couldn't you tell us before hitting that pothole?
Mom said, "Why don't you take your pot out of her hole now?" and I picked Eli up to take it out, as my cock is quite big. As I was sliding Eli up, Dad hit another pothole, and she dropped back on my cock with yet another scream.
Mom gave us both an angry look, but I replied, "Is it our fault, mom?"
She said, "You are okay fucking your sister but not okay running our sex club, huh?"
I said, "Mom, what has this got to do with that?
The only reply mom gave me was "whatever".
I whispered in Eli's ear, asking her if she liked it, and she just took my hands and put them on her tits while she put her own hands on the back rest of dad's seat and started moving a little up and down on my cock. She moaned aaahhhhh,ummmmm, every time my cock entered her pussy. After a while, dad said, "sweetie why are you moaning in my ears? You are making the drive so difficult"
I put one of my hands on Eli's mouth, but her gag sort of sound was even more sexier, and dad said, "James, take your hand off, son; her moans are just too much; I don't want to stop the car and start fucking on the roadside."
I laughed and said, "Okay, okay, dad, I'll keep her calm."
Whenever we passed another car full of guys, Eliza got more kinky and sort of flashed them, showing them that she was bouncing on me. In a while, she started rubbing her pussy with her hand and said, "I am going to cum James," listening to this, my dad quickly stopped the car on the side and asked us to move out so we wouldn't further spoil the car. Eliza was not happy at this, but as soon as I got out, I bent her against the car, and Eliza put her hands on dad because the roof of our car was quite hot, so she took some support from Dad. I pushed my cock in her pussy again, and I started thrusting hard and fast this time. Mom was not so happy to stand in heat and wanted me to make Eli cum quickly.
In the now-loud moans of Eliza, I was enjoying her pussy, and I was thinking it's the best sex I have had in months. Soon, Eliza screamed and started to cum heavily. I kept rubbing her pussy with my hand while she came and once she was done, she turned around and put her hand on my cock, but before she could do anything, Mum yelled, "Hey you two, come on, sit in the car now. I can't stand in this heat anymore."
Moving into the car to get in the driving seat dad looked at me, smiled, and said, "I can imagine your frustration, but I can't argue with your mom."
I also moved in and had Eli sit in my lap again. Eliza adjusted her pussy on my cock and took it inside and started moving up and down on it again till I was about to cum, then she turned her face back towards me and said, "Come on, James, cum inside me," I started to cum deep in her pussy pretty soon.
As my cock was shooting cum in Eli's pussy I was trying to remember the last time I was so excited after having sex, but the only time I could think of was a few years ago. I kissed Eli a few times. I noticed mum looking back at us. I bent Eli a little to the side and took her lips in mine and sucked them and gave her a long kiss and said, "thank you, sweet sister."
Looking at us, mum expressed her pleasure by saying, "Aww, my babies."
Dad asked me, "James, is everything okay with you and your girlfriend?"
Before I could respond to dad's question, Eli quickly said, "No, dad, that bitch left my so handsome and sexy brother."
I said, "Elizaaa, you can't really call her that."
Dad said, "I am glad you are with us, and remember that everyone is always here for you, my son." I thanked dad, but then he laughed and said, "I guess now you must be liking Brian and must be glad that he didn't pick her up."
I laughed as well and said, "Well, the truth is I didn't think about him at all, but yes, I am thankful to Eli for being such a good sister, and I couldn't really remember the last time a girl made me as happy as Eli today." Listening to my comment, Eli blushed and smiled. Gosh, her smile was so innocent and so lovely that I just kissed her again.
Eliza and I were talking about different things before we both dozed off. This time we slept for quite a while, I guess, because when dad woke us up he had parked outside the motel where we were supposed to stay for the night.
Dad informed us that there was a fire incident at the motel last week and half of their rooms were unable to be occupied, and we had only 2 options: first, we could move forward and try our luck in the next motel, but the chances were we wouldn't find any rooms just by turning up during such peak times, and the second option was to get only 1 double room as this motel had 1 double room available that just became free. Dad had chosen to stay in that. Mum was already in the room, and dad had come to wake us up. He looked around, patted Eli's tits, and said, "Come on, come on, get up. There's no one around at the moment, so quickly get into room 118 and go get a shower. You are smelling so bad."
The moment Eli and I walked into the room, a young girl with her boyfriend came out of the room next to us. They were both shocked to see us and thought we were a nudist couple. We just gave them a smile and entered our room. Mum was just coming out of the shower as we entered the room. She looked at us and said, "Aww, you both were looking so cute, just like the time when you were little babies and I didn't want to wake you up but your dad was just not listening." She came close and kissed us both on our foreheads.
I sat on one of the two beds and asked Eli to go take a shower and dress up. Mum quickly pulled a pair of shorts out of her bag and gave them to Eli, asking dad to go bring her bra from the car as it was still hanging by the rear view mirror. Dad said, "My tummy is rumbling, James, go get in with Eliza and quickly come back so we can go into the town for some dinner quickly."
When I entered, Eli was sitting on the toilet seat and peeing. Looking at that, I joked and said, "Hey, haven't you started peeing in my lap now?"
She felt embarrassed again and said, "I am sorry, I don't know how it happened."
I quickly bent a little and kissed her on the lips, saying, "Hey, I was only kidding; I am actually happy now that you did it; otherwise, how would I have had such a sexy pussy?"
She smiled and asked me if I really meant what I said, and I assured her I meant every word. Eli then went into the cubicle and turned on the shower. I watched the water pour down on her body. She was looking so beautiful. I also walked in and asked her to let me rub the soap over her body. The cubicle wasn't enough for the two of us, so instead of our hands rubbing the soap on each other, it was our bodies doing the job. Her tits were feeling so nice rubbing against my chest. She was rubbing my cock, and I was enjoying it until we got interrupted by mum who was asking us to be quick as we needed to head out for dinner, so we had to cut our shower short. Eli put on mum's shorts along with her own bra, which dad had brought from the car, but to be honest, those shorts were not looking good on her. I borrowed my dad's shorts, which were okay for me.
It was a nice little town, and the people were really nice. We were getting welcoming smiles from almost everyone. So it was nice to walk down the streets except for Eli, who was complaining about the shorts she was wearing. We were just going to pass a Victoria Secret store when dad said, "Eliza, sweetie, what if I buy you a new bra and we hang this one back on the rearview mirror?"
Eli responded, "Shopping and new stuff? Something I never say no to"
Dad laughed and said, "Well, that's something you got from your mother," and then asked mum to go help Eli choose a nice bra.
Mum said, "No, I am heading to the restaurant. I need to sip something. Either you go with her or ask James to help her."
But I said "I don't really feel comfortable going into lingerie stores, so I will just go with mum why don't you go with her dad?".
Mum and I were sipping our drinks while waiting for dad and Eli. When they arrived from what seemed to be a little shopping spree, Eli was holding a few bags. I said, "You are looking pretty happy,"
To which she smiled even more and said, "Well, dad bought me all these, and it's the first time in a few years when I didn't have to pay or do something in return for my shopping," she said smilingly.
Dad looked at me and mom and asked if we liked Eli's new outfit, then turned towards Eli and said, "Eliza, sweetie, get up and show them." Eli came out to the side and did a little spin, and wow, I noticed the new bra on her was much sexier, but I just noticed instead of mum's shorts, she was wearing a black leather micro skirt now. Her skirt was shorter than the one she had before at the time when we left off from home; it was covering hardly 3 quarters of her butts and so low that a red pair of panties were clearly visible, and with that, her new bra was also the same in the way that it was barely covering her tits. If she jumped or ran even a tiny bit both her tits would pop out for sure; otherwise, a teeny weeny bit of her pink areolas were visible, and the light gold colored bra looked perfect on her skin. Both mum and I admired and appreciated her and dad's choices.
Once we were finished with our meal and asked the waiter for the bill he informed us that the restaurant manager wanted to meet us. So we went into his office. The manager was very welcoming and asked us if we liked the food. After we shared our feedback, he said he wanted to show us something special and asked us to follow him. He then walked towards a door in his office.
We went through a kind of dark alley and into another building, but once we entered, it was a very well lit two-story building with carpeted hallways, portraits of naked or half-naked men and women, and some very erotic paintings hanging all over the place. I could see mum and dad were admiring it already, but they just didn't say anything yet. The manager brought us to another office, where he had two bikini-clad girls welcome us all and offer us drinks. I asked Eli if she knew the manager as dad's associate or friend but she didn't and I couldn't figure out why he had brought us here.
He looked at Mum and Dad for a few moments and then kind of x-rayed Eli. Looking at Dad, he said, "Did you like it?"
Mum replied before Dad and said, "Impressive."
Then the manager looked at Eli and said, "What's your name? Oh, wait, let me guess. Is it Kiki? Or is it Cinnamon?"
She told him her name, and he said, "No, no, baby. You don't realize." Then he looked at Mum and Dad and said, "I would call her Cinnamon or Kiki for double happiness."
He asked Eli to come to him, when Eli looked at us, Mum said, "It's okay, sweetie." Eli got up and went to the side of the chair. The manager looked her up and down and spanked her butts quite hard. When Eli let out a little 'Ouch!
The manager quickly stopped and shifted his focus on her tits and tried to touch them, but Eli moved a little away, to which he laughed and said, "Definitely, Kiki."
I was getting angry at this, so I asked him what the fuck he thinks he is doing, to which he responded by shaking hands with dad and mom again and saying, When my friend told me he was reserving a dinner table for you two, I was so happy because I would finally be able to meet you two. Don't look surprised; I am impressed with your business skills, and I try to copy your style in my club as well.
Then he told mom and dad he was the partner of one of dad and mom's business partners in their newly opened club. He once again asked Eli to come close, looking at mum as if asking her to tell Eli to comply, and mum did exactly what he asked. So he pulled Eli into his lap and smelled her and said, "Oh, she even smells like cinnamon, and then looked towards mum and dad, saying, "I would love to trade her with any of my girls."
I was like, "What the fuck man?"
At the same time, mum said, "Do you know who," but dad stopped mum and asked me to stay quiet.
Manager looked at mum and said, "I know she's worth a lot, but before you say no, just have a look at my girls too, and if not permanent, at least loan her to me for a couple of months or so. The reason I want her is that she can train my girls with all the training and tips she has from working with you, and as I mentioned earlier, I am a huge fan of you two. So I would love if my girls could also work following the patterns of your club."
While talking to mum, he said, "I suppose you wanted to ask if I knew who she is. The answer is yes. Initially, I was concerned when you arrived an hour later than the reservation time you had given. However, I kept the table for you. When you arrived with this gentleman, it relieved me. Then, I saw your husband bring this hottie; I assumed she was one of his whores, and this young man was your toy. But then this idea hit me: If she is your husband's personal whore, then I would ask you if you could lend her services to me for a while because I believe you must have given her the best and most special training compared to other girls."
Dad laughed and said, 'I admire your passion for climbing the ladder, but you've assumed a lot of things here that aren't really my or my wife's style of doing business. And you say you're trying to copy our ways?'
'Oh, I was just going to ask for your permission first if I could see the beauty she's hiding under her dress,' said the manager.
Dad looked at Mum, and they both laughed while she said, "He really is a fan."
'So what do you think?' asked the manager.
But before Dad could respond, Mum asked the manager how was he planning to check if Eli was fit for his crew. He rang a bell, and two giant-sized guys walked into the office. Mum looked at them and said, "Now that I see you have the famous Star Brothers working for you, you have got my attention."
The manager looked quite happy to listen to Mum's comment and then said, "Thanks, so may I?" Mum looked at Eli and asked her and me not to say anything contradicting her or Dad. I could see the look on Eli's face; she didn't like Mum's statement, and neither did I.
The manager nodded at one of those guys, and he moved towards Eli and was just going to rip open her bra when dad shouted, "Stop, no need to make me waste my money for nothing," and then he said, "Eliza, show him how sexy and hot you are," and Eli unclasped her bra and threw it at dad. Then she was taking the skirt off when one of the manager's guys just pulled it and threw it on the table, and then also pulled off her panties.
He then lifted Eli on his shoulder as if she were just a weightless plush toy to him. He came to the side of the table and turned Eli upside down with her face near his cock as in the standing 69 position. He then turned her around so now she was facing the manager but still upside down.
The manager smiled and said, "Hmmm, very sexy tits; bring her here; let's see if she has a sexy pussy." The second guy took Eli from the first and made her sit on the table, spread her legs wide, and then pushed her all the way back, which brought Eli's face towards Mum, but her legs spread across the table so the manager could easily see her pussy. Then the manager nodded his guys again, and they brought Eli on all fours on the table, and one of them pushed their middle finger into her pussy while second guy pushed his middle finger into her ass hole, to which Eli reacted in more of a pain than moan because he was rough and they didn't even lube her.
All this was making me angry, but strangely, not enough to say anything or to stop them. I was surprised at myself because I was somehow feeling turned on by the way they were treating Eli. I tried to tell myself to feel embarrassed at it, but I just couldn't think the other way, so I thought, Okay, let's find out what protocols do mum and dad have to hire a new girl.
Both of the guys then brought Eli back on the table with her legs hanging down from one side while her pussy was just at the edge, and they adjusted her in a way so her face was on the adjacent side of the table.
I could see one of them was going to fuck her pussy and the other one her mouth, and only in a few seconds did my thoughts prove to be true as they both started unbuckling their trousers, once they slid their underwear down, mum complimented them, saying "as gorgeous as I have heard about you two." They both thanked mom, and one of them adjusted himself where Eli's mouth was and the other was almost touching his cock at her pussy.
But before either of them could push it in her mouth or pussy, dad said, "Okay, stop."
Both of them and the manager looked shockingly at dad and asked, "Why is he stopping them?"
Dad looked at mum and said to the manager, "You didn't let my wife tell you about this girl?"
Manager responded with, "Oh, you mean who she is? I know I know she is your personal bitch. I understand that, but I still don't understand why you stopped the Star Brothers from..."
Mum stopped him mid-sentence and said, "She's our daughter Eliza."
The manager said, "Okay, but I have to follow principles made only by you... Wh.. Wha... What did you say, Ms. Michale, who she is?"
"Our daughter," said mum.
The look on the manager's face was so amusing that he started stuttering. "Oh, Ms. Michale, I am so sorry I didn't know I... I was just... I d... I had no idea... I am sorry for my rudeness." and then he yelled at his men, "What the fuck is wrong with you? Take away your dicks if you don't want them chopped off," but when they were just about to pull up their underwear, he said, "You lazy bastards, help Ms. Eliza dress up quickly," and he tried to put the bra back on Eli.
In his state, he was doing anything and everything but putting it back on when Eli asked, "May I get up and close my legs, dad?" But before dad said anything, the manager took Eli's hand and helped her up.
Eli let another little ouch out, I think because of that rough ass hole handling, and the manager said, "I am.. am ... I am sorry, Elizabeth," and started rubbing her pussy in an effort to relieve her.
Eli laughed at it and put her hand on his hand and said, You can keep it off now, and he quickly snapped his hand back and kind of fell back in his chair.
Eli stepped down from the table and came to the dad and sat on his lap, but while sitting, she moaned again, which seemed painful. Dad quickly looked down at her as her bra, skirt, and panties were still on the table and she was still naked. He asked, "Are you okay, sweetie?"
"No, it's hurting, dad; something is kind of pinching me inside," responded Eli. Dad quickly put his hand on her pussy, rubbing it, but she said, "No, dad, not my pussy; my ass is hurting; something is in there.
The manager looked at his men in anger, and the one who pushed his finger in her ass said, "Oh, I think it's my ring; it slipped off in her ass when I,"
Manager screamed, "Shut up."
Dad quickly bent Eli on the table and spread her ass cheeks to widen her ass hole, and then he said, "Yes, I see it," and then he called the star brothers and asked them to spread her ass cheeks, when they did, he pushed his finger inside and very slowly pulled out the ring, but it made quite the mess. Once it was out, dad looked closely at the ring and saw that the design of this ring had some thorns like pointy bits all over it, and that must have been hurting Eli. Dad threw the ring towards the manager and then asked him to clean her ass himself.
He then asked Eli if she was okay now, to which she said, "Yes, I am feeling quite relieved now, thanks dad," and she tried to get up.
Dad asked her not to, saying, "No, no, sweetie, let him clean it for you first."
The manager quickly got up from his seat, took out a few tissues, and started wiping Eli's ass. Once he did it, he looked at dad, and dad said, "Wouldn't you want to pay your respects?"
He responded with "yes, yes sure," and he kissed Eli's ass hole and then her pussy, and when Eli got up, he helped her sit in dad's lap and then helped her put on her panties, skirt, and bra, and at the end, he kissed both of Eli's hands and said, "I am sorry once again, and all I have for your beautiful body is just respect."
The manager asked dad if he and mum are okay and have forgiven him. Give me the star brothers when I ask for them, and I will send you one of my guys to train your girls for a month right away. The manager hesitated and offered some other guys, but dad insisted on the Star Brothers and said, "I am going to open a new club, and Eli and her brother will run that, and I want the Star Brothers to serve Eli and teach her the bits she will need; you know what I mean."
"Yes, sure, I understand now," replied the manager.
Then dad looked at the star brothers, winked and said, "Who knows, if you will serve her well, you may be able to finish what you started today"
The manager walked us out and said, "I hope I will also grow like you once you take me under your umbrella."
Dad just nodded, but mum gave him a kiss on the lips and said, I found you interesting. I may be visiting you sometime, so relax and don't worry."
Walking out of there, I asked Eli if she was okay, and then I said, "Wow, dad, I didn't know people would fear you and respect you like that, but I didn't understand why you let him get rude with Eli at first."
Dad laughed and said, "My son, there's so much I need to teach you how to handle this line of business. Didn't you notice how he was trying to impress us and get us under his influence from the start? That is why when I noticed him getting crazy for Eliza I knew how to get him. Also, I had plans to cover this guy for a while and the shopping spree of Eli was part of the plan because leather skirts to this length with red panties are this guy's weakness." He was smiling while saying all this.
I replied, "So you bought these items for this guy in reality, and you used Eli as a bait?"
Dad put one arm on my shoulder and the other on Eli's shoulder and said, "Oh no, it was just a little bit of luck and a little bit of turning the situation in our favour, and didn't you notice how Eliza was calm during all that?"
I looked at Eli, and she said, "dad told me on the way what might happen, but dad told me he would fuck my ass."
Dad laughed and said, "Well, the star brothers were a surprise for me, and if they hadn't come, I would have let the manager fuck her the way he wanted and then told him that he just fucked my daughter, and he would have been obliged."
I was like, "So Eli, you were okay being used?"
"No brother doing something for the good of your family business is a mere cooperation compared to considering it as being used."
And I responded, "I take it you do this cooperation on a regular basis then?"
She smiled and said, "Not so regularly, but whenever dad needs my help."
And I was like, Well, alright, that's a really surprising thing for me. After some roaming around the town, we headed back to our motel, quite tired. Once we entered the room, mum pulled Eli from her arm and hugged her tightly, then kissed her cheek and said, "My sweet little angel, you were so perfect and you have no idea what you have brought me, my darling. I am so happy that I am now going to agree to your request about your boyfriend."
Listening to this, Eli got really excited and confirmed again, "Really mom? Are you sure you won't back out?"
"No, not after this, my angel," replied mum.
"What's going on, guys? What are you getting so excited about?" I asked naively.
Eli told me that her boyfriend wanted to have sex with mum and has been asking Eli to convince her for quite a while, but mum just never agreed. I was like, "What?? Are you really serious, mum? That bastard fucking my sister is too much, and now he would be with my mum too. You guys can't do that."
Dad patted my shoulder and said, "Son, don't ever stress yourself over a pussy because those pussies need to be used as they want, and any stress over them will only cause tension for you, so just relax and don't think about them."
I was like, "Daddd, they are not just a couple of pussies to fuck; they are mum and Eli."
Dad laughed again and said, "Wait a few minutes, and I will answer this."
I sat on the bed with dad and he started advising me about handling of this line of business, dad was talking in a way as if I have decided and said yes to his proposal of me managing the new club.
I was about to tell him that I hadn't made my mind yet but right at that moment mum came out of loo and just fell in dad's lap and kissed him and then asked him to take off her dress and dad replied with "oh happily darling" and he started rolling mum's dress down slowly exposing her tits and I must say wow again because it had been a long time since I saw mum's tits and I was just thinking about that when dad had rolled down her dress to the feet and said "hey James where are you lost son, come on help your mother" and mum put her feet in my lap and I pulled her dress off. She wasn't wearing any panties underneath and the moment I pulled her dress she moved one leg down on the floor and kept one in my lap, and wow, her open legs gave quite the view.
Mum was busy sucking dad's lips, and he was squeezing her tits, forgetting where they were. I tried to sneeze forcefully to interrupt them, and it worked. Mum looked at me and said, "Naughty, naughty, naughty, getting hard for your mommy, huh?" and I realized my cock was raging hard and was fighting to burst out of my shorts.
I got so embarrassed, but mum was just laughing and then she said "cheeky boy get up this is our bed" and then she said "Eli come on out now and take care of your brother he needs some urgent attention." I quickly got up and moved onto the other bed. All I was thinking that once Eli come out of the loo I will ask her to go out till dad and mum get free from their love making.
Eli came out from the loo, and mum repeated what she said before, and Eli laughingly asked, "Why, mum, what happened? Couldn't he control himself seeing you?" Before she could sit with me, dad got up, leaving mum lying on bed and called Eli to his bed and then asked me to come too. He made Eli stand in front of him and asked her to get naked. She unclasped her bra and then removed her panties too; she had left the skirt in the shower already.
She looked at dad to ask, "What's next?"
Dad asked her to get on bed with mum and when she did, dad spread her and mum's legs wide open and then pulled me close and bent towards mum and kissed her forehead, cheeks, lips, and neck. He ignored her tits completely and kissed on mum's tummy, moving down to her legs and feet, and then repeating the same with Eli. Then he asked me to do the same with both mum and Eli, so I also kissed them gently and softly. But along with mum and Eli, I was also confused and trying to figure out what Dad was doing.
But only then dad said, "James, listen closely my son. I am going to teach you a very important lesson, especially due to the line of work we are in. Look everywhere you kissed is yours and mine, and they are your mom and sister for these parts only including their hearts and emotions, but their tits are everyone's treat, and these two." He rubbed their pussies and ass holes and said, "These two are there for anyone who they allow to use them, understand?" then he kissed Eli and mum's pussy and ass hole and asked me to do the same. I was hesitant to touch mum down there, but mum pulled me on it, so I kissed her and then Eli's pussy and ass too.
Then, after we both kissed their tits and sucked their nipples, dad asked me not to get mad about who they fuck with because its their and only their choice and he said "come on ladies talk some sense into him."
Mum and Eli acted as if they were just waiting for this moment because they both spoke together and told me to never worry over girls, no matter who, when it comes to sexual stuff.
I was like, "Okay, okay, I'll back off. No need to come guns blazing at me." Everyone laughed at it, and then dad pulled up Eli and kissed her nipples and then on her lips. He then brought her in front of him and held her up, placing his hands under her ass in such a way that Eli's legs were wide open for me. Her perky tits with rock-hard nipples were as if they were going to shoot something from them at me.
Dad said, "Okay, enough teaching for today. I don't know if you want this sexy pussy and tits or not but I definitely want to fuck your mother now so either you take Eliza on that bed and enjoy her while I enjoy her (pointing at mum) on this bed or I enjoy with both these hotties on my bed and you can watch us or sleep which I doubt you will be able to since your mother is very loud with her moans."
"Whatever you say, dad, I am okay with it; if you want me to go out for a while, I can go have a drink at the bar in town," I responded. But dad smiled and said, "Eliza, sweetheart, go give him company, or if you also want to head to the town, do so." And he went back to the bed with mum after taking off his clothes as well.
I asked Eli if she wanted a drink, and she said yes, so we got dressed, or, let's say, barely dressed, and headed to the bar in town. We got many glances and comments while we were sitting at the bar sipping our beers. A few girls and guys even approached us.
The bar started to get pretty crowded, and when we were wondering why, the bar tender asked me if I wanted my girlfriend to compete in the dance, and before I could say anything, Eli asked him if this was where girls get on top of the bar counter and dance. The bartender said yes, and Eli screamed in joy and told him that she would definitely join the competition.
Soon the lights went dim and the music became louder, and three girls got on the counter and started dancing to the tunes. They were, let's say, above average, but people enjoyed their moves. Then two more girls popped up on the counter and got much more admiration compared to the previous girls.
I kissed Eli's cheek and said "If these girls are making these people crazy, I am sure they are in for a treat tonight."
Eli blushed and said, "I am so excited. I love dancing in bars like this."
We were just talking when the bartender shouted for Eli to climb up, so I carried Eli to the bar counter and she just jumped up and started dancing with two other girls. Some of the guys started pouring their drinks on them, and pretty soon their tops started coming off. All three of them were dancing like crazy, but the energy Eli had was quite amazing. There were some guys filming them on their phones, and there were a couple of guys taking Eli's up skirts, I knew she wasn't wearing any panties so I couldn't blame them.
I was lost looking at Eli when she almost jumped at me, and I hardly managed not to fall carrying her. She was drenched in beer and all, and now a girl was going to announce the winner, who would get free drinks for a whole week in the bar. While Eli was standing in front of me with my hands on her tummy, a few guys were trying to grope her from behind me, and I kind of liked that, so I didn't stop anyone and let them play with her tits.
Soon the girl announced the name of the winner, which shocked me as Eli was the clear winner among all the girls who danced; she was more sexy and danced with more energy. I shouted and walked up to the announcer and said, "What the fuck, huh? How is she not the winner?" and while screaming that I broke a few glasses, the bartender got angry and asked people to throw us out.
Eli pulled me back and said, "James, come on, honey, no need to make a scene, let's go," but when I started moving with her, she said, "Oh, where is my bra? Get that back, please," and the bartender threw that at her and asked her to take me out.
I was angry. I said, "These people are so stupid; they have no sense of beauty at all." Eli calmed me down and then started swearing at them herself, to which we both laughed and said, "Well, at least we enjoyed it.
I asked, "Do you think mum and dad would be done by now or still going on?"
She punched me and said, "Hey, I don't watch them having sex; I don't know, but I think we can stay out a little longer," and then she said she was feeling a little hungry and suggested having something light.
I was also feeling the same, so I said, "Okay, let's go find a restaurant down the street,"
To which Eli replied laughingly, "Or should we go to that same restaurant we went to earlier?"
I kind of pinched her at that and said, "No way we are going back to that shitty place."
We were just talking and walking along the road when a white limo stopped next to us. The door opened, and it was the manager of the restaurant sitting in the limo. He offered us a lift, saying that he was passing by and saw us on the road. When we told him that we were just trying to spend some time out in the town, he asked us to accompany him to his place as he wanted to make up for earlier.
I looked at Eli, and just a thought went through my mind that maybe he wants to have his hands on Eli, and that kind of excited me, so I accepted his invitation and hoped in his limo along with Eli. It was pretty luxurious from inside; he offered us champaign, which we happily accepted. Soon the limo stopped at his club. As soon as the door opened, the Star brothers welcomed us with some surprised looks on their faces.
The manager took us to his office again and asked if we needed anything to eat before offering us another round of champaign. After a little chitchat, he phoned someone and asked for someone to come in.
A hot brunette walked in the office and said "Hi"
To which he replied, "Rose, this is my very special guest, James, and I want you to please him the way it would feel like his best experience."
Rose looked at me, gave a seductive smile, and sat on my lap saying, "Where did you hide him all this time, huh?" She started rubbing her hand on my bare chest, as I had not put on the t-shirt when we came from the motel.
After getting to know what happened in the bar, he started swearing at the people and said, "Oh, I will have those bastards pay for disrespecting Eli. May I call her Eli?"
"Oh no, no, it's alright, it's their loss; I know Eli was the best among them, and yes, you can call her Eli," I replied.
The manager was genuinely furious when he said, "I can't believe how they can't choose her their winner even after looking at her rack. "They did see your tits Eli, didn't they?"
Eli angrily replied, "Yeah, those wankers saw them, and they look even more seductive when wet, and I didn't have my bra on."
The manger was like, "Oh, that's why you look so drenched. Then he said, "Well, fuck those losers, come, let's go to the pool; you can wash their cheap bear off you."
We all stood up and followed him to the roof where he had this very nice little pool. Eli said, "Wow, this is amazing; mum would have loved it had you shown her earlier."
The manager thanked her and said "I am happy her daughter approves of my esthetics and this is no less than a trophy for me." Eli blushed at it and turned her back towards him so he could unhook her bra which he quickly did, and then pulled off her bra and put it on a chair. Eli turned around and he said, "Oh gosh, they are so sexy. May I touch them?" Eli winked at him and pushed her tits forward towards him, and he quickly put his hands on them.
Rose also opened her buttoned top; she was braless, and as I was looking at her comparatively smaller tits she removed her skirt too. She was, of course, a hot and sexy girl. Her tits were small, but they were firm and very perky, and her brown nipples seemed as if something were popping out of a chocolate puddle. As I moved my gaze along her slim tummy I found a little landing strip above her pussy. Her pussy was definitely complimenting her nipples, as her pussy lips were like thin brown chocolate leaves. Her pussy was an outie, but it was still slim and sexy.
Rose pulled my hands on her tits, and I started playing with her nipples, twisting them, pulling them, and pinching them. That's when I heard Eli's ouch, and I looked at her and saw the manger biting on her nipple, but Eli had a happy face.
The manager then said to Eli, "Sweetheart, it's better if I take off your skirt too; we can spend some time in the water." Eli moved her arms above her head so the manager could pull her skirt off, which he slowly did, and after removing it, he said, "Ma ma mia, I like you even more; I love it when hotties like you go commando."
The manager looked at me and Rose and found me playing with Rose's nipples while he himself had his hand rubbing Eli's pussy while his other hand was squeezing her right tit as he was sucking on her nipple too.
Rose was taking my shorts off when the manager saw me staring at them once again. He pulled Eli up and walked up to me, saying, "It seems you like big tits, don't you?" Then he turned to Rose and asked her to go and send Penelope up. Rose looked at me disappointingly; she was kind of sad, but I honestly couldn't help it. She was no doubt beautiful, but I just couldn't take my eyes off Eli.
The manager looked at my cock and admired me and said, "Oh, now I see why she was so disappointed," and then laughed aloud. Eli started to kiss him and put his hand on her pussy, so he sat in the chair next to mine and had Eli sit in his lap and start sucking her tits with one hand, rubbing and pulling her pussy lips.
I didn't have to wait long for Penelope, as she came pretty soon, and if I really try to be impartial, she really was tough competition for Eli; she was so sexy and so hot, and with every step her tits bounced and jiggled like crazy. So crazy that for a moment I was lost in their movement.
The manager said, "Penelope, this is your test; my respect is at stake here, and you have to please James as he is my special guest."
To which Penelope replied, "Sure thing, boss," and she looked at me and then at my cock and let out such a sexy and seductive moan that I had never heard any woman being so seductive before. My cock just became raging hard, and she just took it in her hand and said, "Oh gosh, I always wanted to see a big cock like yours. Thanks, boss, for choosing me for James."
The manager then laughed and said, "why don't you give him a titty fuck" and he just pulled off her bra so roughly that she almost fell over but gosh her tits, the way they popped out and jiggled, they were mesmerizing, They were a close match to Eli's tits, except Penelope's nipples were bigger than Eli's and so were her areolas but she also had them pink like Eli.
Soon Penelope was wanking me with her tits, and I was loving it, and when I looked at Eli and the manager, he winked at me and said, "I guess now you are liking it,"
To which I nodded and smiled back at him. I saw Eli so consumed with blowing him, but she was looking so sexy and hot, licking his cock up and down.
Soon I made Penelope sit in the chair, and I pushed my cock between her tits and started pushing it up and down and looking at me the manager also did the same and started giving Eli a titty wank, and every time his cock went up, Eli tried to lick his cock head with her tongue. It was so sexy seeing Eli try to lick the cock head like that. Penelope also copied Eli and started touching my cockhead with her tongue every time I pushed it up.
Then they both got up and sat in front of us and started sucking our cocks. Soon, the manager said "Hey James, are you ready to fuck Penelope's pussy, huh, because Eli's pussy and ass are both ready".
I smiled and said, "Yes, I am. Do you want to go in together?"
He laughed and said, "Yes, let's see who can fuck these hotties longer."
We moved to a table nearby and had both Eli and Penelope lie on it next to each other and put their legs on our shoulders, and then the manager was like, "One, two, three, go." He pushed his cock all the way in Eli's pussy, and gosh, Eli screamed pretty loud, so I also pushed my cock in Penelope's pussy till the base, and it almost choked her because I was almost an inch bigger than the manager.
As we were pushing our cocks in and out of their pussies almost in a rhythmic way, Penelope turned towards Eli and started kissing her, and soon they both were sucking each other's lips while their hands were playing with each other's tits, and we were fucking their beautiful pussies. None of us wanted to cum before the other, so both of us wanted our girls to beg us to stop and cum before us, but well, both girls kept asking for more.
The manager then said, "Well, I am switching now," and then pushed his cock in Eli's ass, but he was having difficulty doing so. I suggested changing the positions so we had both our girls on all fours, and we started pushing our cocks into their ass holes slowly. Well, this time none of us could just push it all the way as they were both pretty tight, and I just noticed that Eli's ass hole was tighter than Penelope's, but both the girls were in tears.
Soon the girls started enjoying it in their asses too, so we kept fucking them at a pace till they both almost at the same time screamed that they were about to cum, so we increased our pace, and once they cummed on our cocks, we turned them over and pushed in their mouths, and they sucked our cocks clean till we also started cumming in their mouths, and both of them played with our cum in their mouths and swapped it. Gosh, it was so sexy.
The manager asked one of the guys to bring some drinks. We almost fell in our chairs, and our girls were on us. I said, "Oh yes, get them; I am so thirsty." We were all exhausted, and when the drinks came, we drank like children and started laughing at each other.
And only now have I realized Penelope's pussy was not as sexy as Eli's, and in fact, if I had seen her pussy in a picture, I would not believe this belonged to her because she looked so sexy and hot. Right then the manager started fingering Penelope's pussy while he was already fingering Eli's pussy, and I said "Hey, that's really unfair; you get to play with two pussies, huh?"
He laughed and said in a whispering way "Well, if you want to be a little kinky, why not try both, and I don't mean just fingering".
He then pulled Penelope off me and carried Eli up to me, made her sit on my legs next to my cock, and said, "James, feel her and then dive into her pussy too; you will love it." And while saying this, he took Eli's hand and put it on my cock.
I actually wanted this; I was dying to get my hands on Eli, but before my emotions took over, my brain intervened and cautioned that all of a sudden the manager's behaviour had changed a little, and as I thought, it came to my mind that he could be trapping us in order to blackmail mom and dad later, so I put my hand on Eli's and I moved it away from my cock, and I sat back up and said, "I think we should be heading back now; it's been a while we were out." Then, pushing Eli away from my lap, I got up and gave long kisses on Penelope's tits and said "I am going to miss these babies so much."
Manager pushed me a little more to get on with Eli, but the more he pushed, the more I denied, and eventually he gave up and said, "Well, then I don't have the same problem as you, so I am going to take full advantage and he pulled Eli down on his legs, pushing his cock in her mouth, and asking her to blow him one more time."
I laughed and said, "You cheeky bastard."
He offered to drop us off at the motel, but we just asked to be dropped off where he picked us up, so he asked his driver to take us.
The limo took us to the street where we were earlier, but now it was so quiet and dark that only a few people could be seen at a distance; otherwise, nobody was out anymore. The moment we stepped out of the limo, Eli punched me so hard on my arm and then on my chest that I had to hold her hands to stop her. I asked what was wrong, and she said, "I am not going to talk to you now; I am so angry. You thought that bitch was prettier than me, huh? You preferred her and pushed me away. I hate you, James. I hate you."
I laughed out loud and said "Aww, I didn't know my little sister was the jealous type" and I hugged her, took her in my arms, and then kissed her on her lips and said "Oh, baby, you are far prettier, sexier, and hotter than either of those girls, and I would choose to fuck you 100 times over them, but that was just not the time; he was trapping us." Then I explained to her how I suspected his intent, and then on the way out, I noticed there were two cameras directed at those chairs where we were, and I was pretty sure that he recorded all that and just wanted to record us fucking each other so he could blackmail mom and dad.
Eli looked at me and asked, "Are you serious?"
I said "Yes, babe, I am"
She asked me to swear on her, which I did, to which she said, "Oh gosh, I almost told him how you were fucking me in the car but now pushing me away, this would have been a disaster."
I was like, "Thank goodness you didn't, or else mom and dad would have been so fucking furious on us."
She laughed and said, "Well, I didn't; leave it and tell me you really mean that I am prettier, huh?" I looked at her and then looked around; there was nobody in miles around us, so I ripped open her bra, which almost hurt her a little, and then I pulled off her skirt in a similar fashion and threw it away on the road. Then I took off my shorts and threw those too, and I started rubbing her tits so hard and with so much passion that they started turning red.
Eli said, "Dad's going to be so pissed that you not just threw away his shopping but also his shorts."
I put my hand on her mouth and said, "Don't you worry, babe, but I need to show you who I love more." I sucked her lips hard and bit them so hard that she moaned in pain.
Then I had her go down on all fours, and I pushed my cock into her pussy and started fucking her like mad and rough. She was moaning loudly, so I put my hand on her mouth. I didn't want to get caught and go to jail, but some of me wanted someone to see us fucking this way.
I switched between her pussy and ass so many times that I lost count, and then I pushed my cock in her mouth. She also sucked it like crazy, and when I cummed, she took it in her mouth and on her tits. Gosh, I was exhausted, and when I looked at Eli, her tits, tummy, and ass were so red due to my rough handling. I started caressing her, but she said she loved it and now believes that I liked her more.
We did not pick up our clothes and just started walking towards the motel. On the way, Eli said she was so happy that Brian didn't pick her up and she could spend time with me. This gave me so much joy and pleasure that I said, "Oh, me too, baby, but that fucker will be all over you tomorrow and I will just have to watch."
She jumped on me by hanging around my neck and said "Awww, who is jealous now, huh?"
I replied, "No, I am not jealous; I just didn't like him at all." And then I said "I wish you broke up with him, Eli."
She smiled and kissed me and said, "Hey, don't worry, I can sneak in your room and we can have our fun; he wouldn't know."
I happily and surprisingly asked if she really meant that, and when she said she did, I said. "Thanks, but I really wish he would not turn up tomorrow, to be honest."
Eli said, "Don't be so selfish, brother, and remember, I still love him as my boyfriend, and you want me to spend my holidays without my boyfriend, huh?"
With that, I came back to my senses, so I said, "Yes, yes, you are right. I am sorry. I was just lost for a while, and I forgot you have a life other than mine. Don't worry, I won't bother you or him."
She laughed and said, "Don't be so serious, because I also love this little bad boy of yours." (While saying so, she teased my cock.) and that made me smile.
I thought, 'Well, I shouldn't push; that is enough.'
We didn't come across anyone all the way to the motel, and when we entered our room, mom and dad were sleeping in such a way that it seemed as if they were still spooning. We looked at them and smiled before jumping into our bed.
We also slept spooning each other, and when we woke up, mom and dad were not in the room. I was taking a shit when Eli walked into the loo and said, "Morning sunshine." She kissed my lips, looked at my cock, and said, "This is still so hard, huh?" Then she asked, "Do you need any help with that?" I just smiled, and she sort of jumped in my lap, keeping her legs around me, and then she adjusted her pussy on my cock and let it slide in.
I wasn't expecting that, to be honest, but I wouldn't say that I wasn't enjoying it. Eli then took my hands and put them on her tits and asked me to squeeze them, and then she asked me to keep taking a shit while she moved her pussy up and down on my cock. I was in such a difficult spot. I was like, "What??"
She said, "Oh well, Brian loves to fuck me while he takes a shit, and I like it; it's wild,"
I was like, "What else can be expected from that piece of filth?"
Eli bit me on my lip and said, "Hey, stop it now, okay?"
We were just fucking in this weird way and talking when mum walked in to the loo, and I was like, "Oh, mom, get the hell out. What are you doing?"
But she stayed and said, "Did you two fuck in the street last night?"
We looked at each other, dad also walked in then and said, "Come on, tell me if you did."
So I said, "Yes, we did, but," Before I could finish, mom said, "Well, then I have some news for you, you don't have time to shower or sober up, so quickly get up and run straight to the car as someone saw you and reported you."
Both Eli and me were like, "What?? How's that possible? There was no one around."
Dad said, "They don't know your faces, and neither does the clerk at the counter, so just get up, wipe your ass on the way, and jump in the car before the police arrives." I understood the severity of the situation and just stood up, keeping Eli in my lap.
Mum said, "For goodness sake, let her down. How would you sit in the car like that, huh?"
So Eli got off from me, and I quickly wiped my ass and ran to the car. Eli was standing at the door waiting for me while mum was already in the car. I quickly got in and also pulled Eli into my lap. In a couple minutes, dad came back after handing over the key to the clerk at the counter, and when we were just leaving the motel premises, we saw two policemen knocking on one of the rooms on our side of the motel. Seeing that, mom said "Oh gosh, such a narrow escape."
I then said, "But what happened? Would anyone tell us as well?"
Dad said, "Look, son, not that I don't understand that risky bits are more fun and all, but at least keep your brain alive. What if the police caught you two right there fucking each other and later found out you were brother and sister, huh? Do you have any idea how huge that mess would have been?" Then he took a breath and asked where we were, to which I told him how we spent the night and that there was nobody around us at the time and we made sure of it, and that I couldn't understand how someone could point the police directly to us.
And dad said, "Well, there, you were lucky a bit because had they been directed to you, you wouldn't have been sitting with us," and then he told us how he heard some people talking about a couple making out in the middle of the street last night and that police were on their way to ask around, but everyone thought it was the couple who were next door to us, probably because no one really saw me and Eli at any time except that couple who people were thinking were us. So dad quickly loaded everything in the car and saw the police already arriving and knocking at the doors, and that's when he saw the couple next door to us entering the room. So he quickly came in to wake us up because he remembered that when we arrived that couple saw us naked.
We all took a sigh of relief, and everyone was quite for a few seconds when dad suddenly hit the brakes hard and stopped the car. He turned around and said, "James, did you wipe your fucking ass or are you replacing my car seat, huh?"
I was like "Dad, first you rushed us, didn't give us even a minute, and now you are embarrassing me, and no, I did not spoil your seat; I knew I was the one sitting here." And when he started the car again, I said, "Well, there's one thing that I didn't finish, and Eli definitely needs to lighten up."
Dad said, "Okay, let me find some bushes and you can go in there," and then looked back at Eli and said, "Hey, what's wrong with my princess? Huh? If you want me to stop right here, I can stop, sweetie."
Eli said, "No, I am fine, dad, I can hold on a bit,"
To which dad asked her to kiss him on his cheek, which she did and sat back, but then dad stopped again, looked at Eli, and said, "Sweetie, that asshole didn't hurt you much, did he?"
Eli smiled and said "Oh no, dad, he was not so bad, actually." Dad then made a full turn in his seat and pressed both of Eli's tits one after the other, then twisted her nipples, to which she moaned a little.
Dad then said, "What did he do to your tits that they are still reddish and even with a little twist on your nipples you just moaned, huh?"
Eli then got up as much as she could and kissed dad on the cheeks and said "Oh, daddy, I am alright, and it's not him; it's your son who made my tits red; it's James who bit my nipples so much last night that the little twist made me moan."
When dad looked at me angrily and said, "James, what are you? An animal, huh? She is your sister, not a fucking whore to abuse."
Eli put her hand on dad's lips and said "Oh, dad, I liked it. He did all this with my permission. We went a little wild last night."
And when dad turned back around, I said, "Thanks for saving my ass Eli." I knew it could get troublesome because dad could not bear a tiny bit of harm to Eli, he even gets into a fight with mum for Eli, but well, I was saved.
After about 10 minutes, dad stopped the car and asked us to go into the woods and come back soon. I took Eli's hand in mine and ran towards the woods so passing cars wouldn't spot us naked.
Once we were behind some trees, I held Eli from behind and said, "Hey, want to finish what you started?"
She laughed and said, "Oh, I thought you didn't like that, and what was that? Yes, some filthy shit huh."
I pressed her pussy and said, "Come on, I didn't say that about you; I was just."
She cut me short and said, "I know," and then said, "Well, for that to finish, you have to be in that position and doing what you were doing, so I don't think that's possible here."
I looked around and said, "Well, yeah, you are right, but hey."
Dad was already honking, so she said, "See, I knew we wouldn't have that much time, so we can finish it off once we reach our holiday home, and for now we can find some fun in the car again." I happily agreed, and we both peed there, ran back to the car, and got into our positions as before.
In about an hour, dad stopped the car next to a restaurant and said, "Who is hungry?" We all were, of course, because we couldn't even have our breakfast yet, so we decided that dad would sit in the car with us while mom would go bring us some sandwiches and coffee so we wouldn't need to get out of the car. We kept looking around to see if anyone was there who could see us sitting naked like that, but thankfully nothing happened, and once mom came back with our breakfast, dad moved the car immediately.
Once we were all done with the breakfast mom said she was excited to show us something, and I said, "If it is something intimate between you and dad, you better not show us, mom."
She replied, "Shut up, it's not about us; I want to show you some pictures of you both."
I was like, "What? Our pictures? Which ones?"
She said, "Well, earlier, when I woke up, I saw you two cuddling and spooning into each other. You were looking so cute and innocent that I took your pictures, and then I noticed it was not as innocent as I thought, but well, I loved looking at you."
She handed over her phone, and in some pictures, we were looking really cute, and if anyone saw those, they would call us a couple. I said, "Oh, mum, do forward these to me as well; I will frame a couple of these."
She laughed and said, "Well, see the next ones; maybe you would want to frame those too." And in the next one, we were in this position where my arm was under her neck and hand onto her tit while she pushed back into me, and I had my other hand on her second tit while one of my legs was on top of her leg, and my cock was so hard. I was probably having morning wood, but the funny thing was that my cock was sliding against Eli's pussy and we were just holding each other like that.
Dad said, "Isn't that beautiful, huh?" And then asked me to move in as I needed Eli's company to keep me happy.
We were passing through the woods in some mountainous area when one of the tyres busted, dad controlled the car very well, and saved us from a definite crash. We got out and me and dad started working on the tyre to replace it. It took us a little while to change the tyre, but we did it eventually.
We only drove for another hour or so when we were passing through really dense woods and our car stopped again. We looked for the problem but couldn't find any, as the car just wouldn't start up. After almost 40 minutes, I looked at the fuel level and saw that it was completely empty. When dad saw this, he almost lost his mind because he just remembered that he had to get the tank filled at the time of leaving this morning, but because we were in a rush due to that police thing, it just skipped his mind.
What do we do now? was the question in everybody's mind. We started walking in different directions, but to no gain. There was no reception in the area, so any help that way was out of the question. Then dad suggested we go in different directions separately so we could find a solution before the evening. Mum and Eli didn't agree to it, and to be honest, neither was I comfortable with the idea of Mom and Eli going alone in the woods, especially when Eli and I did not even have any clothes on.
Reluctantly, mom agreed. I just wanted to go with Eli, but dad said it was not possible as we couldn't afford to be sitting there like that in the evening or night, god forbid. We decided to get back to this point in 2 hours at the most and see if any of us found some help or not.
Everyone parted and went in their own direction. I kept standing after walking only a little. I was looking at Eli because, for no reason, I was feeling something bad would happen. Many times Eli looked back; god, she looked terrified and yet so hot even in that state.
Once Eli was out of my sight, it just came to mind that her bra was still hanging by the rear view mirror and she could put that on at least, so I ran back to the car and pull out her bra and ran towards the direction Eli went, but I couldn't find her. I think I spent a good 15 or 20 minutes walking in her direction, even shouting her name, but couldn't find her.
I thought, "Well, I need to move in my own direction and see if I can find any help," so I started walking back towards my side. I had Eli's bra around my neck. I kept walking and walking when I felt as if I heard a scream. I quickly turned around and shouted, "Eli, is that you?" but I only heard another scream, and now I could clearly recognize it as Eli's scream.
I started running towards the voice, but I couldn't find her anywhere. But then again, I heard her clearly calling my name, so I shouted, "Eli. Eli, where are you? Please tell me," but it was all silence once again. After a few more minutes of running, I now heard her even more clearly; she was crying. I started moving towards her voice, and soon I saw her among a group of people.
I put my hand on my mouth, as I was just going to shout that I was coming to get her, when I realized those people were not being friendly to her. I had never seen people like them. I moved closer slowly; there were 5 men and 2 women, and 4 of the men were holding Eli in such a way that each of them had her leg or arm in their hand, and they were walking towards somewhere.
I started following them, and they never looked back even once, which meant either I was following them so discretely that they couldn't hear me, or if they did, they weren't bothered about it. After walking for maybe half an hour, I saw a hut-like house at a distance, so I stopped and saw them walking inside that house.
Once they all went in, I started getting closer, and I found a window to peek in, and what I saw terrified me because there were two scary-looking dogs chained to a table, and Eli was also put on that table, and her arms and legs were all chained in different directions as in an "X.". The dogs were growling, and Eli was crying to see them.
Suddenly a woman entered that room, came to Eli's side, and started slapping her right tit so hard and rough that Eli started screaming so loud. Gosh, her tit actually turned red now, and due to Eli's screaming, the dogs were also growling quite loudly now.
I was trying to think of what to do. I thought of just barging into the house, but then better sense prevailed, as I was no hero who could fight his way to Eli and then take her out of there. I knew I was unable to fight them.
I was just thinking of a possible solution when 3 of the men entered the room with the second woman, and when they saw one of her tits red, they said something to the first woman, which made her happy, and then, oh gosh, another 2 men also entered the room, but one of them was holding a couple of machetes and axes, and he put all those next to Eli on the table, and seeing that Eli stopped crying and screaming at once, It was as if she froze, and seeing her getting quiet, they all started laughing aloud in such horrible voices. Just then I sneezed, and all of them got quiet and looked towards the window where I was, and I think one of them saw me as well. I ran for my life immediately.
*****Wait for the next part to know what happened to Eli and if I could find any help for her or if I had to leave my sister behind. *****