Vacation Part 1
This story ended up being long and has been split into two parts, 'Two Friends Share Intimacy' Pt. 04' and 'Pt. 05'. This story starts below.


Part 1


I got a Skype call from my friend one day and we were just chatting. We started talking about vacations and fun places. Suddenly she suggested, 'Why don't we go to Cancun for Christmas?'
'Cancun?' I asked.
'Sure, I've done it a few times. Not always Christmas, but that time of the year is great.'
'Ok, how much would it cost?'
'Its super cheap, especially if you are sharing rooms. I think it usually comes to about $100/night,' she explained.
'Yeah, that's $100 a night, but then you have to add everything else in. Food, booze. It adds up pretty quickly.'
'No, it's all-inclusive.'
'What does that mean?' I asked.
'Ummm.....not sure how I can explain it other than that. The price includes everything. Food, booze, everything.'
'Really? That's a thing? That sounds much more interesting! What's Cancun like?'
'Well, I don't know what Cancun itself is like. I know what each resort I've stayed at is like, but there is never really any reason to leave the resort. We can find one where there is a pool, then you walk out of it and you are on the beach. If we are lucky, there will be a bar directly between the pool and the beach, and you will like the beaches.'
'I like beaches, but I'm usually disappointed by any beaches other than the ones at home. They are the best beaches in the world,' I said.
'I'm sure your beaches are lovely, but I was thinking that you would like these beaches because of the topless sunbathing.'
'Ah, I see your point. Yes, I do believe I would like these beaches in this all-inclusive resort you speak of,' I joked. Then I quickly made the connection between the topless beaches and my friend's regular visits. 'So, you said you have been many times. Does that mean you always go topless?'
'Ha, you are so predictable. Most people at the beaches I've been to wear swimwear just like normal. Some go topless, but the majority don't.'
'You are predictable too. You avoided the question. I asked if you go topless.'
'Well, I did once. Bear in mind that some of the times I was at these places I was a kid, so that wasn't really a thing. But I did go topless once.'
'Tell me about it,' I asked. As always, the talk of nudity, of voyeurism, of exhibitionism was fascinating to me. It was making me a bit hot, but mostly I was intrigued.
'Well, once I just decided to do it. I was with my girlfriend at the time. We were sunbathing and then decided to be daring and sunbath topless. It was REALLY weird. You are so conditioned to wearing clothes in front of other people. Anyway, at the start we were lying on our stomachs facing each other and talking about whether we wanted to do it. We kept coming back to the fact that no one would even notice, it would mostly just be us feeling weird about it. Eventually we undid our tops while lying face down, and after a while, trying to be as casual as we could, turned over. I kept waiting for everyone on the beach to turn around and look at me. After a while I realised no one was paying any more or less attention to me or my girlfriend than they were before, so, we just sunbathed topless for a while. It was awesome.'
'So, that time we sunbathed nude at your place a couple of years ago wasn't actually the first time?' I asked.
'Haha, no. I guess I didn't really think of it at the time. We didn't really sunbath nude in Cancun. Just topless.'
'Fair enough. So after that you just put your tops back on and went back to the pool?'
'Well, not exactly. We were sunbathing, lying next to each other. We were talking about how fun it was just being topless in public like that, and how it was making us both hot. I was getting wet and so was she. We were trying to work out what to do next, but then I just thought I'd commit. I just grabbed her hand and pulled her up, and we started walking to the beach. Again, no one really paid us any attention. We were just topless, it was normal. But it was such a turn on showing off my tits like that.'
'Well, I can understand, you to have spectacular tits,' I commented, not able to help myself.
'Well thank you, sir. Anyway, we kept walking to the water, and then into the water, and got up to about chest height.'
'Boob height,' I corrected.
'Yes, boob height. Then I pulled her closer and we kissed. Then I pushed my hand down her pants and started finger her. She did the same to me. We were close, our tits pushed against each other, out in the open for anyone to see. It was so hot.'
'You didn't really care about what anyone else thought or saw anymore?' I asked. I was intrigued about how 15 minutes earlier they were worried about being topless on the beach, now they were having sex in the open.
'Well, once we started there was no stopping us. Actually, once we started walking to the water there was no stopping us. Me at least. I was so hot just from the thrill of being nude in public.'
'Did you get each other off?'
'Eventually,' she replied and smiled. Then she continued, knowing I'd just ask for the details anyway.
'The waves weren't that big but big enough to knock us gently around. One time there was a big-ish surge and we nearly got pulled apart, but we were both hanging onto each other by the pussy as we were trying to make each other come.'
'Hahaha, now THAT'S a story!'
'Yes, I know,' she smiled. 'Anyway, we kept our balance and started kissing again. Passionate kisses, tongues pushing in each other's mouths. Then my girlfriend stopped kissing me and moved her head down to my tits. I squatted down a little so she would be mostly underwater and no one could see, and she started nibbling on one nipple, teasing the other with one hand and still fingering me with the other. Just being like that in the water, out in the open, being fingered and having my tits played with. Wow, makes me hot just thinking about it.'
'Me too!'
'Yes, that I pretty much assumed that. Anyway, she had to get air after a while, and then we kissed again. Just staying close and fingering each other hard. Pretty soon we got each other off. Then just kind of stayed there for a while in the water contemplating what to do. It was weird. After having sex in public, we were now nervous about walking back to our towels topless. We had released our sexual tension, so it was more awkward than erotic to be walking around half naked. In the end, we just kept on walking towards the sand and more and more of us was showing and no one was paying any attention. We got back, dried off, got dressed and went back to the bar.'
'Wow, that's pretty cool. How is it you've never told me about that before?' I asked. We have talked about different sexual experiences before but she had never mentioned this. I would have remembered!
'I'm not sure. It wasn't deliberate. Just never came up.'
'Well, thanks for sharing. I appreciate it. And as for your suggestion of finding somewhere to go for Christmas, why the hell not? Let's do it.'


Part 2


We agreed to do some research and caught up about a week later. I was lying in bed as it was early in the morning for me. She was in front of a fire at her place, lying under a blanket.
'So, what did you find out?' I asked.
'Well, there are a few options. They are all pretty much the same and pretty much the same cost. If we share a room it is obviously much cheaper, but if we get a rollaway bed it will add up quickly. Are you ok to share a bed?'
'Well, I'm ok if you're ok. You know that there are sometimes things that I can't control, but I promise to be respectful.'
'If you are talking about getting a hard on, yes I know that is a possibility. But as long as you keep it to yourself that's fine. Anyway, I'm ok with saving $50/night, therefore I'm ok with sharing a bed with you. My fiscal prudence outweighs my prudishness,' she said, and laughed.
'Well, I guess I can justify the costs going under those conditions.'
'Good. Ok, let's get back to the resort options and make a decision.'
'You know I don't really care about those sorts of things. As long as there is a swim-up bar in the pool, then I'm happy,' I said.
'Ok, so you don't care if there is a tequila machine attached to the wall in the room?'
'I beg your pardon?'
'Yup, those are the sorts of options you can have in these places.'
'Ok, I'll google 'Cancun Resorts' and we can start making decisions.'
'Me too,' she said.
'Just let me get out of bed so it's easier to use the computer, ok?'
Now, we had been close friends for about 10 years, but something happened a few years ago that changed things. Previously I would have turned the computer around and mostly closed it, to make sure that she didn't see that I was naked getting out of bed. After what happened a couple of years ago those things didn't really seem to matter anymore, so I just got up, grabbed the computer and went over to the coffee table to settle into some research on Cancun resorts. I didn't really pay attention to her while I was moving, so when I sat down and focussed on the screen again, I could see that she had moved as well, and was no longer under the blanket. She had sat up and was now and didn't seem to be wearing a top. I could see that she didn't have anything on her shoulders, but I couldn't quite see her tits. I tried to ignore this, but my dick didn't give me that option. I didn't mention anything though as I love that she is this comfortable with me, to be nude in front of me without really thinking about it, and I didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
'Ok, let's try to make a decision on this. I've just googled 'Cancun All-Inclusive'. What now?' I asked.
'Well, pick one.'
'There are too many,' I complained. 'Can we narrow the search? Are there different types?'
'Well, some are advertising 'Family Friendly'. I don't suppose we really need that,' she offered.
'Ok, I'll google Cancun All-Inclusive Adult.'
'Hahaha. You might be a bit surprised with your search results.'
'Why?' I said. 'Oh,' as I noticed that the search results were talking about 'Adult Only' resorts, which clearly didn't just mean that no children would be there. I started scrolling through and found one that advertised as 'topless optional'.
'I think this one would be good,' I suggested.
'Umm. No. Not an option,' she replied.
'Why not? I thought you liked doing it last time?'
'Well, it's not actually about the topless, more the type of place. I'm not really interested a party resort.'
'Yeah, good point, me neither. But what about this place? It says, 'clothing optional',' I suggested.
'Are you serious?' she asked.
'Kind of. Its intriguing. What about you?'
'I'm not interested in some place with sex parties and stuff. I just want a vacation in the sun.'
'Me too. Seriously. But this idea sounds interesting. I mean, we both like being nude. We have both been around each other nude. Hell, we are both sitting here chatting on Skype in the nude. Don't you want to at least see if there is a clothing optional place that looks nice?'
'Ok, you've convinced me. Let's at least have a look. But we will need to find another place we can tell people we are going to, just in case they ask.'
'Haha, deal,' I said. And we started investigating in earnest. After a while we had found something we liked.
'Ok, are we really going to do this?' she asked.
'I'm nervous!' I replied.
'Me too. But a bit turned on as well.'
'Me too.'
'Ok, I'm game if you are. I think it would be an awesome experience, and there is no one else I could share it with,' she said.
'Let's do it then.'
With that, we booked our vacation at a clothing optional resort.
'Oh, one more thing,' I said.
'What's that?'
'Have you been playing with yourself while we have been doing this?'
She smiled, and when she smiles her eyes are amazing. 'Yes. You?'
'Yes. Mind if I see?'
'I can't believe you are only just asking now. When we started looking for hotels and I sat up I thought you would ask to see my tits immediately. To be honest I was a bit disappointed.'
'You are such a tease. Actually, I deliberately didn't say anything because I didn't want to make a big deal of it.'
'Good move by you. It probably helped me to make the decision on the resort, knowing that it wasn't just about you wanting to see me naked.'
'Don't forget, 'Clothing Optional'. It doesn't mean you have to do anything. Or me.'
'I know. Anyway, if I recall you asked to see me playing with myself,' and with that she moved the camera back and settled back into the chair she was on.
'You realised this is the first time we have done this on Skype since the very first time. A lot has happened since then.'
'Yes and no,' she said. She was sitting on her couch, with her leg over one arm, and the other pushed aside. She was just gently rubbing her clit with one hand, rubbing her boob with the other. 'I guess a lot has happened, but my feelings haven't changed. I love being intimate with you like this. But I also don't want it to be a big thing. Just something nice that happens from time to time.
'I agree. Just part of our relationship. It's a different relationship, but it's nice!'
'It is. Speaking of nice, are you hot now?'
'I've been hot for a while, but I'm playing with myself now, if that is what you are asking.'
'Good, let me see.'
'Sure,' I replied, and moved the camera back a bit, then settled down on the couch, gently rubbing my dick.
'Tell me what you're thinking,' she said.
'I think you know what I'm thinking'
'Tell me anyway.'
'Well, I'm thinking that you look really hot doing that. That I love watching you play with yourself. I love that you can see me too.'
'I want you to come,' she said, in a more commanding voice than she had ever really used before. I was intrigued. I know that she likes being in control and the part of mutual masturbation she likes is knowing that she was making someone else hot and had the ability to control them like that.
'I think I can do that for you,' I said. And started playing with myself seriously. I was looking at her sitting there. It always turns me on to see a girl with her legs spread wide, and seeing her gently play with her clit and rub down her slit occasionally was awesome. I wasn't aware of myself, just of the vision in front of me.
'Keep going,' I heard. So I did. I looked up at her eyes, which were watching me intently. I could see that she had started tweaking a nipple, while playing with her pussy. Then I saw a finger going in and staying there. She started rubbing her clit with her palm, keeping the finger in. She was staring at me. I was just about there. Then I closed my eyes and came. I lost control for, I don't know how long. But it seemed longer than usual. I was twitching, the last of the come trying to get out of my dick. Then I relaxed and opened my eyes again. She was obviously in the process of coming, two fingers in her pussy and the other hand squeezing a handful of boob. She was looking at me closely, then smiled as she was coming down from her orgasm.
'I love watching you come,' she said. 'I love seeing your come-face and seeing you lose control.' Then she smiled again.
'I love just watching you sitting there, with you leg hooked over the arm of the chair, and 2 fingers in your pussy,' I replied.
'Did you make a mess?'
'Ha, I'm not sure. I hope not.' I looked around and saw that a little of my come had hit the computer screen none was on the keyboard. 'Nothing I can't clean up easily enough,' I said.
'Pity,' she said, and laughed.


Part 3


We arrived in Cancun late on the evening of Christmas Eve. It was hot and humid and the ride to the resort from the airport made me desperate for a swim once we arrived. We checked in and got to the room. It wasn't 5-star but it was fine. TV, king sized bed, towels in a fancy swan design. The best part was there was a tequila bottle attached to the wall, just like in a bar. I went over to the bed to drop my bag, and by the time I did that I heard a clink of glasses. I turned around and my friend was already getting shots. She came over and handed me mine. 'Cheers,' we both said as we looked each other in the eye. Then the shot was done. She took my glass, immediately refilled it, and we had another one.
'Nice way to start the vacation,' I said.
'Yeah, I thought we should kick it off properly.'
With that, I went back over to the bed. 'Do you prefer a side?' I asked.
'Not really, you stay where you are.'
We both started unpacking and sorting ourselves out.
'Ok, I really need a shower,' she said.
'Why don't we just go for a swim?'
'Haha, of course. Why didn't I think of that!'
'Done, let's get organised. We can probably bring the bottle of tequila with us.'
'Um, no. I don't think that would be a good idea on our first night. Let's just wait and see how strict they are at this place. They probably won't want glass around the pool.'
'Good call.'
So now was the time, I realised, we would discover just how comfortable we would be sharing a room now that nudity between us wasn't really an issue. I found my swimsuit and hesitated for a moment. Then thought, 'screw it,' and stripped down until I was naked, then put on the shorts. I was trying to be quick, but I struggled getting my second foot in. I was losing balance and started hopping. The hopping didn't help and eventually I fell onto the floor, one foot through a leg hole, the other stuck. I hear the inevitable laughing and feel my cheeks starting to burn. I stand up, turn to my friend, trying to regain my dignity, and realised that I'm there naked.
'So, you need some help there?' she asked.
'No thanks, I'll be fine. You just sort yourself out.'
I sat on the bed and managed to put on my swimsuit successfully this time. When I looked up I could see my friend change in the mirrored door of the closet. 'Jeez, you look like a ghost,' I said.
'Shut-up. You know it's winter where I'm from. I can't just run around outside and get a tan like you can at the moment. Speaking of which, someone has been sunbathing nude, haven't they?'
'Sure have. Just a little each day. Anyway, hurry up and let's go for a swim.'
It was nearly midnight as we walked from our cabin through the grounds to the pool. The buzz from the tequila was there and I was just in a great mood, having finally got to Cancun. I suggested, 'why don't we go for a swim in the ocean first?'
'Why don't we? Because we will have to trek through the sand to get there, instead of just walking down the steps into the pool.'
'I was thinking more of the idea of going to the beach, then getting changed before walking to the water.'
'I figured you were thinking of that. I'm game, I think that'll be fun, though it might just be the tequila talking.'
With that I took her hand and we walked to the beach. There were rows of sunbeds set up for the next day. The beach was beautiful, with palm trees swaying in the gentle breeze. The moon was almost full and was glittering on the waves. It was a perfect night.
We stopped at a sunbed closest to the beach and took our clothes off. We looked at each other, smiled, then held hands again as we walked to the ocean.
'Ok, well, I feel pretty hot right now. Hard-on alert, sorry,' I said.
'Don't be sorry dumbass, I know it's going to happen. It is fine.'
'Ok, I'll just try to ignore it then. But it's isn't that easy. Like I've said before, I wish I had boobs, especially ones as great as yours,' I added with a smile. 'They might always be sticking out and attracting attention, but at least people are used to them sticking out.'
'Yeah, I know.'
'So how are you feeling about walking around naked?' I asked.
'Pretty damn great. I definitely need to cool down in the water!'
'Anything in particular.'
'Well, my tits bouncing like they are seems a bit weird, but nice. Normally they are strapped in with a sports bra, or I'm really conscious of them bouncing. Here it is just what they do.'
'I feel the same about my dick. I don't normally walk this far naked, so it's just getting in a routine, bouncing around.'
With that we got to the water and started wading in. The waves were gentle and the water was warm. It wasn't quite as refreshing as a shower, but the benefits outweighed the negatives. After a while we started moving back to the beach and our clothes. We walked calmly and happily, still the only ones on the beach. The closer to the sunbed we got the hotter I felt. I think it was because we were getting closer to the population of the resort. But still, no one was around. We dried off and put our clothes back on. I was trying so hard not to watch my friend get dressed, as I knew it would set off my dick. We walked back through the resort to our room, again, hand in hand.
Back in the room, we closed the door, then both immediately started laughing.
'Wow, that was fun,' said my friend.
'Yeah. I can't really believe we just did it. It was fun to share that with you.'
'Same with you. And I don't think I know anyone else I could ever share that with.' She turned and gave me a hug. We always hug a lot, maybe because we spend such long times being on the other side of the world from each other.
I pulled away from the hug, but she didn't want to let go.
'What are you doing?' she said. 'Got better things to do?'
'Well, I was just.... Well, hugging a beautiful woman in a bikini was making me hard, so ....that's why I pulled away.'
'Don't be stupid, I thought we had covered that,' she said, and she pulled me back close. My arms were around her back on her bare skin, and I could feel my dick getting hard and pushing against her leg. We just held each other for a while, my dick getting harder but my friend not caring. In the end, I kissed her gently on the lips and said, 'that was nice, I miss that a lot.'
And with that we separated and went to our sides of the bed.
She took off her bikini and I couldn't help but watch her, while I was taking off my swimsuit. Then she started going through her bag until she found what she wanted, and put on a loose t-shirt and workout shorts. It was then that I realised something.
'Crap,' I said. 'I just realised I didn't bring anything to wear to bed.'
'That's ok, I kind of figured.'
'Sure?'
'Yes. I know you usually sleep in the nude.'
'Ok, I just thought that with you wearing what you are wearing....'
'Haha. You know what. I hadn't thought of that. This is just what I wear to bed. It's habit. I didn't really pay any attention. Though now that you mention it, it does seem a little silly to dress for bed in a 'clothing optional' resort.'
She took off her clothes again, and slipped into bed.
I got in next to her. The bed was huge and we had plenty of room.
'Want to watch anything?' I asked.
'Sure, though I think I'll fall asleep pretty soon.'
I found the remote and started scrolling through the Mexican cable shows, until I saw something interesting. It wasn't what I expected to see on TV. 'Is that what I think it is?' I asked.
'I would think you of all people would know what that is,' and she laughed.
'Good point. Ok, in that case I'll change it to a statement. That is a Girls Gone Wild advertisement.' Then I hesitated, 'actually I don't think it is an advertisement, I think it's an actual movie.'
'Really? How do you know?'
'Well, in advertisements I don't think they show this much. It's usually just quick highlights. Do you want me to change stations?'
'What do you want to do?'
'Ok, oversharing alert, I would like to keep watching this, masturbate to it, and then go to sleep happy.'
'Haha, that's funny, I was thinking much the same thing,' she smiled.
'So, we're doing this?'
'We've done more. And I really do feel the same. I'm still hot from being naked outside. I was actually thinking about waiting until you were asleep and then getting myself off.' Then she pushed the sheets down below her waist, spread her legs and started rubbing her clit. The sheets on my side were hooked on my already hard dick. I pushed it down, giving me access to my dick. Then I looked over to my friend.
'Jesus, you look hot,' I said.
'I am hot,' she said and smiled. 'I haven't actually seen one of these things before, and I know you have seen many. What should I expect.'
'Well, young girls flash their tits at the camera.'
'Ok, that sounds good to me.'
'That's not the only thing,' I added.
'Really? What else?'
'Well, girls go into the bus, where there is a bed, and get naked. Some of them masturbate.'
'What? Really? I thought it was all just tits on beaches and stuff.'
'I think that's what they started with, but then got more and more into it. There are also lesbian scenes and the odd threesome.'
'Really!? Like, girls kissing?'
'Yeah, like girls kissing. And eating each other's pussies, fingering each other and playing with dildos.'
'Wow, I had no idea. Ok, this might be a bit more interesting.'
We settled back to watch, each of us rubbing ourselves, comfortable being next to each other. Then a girl came on, big blue eyes, huge tits.
'This looks promising,' my friend said.
'It's funny that blue eyes and big tits are both of our types.'
We kept watching. The girl on the video was shy but was gradually talked into taking her top off. Then she was asked to flash her pussy, which she did after some hesitation, and not long after she was naked on the bed masturbating.
'Ok, I don't have long to go,' she said. That was just about enough to finish me off too. I ended up just grunting agreement with her, as I was trying to concentrate on both the screen and my friend at the same time. I came on my stomach and chest while I was watching my friend reach climax. As I recovered I was just in time to watch both my friend and the hot girl on the screen coming.
'Feel better?' I asked.
She looked over at me, one finger still in her pussy and her cheeks flushed. 'Much better. That was fun. I might need to find out more about these videos.'
'I have all the information you'll need,' I said.
Then she saw my chest. 'Are you going to clean that off?'
'Of course,' and I got up to get a hand towel from the bathroom.
'You better not mix that up with the clean ones,' said joked.
'Ha, no problem. I'll just keep it next to the bed.'
'Night buddy,' she said. 'I'm so happy to be here with you.
'Me too sweetie,' and with that we rolled over, facing each other, and went to sleep


Part 4


I woke up in the morning and looked around. I'd slept like a log after all the travel the previous day. Then I remembered what happened just before going to sleep and I smiled. I looked over at my friend and saw that she was still asleep. The sheet we had on the bed had ridden down and her tits were uncovered. She looked great, peaceful, relaxed. I was happy just watching her tits slowly go up and down as she breathed. I tentatively reached over and gently rubbed her nipple. I stroked it softly and felt it getting harder and harder. When it was big enough I gently tweaked it, rubbing it between my finger and thumb. I was happily lying there, rubbing her while she slept, when I remembered that it was Christmas Day, and I had a special gift for her.
I tried to get out of bed without waking her and thought that I succeeded. I quietly went to my bag and rummaged through, found the present and pulled it out.
'What're you doing?' I heard her voice ask.
I stood up and turned around, realising that I was naked, but not worrying about it. I smiled and said, 'I'm getting your Christmas present.'
'Oh, wait, I've got you something too.' With that she jumped out of bed and went to her bag. She leaned down to do the same as I'd just done, and I could see her pussy and ass in a beautiful view.
'Careful,' I said, 'I think I can handle the nudity without getting a hard-on too often, but not if you're flashing your pussy at me.'
'Sorry, I didn't mean it,' she said. She stood up and turned around, with a gift in her hand. 'Actually, I wanted to talk about that. Let's do it now before the gifts.'
'Umm....it better be important! This is Christmas after all.'
'I think it's worthwhile.'
'Ok, what's up?' I said and went over to sit on the bed. She joined me.
'Well,' she said, 'I think we should agree on our own 'Clothing Optional' rules.'
'What do you mean?'
'I mean, we should work out what is ok and what isn't. I'm thinking more about what happens inside the room than out of the room. I think that outside we will just take the lead from everyone else.'
'Ok. You're right, that's probably a good idea. What do you think?'
'Well, I really just wanted your agreement that we can be naked in the room, without any dramas. I've been looking forward to this vacation a lot, and I'd love to be completely relaxed in the room, without thinking about whether there is any awkwardness.'
'Like me saying, "your pussy is showing"?'
'Yes. I didn't mind you saying it, but I don't really want to be worrying about what is showing and what isn't. I'd rather just completely relax.'
'I think that would be great.'
'And, most importantly, the nudity doesn't mean anything sexual. It doesn't mean I'm horny. It just is what I'm wearing, or not.'
'Ok. That sounds good to me. The only problem I'll have is when the pokey thing does things that I can't control.'
'That's fine. I kind of like knowing that I have more control over the pokey thing than you do!' she laughed.
'Yeah, I thought you did. And I don't mind that either.'
'Well that should work out well!' she said. 'Ok, we are agreed then? Naked in the room, but just for comfort and fun, not for teasing.'
'Agreed.'
'Great, now let's get to the gift giving. I'm excited. I think I got you the perfect gift, so I go first!'
'Not that it's a competition, right? Ok, you go first.'
She handed me the gift and I opened it up. The wrapping came off easily, and I saw what it was. I looked up and laughed. 'A fleshlight!? That is the gift you think is perfect for me?'
'Do you like it?' she asked earnestly.
'Hahahahaha. I love it. Thanks sweetie', and I leaned over to kiss her. She leaned over and we had a quick hug, and I could feel her tits pressing against me. I tried to stay in control.
'You sure you like it?' she asked again.
'I do. In case you are wondering, no I don't have one. I've been curious lately what they are like though, and the model is perfect, how did you know?'
'How did I know what?'
'How did you know that I love Tori Black?'
'Hahaha. I didn't know. That's cool though.'
'Well, why did you pick this one?'
She smiled, looking a bit embarrassed. 'Well, to be honest, there were a few options, but I liked the pussy lips on that one the most, so that's the one I got.'
'Well, they do look nice. Thanks sweetie, that is an awesome gift.'
'You're welcome. Ok, my turn now, right?' she asked.
'Yep,' and I picked up my gift to her and handed it over. She shook it, listening intently.
'Can you work out what it is?'
'Ha, no idea at all. Ok, here goes.' With that she quickly ripped off the paper.
'Ummm. What the hell is it?' she asked. Then she read the box, 'Lelo ORA 2 Rechargable Oral Sex Simulator.' She looked up, 'so, it's a dildo?' And she burst out laughing. I was surprised at first but then joined in. We roared with laughter, thinking how funny, and ridiculous it was that we both thought of getting the other a sex toy for Christmas. How surprising but unsurprising it was. Eventually we stopped laughing and she wiped her eyes.
'Ok, we have established that we are both predictable with our gift ideas. But I still need to work out, what is it? It's a round shape with a hole in the middle. It's like an egg shaped donut. What's supposed to happen?'
'Why don't you read the box?'
'Ok - that makes sense.' And she was silent for a while. 'Ahhh, it's supposed to replicate someone licking my pussy. Now THAT is a great idea. Thanks for that.' She smiled and leaned over. We hug again, her tits excited me again.
'Are you going to open it?' I asked.
'Now?'
'Of course.'
She smiled and started to open the box. I did the same with my fleshlight. We both held up our gifts and felt the materials. Looked all around them.
'Can I see?' she said, and we swapped toys. The toy I gave her was pretty interesting. Pink with gold on the inside of the 'donut'. I noticed the on-switch and thought I'd see if it was powered up. It was, and it softly buzzed. 'Oh, you found the on switch, give it here.'
We swapped toys and I pushed my finger into the outline of Tori Black's pussy. It was tighter than I was expecting. I looked up and my friend was feeling the surface of the toy. 'It's supposed to go against your pussy lips,' I helped. She looked up and smiled. Then she rearranged the pillows on the bed and settled herself back on them. She spread her legs and moved the toy down to her right nipple.
I was watching closely by now. 'I said, it's for your pussy,' I teased. But she was busy teasing herself too.
'I know that!' she joked, 'I just wanted to start slow.' With that she moved the toy down to her clit. She rubbed it back and forth.
'What's that like?' I asked.
'Pretty great, especially considering it isn't even the main design.' Then she moved it down and tested it on her pussy lips. She smiled and leaned back some more. She pushed it harder into her pussy, and rubbing it up to her clit and back down again.
'It looks like you are enjoying that.'
'Hell yeah. What's your gift like?' she asked, looking at me, and she smiled.
I smiled back and grabbed some more pillows. I wanted to be able to see what she was doing so I put them at the other end of the bed and leaned back. I reached for the fleshlight, and with my other hand I reached for my cock. I could feel that it was already a bit wet from precum, but I thought I should add some more lotion. 'Hold that thought,' I said, and I got up and got some moisturiser from my luggage. I got back on the bed and squeezed some into my hand. I covered my cock with it, then looked up. She was watching me, still playing with the toy between her legs. I kept my eyes locked on hers and moved the fleshlight towards my cock. I pushed my nob against the opening and it gave way a little. I pushed further and it gradually enveloped my dick.
'What does that feel like?' she asked.
'It's pretty great. A lot tighter than I was expecting, but it feels good.'
'Better than just playing with yourself?'
'Better. Different. What about you?'
'Well, it feels great. Not completely like someone licking my pussy, but great,' and she smiled.
I started pumping the fleshlight harder and faster, all the while locking eyes with her. She was rubbing faster, more urgently. I looked at her pussy, and pumped harder. We kept going until we both came. Then I moved my pillows next to hers and put my arm around her. She nestled on my shoulder.
'This is nice,' she said.
'It is,' I agreed. 'It's a little weird too though, right?'
'I've been thinking about that,' she said. 'It is weird, but not really that weird. Not weird like furries or golden showers.'
'Haha, yes, I guess on the scale of normal to weird it isn't too bad.'
'I don't think so. And anyway, I'm sure many people would think that this is a lot more normal for a guy and a girl to masturbate together than if i was having sex with another girl.'
'Very good point.'
'Like I said,' she continued, 'I was thinking that it is weird. But it is ok. It isn't hurting anyone and we both enjoy it. Also, it satisfies us both in a unique way. Maybe not completely but it's is pretty good. You have your exhibitionism and voyeurism. I have my own exhibitionism, and I like the control I have over you when we do it. I suspect you would prefer to be having sex with a girl, and I would too, but this is pretty good.'
'Thanks for saying that. I think pretty much the same, though to be honest I'm not completely sure I'd prefer to be having sex. I think that maybe they would be equal.'
'Well, I guess you can't help being turned on by my hotness.'
'No, I can't,' I laughed, and kissed her on the top of her head. She looked up and we kissed on the lips. Gently.
'Ok,' she asked, 'what now?'
'Well, I supposed we should shower and go to breakfast. But first, a shot!'
I went and got us shots, while she got up and went to the shower. I heard the water turn on.
'Can you grab my toiletries out of my luggage?' came a voice from the bathroom.
I went to her luggage and looked around. I couldn't find it at first so I started taking things out of the bag. Then I found something long and thin and looking suspiciously like a vibrator that I'd seen before. I laughed to myself. Eventually I found the toiletries and went to the bathroom, one hand with the bag, and the other with the vibrator.
I knocked on the door, which was half closed.
'Don't be a dumbass,' she said. 'You are fine to come in without knocking.'
'Sorry, force of habit.' I walked in and held up the vibrator. 'Sorry, but I found this while I was looking for the toiletries.'
I could see her in the shower. It was an open shower in a spacious bathroom. She was facing me. Water was pouring down her tits, making them slick and shiny. She laughed and said, 'Yes, well. I thought I better bring it, just in case. But it turns out I didn't need to.'
'Can't be too careful,' I said. Then I had an idea. What would she say? What would she do? I think she would be fine about it, but I was a bit worried. While I was thinking this I was getting hot thinking about my plan and my cock started to get hard.
'What are you thinking about,' she said. 'Whatever it is, I have a feeling you are up to no good.'
I looked up, 'do you trust me?' I asked.
'I completely trust you, you know that.'
So, with that approval I turned on the vibrator and went into the shower. I pushed the vibrator gently against her clit, then pushed it down further. I pushed it up into her pussy. She was looking at me, an expression of surprise and lust, but no hesitation. I pushed it all the way in so the clit stimulator was doing its job. I held it in place while she moved closer, reached behind me to slap my ass. Hard. She was looking at me for a reaction, but I just looked back. She slapped me again. It was a bit of a shock, but it didn't really hurt. The sensation was turning me on though, and it was clearly turning her on to be doing it. She slapped again, this time with the other hand. And again. I started pumping the vibrator in and out of her. She closed her eyes, nearly ready to come. Then I slapped her butt and she yelled out instantly. Her knees started to give way so I let go of the vibrator and held her up. We stood there under the shower for a while. Then she opened her eyes and looked at me.
'Fuck me. That was amazing. I can't believe I've come twice before breakfast! I can also say that I was right to trust you. That was inspired.'
'I'm very glad you liked it. Love you sweetie.'
'Love you too.'
This story ended up being long and has been split into two parts. It continues in 'Two Friends Share Intimacy Pt. 05'.