Vaid Empire: Conquestis a massive fantasy series that aims to mixeroticawith the quality of a published novel. New chapters and artwork are released every month absolutely free, with the completely optional possibility to receive early access. The Series focuses heavily on worldbuilding, story, and characters.
The world of Ayphieal is shattered and chaotic, with kingdoms and tribes of six distinctive races vying for territory amongst themselves. It is only when a young human warrior finally pushes back against the chaos that the world begins to shift towards order.
***



36th of Silla, 4 BVE.
Kingdom of Vaidrin, Domani.
A hush lingered over the room, crammed with worried faces. They all looked to their new leader, a woman whose gaunt face did little to hide what they must all be feeling. Though once beautiful, the utter panic of the last month had done its damage. When she finally spoke, she stepped up onto a chair to raise herself above the gathering.
"I know you've all suffered, and the news that I bring today will not diminish that hardship. Yet...I must confirm that the rumors are true. Our second safehouse was struck last night in a raid that left no survivors."
The news forced several wails of anguish to echo through the room, located in one of the many newly constructed stone buildings of Domani.
The woman held her hand out to quiet them. "I understand that several of you had brothers, sisters, and friends who resided there. I share your loss, yet let their deaths be a reminder to why we fight! Why The Cult of Ortis must never be stamped out!" She exclaimed, allowing her voice to raise to a dramatic pitch as she attempted to salvage the situation. "Their blood stains the hands of the tyrant!"
Several members cried out in agreement, while others looked around nervously as if The God King himself would strike them down.
"He's hunted us for nearly a full moon, yet we remain! Let his guards interrogate whoever they'd like, as their brutality only proves our cause!"
Again another cheer, though noticeably more subdued than the last. A woman near the rear burst into tears, covering her mouth to regain her composure.
The leader gritted her teeth with concern, lowering her voice to attempt a different approach. "I understand that many of you disagreed with making an attempt on the tyrant's life so soon. I...cannot argue that you were wrong, yet this is the situation in which we've been placed. As such...it comes to this." She said, holding up the thin wooden plates that she gripped tightly. "You've all read these words...this distributed heresy! Not only does he grant himself the title of king, a title that he dares to hold over us all, but now he demands worship as The GOD King!"
A man near the front of the group spit on the floor in disgust, crossing his arms across his chest in a Falexian gesture to ward off evil.
"Whichever settlement you originated from before his mandatory relocation order is irrelevant. We've always fought over our gods, our beliefs, yet now we stand together in the knowledge that he isnotamong them. It was our right to disagree! To debate! To fight!" the leader announced, scanning the room to gauge their reactions. "He has infected every aspect of our lives! Our traditions, our faiths, our cultures...and now...even our bloodlines. Day by day young women are voluntarily brought before the tyrant, mistakenly believing that they are somehow committing a divine act in service to their God and to their families. They return, babies in their bellies, spreading hisvileseed amongst us!"
As she spoke, the group slowly became aware of the soft rumblings of footsteps beyond their stone walls. A hushed whisper called out just beyond the door, far too quiet to make out.
The leader turned her head, feeling her stomach drop at the realization of what was about to occur. Before she could utter another word, the door crashed inwards, followed by a flood of white cloaked warriors.
***
Seated at the dining table Xenia watched as Pilsi preformed her duties, pouring the slave-brewed liquid into Briza's chalice. The female warrior thanked the scantily clad young woman before picking up the drink, beckoning the tiny Pintila towards her. The small bluish creature slithered over the surface of the table towards her, essentially an oversized worm with a sharp barb protruding from its rear. Grabbing it gently in one hand, she kept her eyes on Xenia as she tipped the chalice to drip several drops into the Pintila's circular mouth. Though the creature was resistant to nearly all poisons, it's skin would break out into bright red blemishes if it detected even a miniscule amount.
The Pintila's blue skin seemingly remained the same, allowing the suspicion in Briza's eyes to lessen somewhat as she looked away from Xenia. She allowed the Pintila to scurry back to the center of the large table as it had been trained, finally drinking the liquid with a sense of ease.
Xenia suppressed a smile, returning her attention to her own meal. For many days and many nights, she had experimented with the Pintila, discovering the precise substances and specific quantities of said substances that would slip past the creature's detection. Her life as a healer aided her greatly as she had finally succeeded the previous night, though only to a small extent. Judging by Briza's reaction just now, she had evidently missed the nearly imperceptible spots that had sprouted on the creature's skin. Of course, the poison was FAR too weak to kill her, though it would cause great fatigue over the course of many days.
"Rest easy tonight, Briza, for when the time comes for them to strike you down, you may find yourself too weak to fight back."Xenia thought to herself with satisfaction as she glanced at the twin slaves. Having finished their tasks, they had been ordered to dance atop the table. "Spend your last days well..."
Dominax watched the slaves' gyrating bodies, using his powers to convert a typical helmet into one of chimira steel before handing it off to a servant that swapped it with yet another. He cared little for the slight weariness that such efforts caused him, yet he longed for the day when his children would be able to assist him in this task. Each piece of white armor that he produced would be distributed to only his most skilled warriors, while nearly all now wore the white chimira silk cloaks and black bodysuits that became the face of his army.
Clin entered the dining chamber with a grim expression, crossing the room and kneeling before The God King.
"Rise, tell me what has happened. Did Hesin's infiltration scheme pan out as promised?" Dominax asked, standing up from his chair to face the man
Nodding, Clin joined him on his feet. "Yes my lord, we learned of their last safehouse in Domani."
"And?"
"We executed a raid this morning." The blond warrior reported, unable to look his ruler in the eye. "There were no survivors."
Dominax placed his hands on Clin's shoulders, grinning deviously. "Ahwelldone! They have paid the price for insurrection!"
"Yes my lord, they have." He replied, holding no joy in his tone.
The grin on Dominax's face lessened. "Come, what is troubling you after such a complete victory?"
Though somewhat hesitant, Clin finally looked into Dominax's silver eyes. "I inspected the aftermath myself. There were...quite a few that appeared to be ordinary citizens..."
"Ordinary? No. Anythingbut.They willingly engaged in the attempted murder of their ruler."
"I'm aware of their crimes, my lord. I simply...expected otherwise. To engage a fellow warrior in battle is a very different matter than the slaughter of ordinary men and women, no matter where their loyalties lay."
Dominax nodded knowingly, removing his hands. "Tell me, did you pass through the marketplace on your way here?"
"I...did. Why do you ask?"
"What did you see?" Dominax asked in a calm voice.
"I suppose I saw what everyone sees, people going about their day." Clin answered in confusion, only to be prompted to continue. "There were market stalls, buildings, and stacks of various goods. I'm not sure where this..."
"You saw life where that was once only a stretch of field and dirt. You saw prosperity where there was once nothing. You saw my rule, and the beings that it directly benefits." Dominax explained with conviction, attempting to keep the harsh edge out of his tone. He knew that such a man would respond far better without being met with rage. "The...creaturesthat referred to themselves as The Cult of Ortis threatened to take that all away, to diminish the lives of our people. Without my guiding hand they'd simply revert to the violent and primitive nature that has ruled them since the creation of Ayphieal."
"There is no need to question my loyalty to your rule my lord, as I've more than proven its existence." Clin responded dutifully, holding up his hand to display his missing finger. "I know that what has been done is for the best, as more people will benefit greatly in the long run, yet it...remains difficult to recognize sometimes. You've said that you believe that what we are doing is the right thing to do, thegoodthing to do, and...I trust you."
"Very good, Clin." He replied in his deep voice. "Rest assured that all those beings beyond these walls will one day look back and thank you for your efforts. We must remain vigilant, as both Hesin and I strongly suspect that thisculthas seeped beyond Domani. Yet, the capital is secure for now. Come, my faithful servant of the future, take a seat and join us."
***
49th of Silla, 4 BVE.
Kingdom of Vaidrin, Domani.
"Does she please you, my God King?" Pria asked, presenting the warm body of a young woman with wavy black curls that toppled over her breasts. Her lightly tanned skin brought a vibrancy to her curves, while faint freckles complimented her youthful face.
"Indeed she does." Dominax replied as his eyes swept over her nude body, taking in every exquisite detail as her cheeks blushed with gratitude. "You've done well Pria. Now go, pregnant women have no place among us this day."
"Thank you, master." The slave replied in understanding before returning to The Royal Stronghold.
In an open area that would one day be the city square if all went as planned, hundreds of men and women had gathered before their God King in visible anticipation. Where market stalls and busy crowds typically utilized the clearing, there now stood a large portion of Domani's nude and fertile population. All couples or individuals who were prepared to breed had attended the ceremony, waiting with an excitement that could nearly be tasted.
As a large, cushioned altar had been temporarily constructed at the future entrance to The Grand Pyramid, Dominax allowed his mate to lay down as he studied the sea of devoted flesh.
"As we move past the horrors of The Cult of Ortis, this day shall be one of celebration! In the wake of their deaths, we shall breed new life into Ayphieal!" Dominax shouted, continuing his lengthy speech after accepting the young girl, one of the most beautiful of the population. With her soft legs spread wide, she readied her exquisite womanhood for his entrance. "The infection of their heresy has been burned away, making room for those who are loyal to all we stand for! Let this be the beginning of a tradition, one where we can look back at our victories and give life to the future! Now, let this Day of New Life truly begin!"
They all remained silent as Dominax mounted the altar, as if the entire city held its breath in anticipation. Several leaned forward to get a better view, knowing they must wait until their God King was the first to enter.
The curly haired girl let out a sensual moan as she was penetrated, initiating a wave of movement throughout the settlement as they all rushed to indulge themselves. Having brought various fabrics and cushions from their homes, many moved to the ground while others threw themselves into each other's arms.
Dominax felt her moist inner walls caressing his erection, peering down at her gorgeously youthful face. She reveled under his muscular body, enthralled by the fact that she had been selected to be his mate. Any woman would have risked her life to be in her position, yet it was her supple vagina accepting his manhood on this day.
Groans and elated screams tore through the settlement as countless penetrations occurred. Their cries rose louder and louder, for they weren't merely engaging in casual sex for the sake of pleasure, but with the full intention of procreation. Every man and woman that lay wrapped in each other's nude forms only held the desire to breed, utterly believing that any child conceived in the presence of their God King must surely be blessed.
With his hips moving in a slow rhythm, Dominax held himself up with one hand while he used the other to cup the young woman's firm breast. Her youthful fertility called to him, beckoning him to give her his seed.
"My lord...my king..." the girl moaned, gyrating her childbearing hips to match his movements. "I am yours...."
He lightly tweaked her hard nipple, hearing the thunderous cries of passion that tore through the sky. Each moan came forth from the mouth of a being that remained utterly devoted to him, a realization that only increased his arousal. Each womb filled on this day would birth a new follower, a new subject to his crown.
"I shall grant them peace and comfort..."Dominax thought to himself as pleasure ran through his mind. "And in return, they shall be mine..."
He looked over the sea of writhing bodies that encompassed the beauty of Domani's female population, the virility of their young men. Many were clumped together as individual couples striving for children that would seal their love. The majority, however, seemed to be strangers, mixing and swapping as females accepted the seed from various lovers. They'd be unaware of the paternity of their children, yet the most potent seed would prevail.
The many women that had shared Dominax's bed remained absent wherever he peered, undoubtedly observing from their homes as they wouldn't dare risk the paternity of their sacred unborn children. Nearly every night had been spent with a new woman, each of them leaving with his seed in their young wombs.
Steadily his thrusts increased, fueled by the view of countless breeding bodies. Mounted atop his short alter, he could practically smell the aroma of their collective sex.
"Yeeesss...give me your DIVINE child...allow me to mother it..." the girl begged, laying her hands above her head to sensually show off her pristine body.
Dominax allowed a tiny zap of electricity from his fingertips through her nipple, inciting a surprised yelp from her before she bit her innocent lip in clear desire. Her womanly form squirmed beneath him, pressed against his battle-hardened musculature.
"Our child...will be beautiful..." she moaned, her breathing deep with satisfaction. Each thrust pressed as deeply as possible, leaving her womb no hope of resisting. Her pussy ached for his sperm, craving to be impregnated.
The bright sun caressed the massive crowd, illuminating their lovemaking for all to see. Minute after minute passed as cries of climax echoed off the stone buildings, coaxing a scene of ecstasy throughout Domani. With all citizens stemming from other nearby settlements, the ceremony acted to unify as neither man nor woman showed any concern of where their partners had originated from.
"Ooooohhhh yesssmy God King...harder..."the girl moaned as he steadily increased his speed until he was nearly pounding her into the cushion.
He gazed over his people, noting that many of them had slightly tanned during their time as builders of The Grand Pyramid. He wondered how torturous it must be for Lalian to command them day after day, viewing their alluring forms while unable to act on his biological need.
Smelling the sweet scent of his mate as his cock rammed over and over into her snug tunnel, he let out a breath of satisfaction as he acknowledged his true aims to himself.
"They shall all carry my children, spreading my seed until no single living humanoid remains that isn't descended from me. I shall watch over my people, my children, eternally."He thought to himself, the thought pushing him closer towards a climax. "ALL shall be of my blood, species worth protecting. Humans, Arkos, Lanthian, Tazik, Dril, even Lish, it matters little."
"Cum....my lord!" She shouted, reaching up to hold onto him as she pulled him closer. "Mix our blood...give me a child!"
The ceremony had left his people panting hard on the ground, wrapped in the bodies of their lovers as they recovered. The amount of seed that had been spilled would bring forth the next generation of Domani, conceived in devotion to their ruler.
To confirm their beliefs, Dominax raised his hand and loosed a massive web of electricity and flame through the air, forcing startled cries before a cheer of awe erupted through the settlement.
He rammed his hips against hers, holding her firmly as his sperm was unleashed. She wrapped her legs around him, desperately attempting to take as much as she could handle.
They both cried out in passion, locked together as thick ropes of cum spewed into her fertile young womb. Her eyes rolled back as her body spasmed, experiencing an orgasm brought on by her utter fervor towards his godhood. To experience the being whom she truly believed to be a God fill her with his sperm nearly overwhelmed her, leaving her gasping in bliss.
Several individuals who had finished their breeding moved to kneel, bowing in praise as they watched him inseminate his mate. Dominax ignored them, focusing his entire being on his climaxing cock. He groaned as it slowly faded, leaving him chuckling into her ear.
"I shall save you all."
14th of Senin, 4 BVE.
Dril Tundra, The City of Shai.
Buried deep in the heart of The Citadel, one could nearly forget the harsh snows that perpetually blew across all that lay above. The chamber continued to feel unnaturally warm to Varse as he cradled the child in his arms. He had attempted to limit his visits to the hidden sanctum of spies and assassins, yet he could no longer delay the inevitable. Every day that the child continued to be looked after inside The Citadel fed the rumors of its true paternity, an issue that only added to The Potentate's heap of concerns following the death of Tsida.



"This is the boy?" The Dril asked, eying the child with his single red eye. A large scar had carved away the other, partially concealed behind a black cloth tied around the man's hairless head. The pointed tip of his left ear had been torn away, granting him a lopsided appearance from the neck up.
"Indeed." Varse replied gravely as his body was soaked in a deep numbness. "Do you understand your task?"
The man nodded, flexing the lean muscle in his neck that had been solidified through decades of combat. "Aye, my Potentate. Your message was clear.
"Though not clear enough, as there's been an adjustment. Your men will no longer deliver him to Clan Tirrus, but rather to the city ofmyclan, Ishtai. Additionally, his caretaker shall not be selected among your spies, but YOU specifically. You shall be granted a residency in Ishtai, and once there, you shall train the boy in your...ways. Is that clear?"
The Dril appeared to be taken aback before quickly regaining composure. "Sir...surely you must realize that such a task shall remove me from your service. Is it wise to waste your best man on this...child?"
Varse nodded humorlessly. "Indeed, Vesh. You may be one of our most excellent agents, though this task falls far closer to my own interests than I'd prefer."
Vesh gave him an amused look, clearly aware of the rumors. "I understand, my Potentate."
"Then waste no further moment. Gather your belongings, as you shall depart before nightfall."
"My belongings are merely the clothing that I currently wear. A necessary restriction of such a life as this, you see?" Vesh chuckled in a laugh that only disturbed Varse before holding out his hands to take the child. "I shall leave now if you'll permit me."
Varse glanced down at the child, feeling a tingle of regret poke through his numbness. He handed him to Vesh before lowering his arms as if an extreme weight had been relieved. "Raise him well, Vesh, as if he were your own. The time will come when he will be summoned to return and serve his people. On that day...I can only hope he is prepared."
"As you command, my Potentate." The Dril said, nodding his head respectfully before turning to depart.
In a massive hidden chamber that sickened him, filled with warm air that felt unnatural to him, and surrounded by various agents of species whose presence unnerved him, Varse watched as his only son was carried away.
21st of Senin, 4 BVE.
Kingdom of Vaidrin, Domani.
"Poor little slave...you'llneverbe able to breed now..." the words flowed through Lalian's mind as he laid on his cot, thinking back to a particularly cruel Lanthian female that he had briefly served shortly after his castration. His green hand slowly stroked his short shaft, maintaining the semi-hard erection that he was still capable of.
"Does this little cock want to knock me up?" He remembered her asking, just before she had flicked the tip of his cock. "Well, that's impossible now, isn't it?"
Lalian bit his lip in lust, remembering how humiliated he had felt. She had then caressed the scar of where his testicles had once been, smirking. "So unfortunate...little slaves like you don't get to continue their bloodlines. I bet you would havelooooovedto get my fertile body pregnant..."
His hips bucked slightly at the memory, remembering the softness of her fingertips and the deep green of embarrassment that had been brought to his cheeks. He groaned, increasing the speed of his strokes.
Images of the nude human females ran through his mind, each of them working hard to build his masterpiece. Their alluring curves...their human beauty...
The form of Xenia came into his mind, as sensual and seductive as ever. Her perfect thighs... the thin tattoos that ran over her soft skin...Lalian could only groan at the thought. Yet his mind shifted once more, and he thought back to the days of her pregnancy. Her belly had swelled with The God King's daughter, her maternal glow only adding to her feminine perfection.
He could imagine her now, laying nude on his cot. She'd look into his eyes, caressing her pregnant belly before whispering in her womanly voice. "You could never give me a child like Dominax did."
Lalian's green body seized as he groaned, gently bucking his hips as his gelded cock climaxed. The typical greatly lessened pleasure ran through his body, with no hint of Lanthian sperm emerging from his tip. The little excuse of an orgasm faded quickly, leaving a lingering frustration deep inside as his body relaxed.
He let out a sigh as he stared at the stone ceiling, cursing that he must be tormented by Lanthian flesh. Were he to be born a human, his castration would have eliminated his arousal rather than forcing him to endure the unending cruelty of a continual lust that he could never fully satisfy.
The small room remained quiet for several long moments before a knock began to pound on the door.
Lalian quickly redressed himself in his tunic and cloak before hurrying to open the door, greeted by the familiar presence of one of the servants appointed to him.
"My lord, a message for The God King has arrived." The boy swiftly explained, holding out the small wooden cylinder as he had done many times before.
"Ah very good." Lalian replied as he took the cylinder, attempting to ease the swift transition from such a private moment for himself. He waved the boy away, sealing the door.
Accustomed to his duty, Lalian removed the message from the cylinder and began to read, knowing that he'd have to recite each word to his God King. Consisting of several numbered wooden sticks, the tiny symbols of the message were carved into the surface of each stick. A typical method of communication, the writer would be able to include as many sticks as was necessary to carry the entirety of each message.
"To The Proclaimed God King Dominax of House Vaid, I speak on behalf of the High-Chiefs of Valia, Drifia, Arcia, Salrin, Ardin, and Ravrin, all settlements that have yet to fall to your tyranny. We are well aware of your claims to Godhood, yet unlike a number of our acquaintances we shall not simply give over our lands and kneel in impotent worship. However, you are a warrior, and for that we feel no shame in admitting respect. The kingdom you have carved for yourself demonstrates your ability, regardless of our beliefs. It is for this reason that we come to you with a wager. Though we have no doubt that you shall eventually march against us, we'd prefer to avoid such a devastating waste of time and men. Thus, it comes to this: your army against our collective warriors. One final battle to determine who shall hold these lands. Defeat us, and we shall gladly pledge ourselves and our High-Chiefdoms to you. Yet fall, and we shall show no mercy in moving in to claim Vaidrin for ourselves. Whatever the outcome, Vaidrin shall join the northern kingdoms as a great realm throughout history, under your leadership or ours. We trust that you are a man of honor, and as such, we shall allow you to select the location of our conflict. Yet be warned, take no more than three months to gather your warriors, for we shall strike back at the dishonor of receiving no reply.
Signed, High-Chief Linnax of Valia."
Lalian examined the bottom of the cylinder, confirming that it held the seal of Valia. He sighed, placing it down gently onto a nearby desk as he rubbed his eyes.
"This shall not bode well."