Shortly after Jon told me to stop writing my Journal, he decided that my pussy muscles needed toning up a little. At first I thought that he meant that he was going to fuck me a lot more but I soon realised that I would be doing all the work and he'd just be watching.
One evening Jon came home from work and told me that we were going to make something that I could exercise my pussy muscles with, and that he expected me to do those exercises two or three times a day until he told me to stop. At first I thought he just meant something like a dildo, and in a way I was right, but this was different.
After our evening meal Jon went into the garage and came back with a bag of plaster of paris and a big tube of silicone gel. He then stripped off and told me to get him hard. This could be fun I thought, I'm going to like these exercises.
The weather was still quite warm so I hadn't got round to wearing any clothes that day, not even when I'd been out tidying the back garden. As I eagerly sucked him hard (he had to stop me twice because he didn't want to cum), Jon mixed a bowl of the plaster of paris. When the mixture was ready he had me put a condom on him then a piece of cling-film. He then told me to put the thick mixture round his dick. It didn't take long to go hard (the plaster of paris that is) and after about 10 minutes (he played with my clit and made me cum), we extracted his dick (we had to wait until it got a bit soft) and we had a lovely mould of his dick.
While it finished drying Jon relieved his tension in my pussy. A while later Jon pumped the silicone into it. Before it went dry he pushed a long metal bar with a thread and nut on the end, into the silicone.
The end result, when it dried, was that we had a perfectly sized copy of his erect dick, but with a long steel bar sticking out of the base. He then screwed a base to it so that it would stand on the floor on it's own. The tip was about 18 inches off the ground. This is where the exercise came in. Jon told me to squat down and impale myself on it. When I was completely on it he told me to stand up keeping the silicone dick inside me. Easy I thought, and it was.
After I'd done it a couple of times Jon got these metal rings and dropped them over his silicone dick. I then had to go down on it and then lift it off the ground again. It now weighed about a kilo, and I was amazed at how difficult it was. I really had to squeeze my pussy to get it off the ground. When he went to work the next day, Jon told me to remember to do my weight lifting. It was a little hard at first, then it got easier, then it became almost impossible.
Harder at first until I got used to the weight, then almost impossible because both my pussy and leg muscles were getting a little tired, but also because the more up and down I went on the silicone dick, the wetter I got.
In the end I just had to stop and relieve my desires by hand. I repeated the exercise (including relieving my desires) twice more that day.
That night when I told Jon how I'd got on, he told me that I must not succumb to temptation and he took me over his knee and gave himself a sore hand spanking my backside. I had to do the same weight lifting every morning for the next month. As the weeks went by and it got so that I could easily hold the silicone dick in, Jon would add more weights. By the end of the month I could lift about 4 kilos. I was quite proud of myself, and when Jon fucked me I was (still am) able to get a good grip on his dick.
It's made our love-making last quite a bit longer. As Jon says, "To have a man's penis inside of me is a privilege. To hold him inside of me is my duty."
Jon's silicone penis is still in the garage somewhere. I must find it and start the exercises again.
Love
V