Preface. This is the final chapter of the story. While I hope you will enjoy it, I would recommend starting with the previous chapters, as some events here won't make any sense otherwise.
Alex tried to forget Anya and Natasha. He still had some good memories of what happened, but he felt Anya was pushing him too hard.
He got a girlfriend. She was just a regular cute girl. They had a completely natural relationship; he never talked to her about his fetishes.
He saw Natasha in the college from time to time; he tried to look as if he hasn't recognized her. He didn't see Anya anymore, though.
Alex felt like something was missing, though. He was not yet comfortable asking his girlfriend to assume dominant roles in the bedroom. He just hoped they would get there some day.
Then one day, as he was having dinner alone, Natasha joined him.
"Hi, Alex!"
"Hi, Natasha." Alex tried to sound slightly rude.
"How are you doing?"
"Fine, thanks."
"I just wanted to check on you. Anya has moved to another campus, she won't bother you anymore."
"Great." Alex tried to answer calmly, but his heart jumped as he heard this.
"You know, Alex, I wanted to tell you I understand how you feel. It must be hard for you. But I really enjoyed our time together. In fact, I have been dreaming of meeting you again since the last time. In case you feel the same way, you can visit me next Monday. I'll be expecting you to come at 7. If you don't come, you'll never hear of me again."
She then waved him goodbye and walked away.
Alex was confused. Five minutes ago he was sure he doesn't want ever to talk to Natasha. Now he had a chance to embrace his fetishes.
The perspective of visiting Natasha two, maybe three times a month started to look not so bad. He will surely be able to hide it from his girlfriend. And he won't be pushed further than he'd like to, as Anya wasn't there - that was the crucial point.
By Monday afternoon, Alex had decided to visit Natasha. This time, he finally left without a pack of condoms, that wasn't why he was going.
He stood there, in front of their dorm room, recalling as he hoped he would never stand here again. He knocked.
"Come in Alex, the door is open!"
He entered. Natasha has just come home from jogging. She was wearing a sports bra and tight yoga pants. Her midriff looked even sexier than last time - she now looked very slim and fit. Her butt also looked much better - though Alex supposed that this could be just her pants. She was slightly sweaty.
"I'm glad you came, Alex! Come in, get ready."
Alex entered the room. Nothing changed here, except for the one detail - there was now a mirror on the wall above the couch.
"I've placed a mirror here, see? I know you like to look at me while I'm fucking you."
Alex undressed. Natasha stood there, watching him. She didn't look particularly excited, just pleased to see him again.
Alex pulled down his boxers, climbed on the couch, and stood there, facing the mirror.
Natasha went to the cabinet and took the strapon. It was the same black mid-sized strapon she used on Alex last time.
As she put it on, Alex noticed she looked sexier this way. The fact that she was still clothed made her look... casual? It was like using him was now only a prelude, something she didn't even have to strip for.
He reached back with his hands, exposing his asshole for Natasha, inviting her to use him.
This time, she started with her fingers. First she caressed his ring, then slowly pushed one finger in. She rotated it from one side to another as he was getting used to feeling it inside him.
Once she felt him relaxing his butthole, she penetrated him with the second finger, then carefully added the third.
"Thanks for taking it slowly this time, Natasha," Alex said. She smiled, as she pulled her fingers out of Alex's butt and reached for the lubricant.
She entered him slowly but confidently this time. Alex started to feel his cock becoming erect as the tip went in. Soon he felt Natasha's sweaty pants touching his butt as she put the whole dildo inside him.
He looked in the mirror. Natasha was biting her lip, as she thrust her pelvis back and forward. She then looked back at him and smiled again.
"Do you like it, Alex?"
"Yes, it's great to see you enjoying this."
She was now moving the dildo out slowly, then pushed it in harder. The bed was shaking with each thrust.
The mirror was a great idea indeed. This was actually the Alex's favorite position - only when he was the one with a cock.
This reversal of roles felt extremely liberating. Now Alex felt that his activity in the intercourse was limited to just standing there, allowing Natasha to use his body for her own pleasure. Making him come was a second priority, and it was entirely the girl's decision.
It wasn't so exciting as the first time, not for him, not for Natasha. But it still felt better in some way - they both were now focused on the ultimate intimacy of the moment. Midway through their session, Alex started giving Natasha some hints about how to move her hips. She took note of them.
Finally, she was tired.
"Are you happy, Alex?"
"Yes, you were wonderful."
"Now come on, pleasure yourself."
She sat on the couch, with her strapon still on her, standing up. Alex stood in front of her. He was already hard, so he started jerking off immediately.
This time, he was able to hold much longer. Natasha didn't hurry him; she still loved the show.
Alex came. As he was cleaning his semen from the floor, Natasha took off her strapon.
"I liked this, Alex. You know, I want to reward you. You can lick my pussy through the pants if you want. They are already wet."
Alex was happy to do this. He first inhaled through his nose as he came closer. Her pussy smelled wonderful, despite it being wet from both sweat and pussy juice.
Alex first tasted her with the tip of his tongue, then licked it. He started licking it intensely, and even tried to bite it with his teeth carefully. He loved how tender her flesh felt - even through the fabric.
Soon, Natasha stopped him.
"That's enough for today, Alex. I hope to see you soon next time."
Alex put his clothes on and went away. For the first time, he was leaving this room knowing he would come back.
Alex kept visiting Natasha from time to time. Usually, she would peg him. When she was too tired, she just ordered him to masturbate as she sat there and watched. Several times, she jerked him off herself.
A couple of times she even asked him to do some work around the house naked. Alex obeyed.
Alex even invited Natasha to his house several times when his girlfriend was not in town. One of these days, she told him she was finally ready to let him make her cum.
She pulled up her skirt as she told him this, showing him her tiny little panties. She signaled him to come closer and eat her out.
Alex started with her thighs, kissing the as he moved up to her pussy.
"Can you pull your panties down just a little, Natasha?"
She reached under her panties with her finger and did as Alex told, revealing her 'landing strip' haircut.
Alex kissed her pubic area, then moved down to her wet panties.
He was now licking Natasha's pussy through only a thin layer of fabric. She didn't look at him. Instead she closed her eyes and silently moaned with pleasure.
It was the first time he saw her like this.
Finally, she reached under her panties again, this time moving them to the side.
Alex paused for a moment. Natasha finally decided he was worthy of seeing her pussy. Everything he offered to her during these months was finally rewarded.
He stared at what he saw.
Natasha's pussy was pink with blood, and the inner lips were clearly visible. She had very good-looking clitoris - just big enough to be accessible to his tongue without spreading the pussy. Alex licked a drop of the juice from the very bottom, then slowly started licking the skin around the pussy, slowly moving his tongue inside.
As he focused on the clitoris, biting it carefully from time to time, Natasha started moaning. Alex was getting hard again, so he began jerking himself off with his hand. She didn't allow him to use his fingers, so his tongue had to work double time. Alex used all of his skills, going as fast as he can.
After several minutes, Natasha came violently, squirting a little. She bent her back as she moaned from pleasure.
By this time, Alex was also close to reaching an orgasm, so he laid on the floor, jerking his cock. Natasha looked at him for a while, stroking her pussy slowly with her palm.
Then she told him to stop and wait for her. She returned in a minute.
"Stand up, Alex."
Natasha was wearing long leather gloves. She then moved closer and took his cock in her hand. The leather allowed her to feel his penis trembling perfectly, but was at the same time rougher than her hands.
She reached to his ass with another hand and started stroking his cock, playing with his asshole at the same time. This new sensation made Alex come for her in no time.
Alex quickly used the shower while Natasha dressed. He went to lock the door after her only in his bathrobe.
As Natasha was leaving, a delivery guy came in.
"Hello, are you Alex?"
"Yes"
"There's a package for you. Here."
Alex opened the package. There was a letter on the top. Handwritten, likely by a woman.
"I have to admit, Alex, I was interested in you when I first met you. If we had just studied that night, and then you asked me out, I was willing to date you."
Alex realized it was from Anya.
"But seeing as you were eager to take that silly game to the next level, I decided you only wanted to get into my pants. So I had to punish you. I'm quite good at this, as you have probably already noticed.
Now, after I got anything I wanted from you, humiliated you, made you obey my orders, I see that I was wrong. That was not your desire to have sex with me. You really like to submit to women, and you like them having fun at your expense.
It doesn't make me want to date you again, of course. That would be impossible after what you've been through. But that means that we can both have fun now.
So, Alex, to be honest, after Natasha told me about your regular meetings, I've become jealous. She was just in the right place at the right time. I made you embrace your fetishes, and she was reaping the benefits. She probably didn't tell you, but she even kept Katya's photos from last time."
Alex couldn't believe his eyes as he was reading.
"Alex, do you remember the dare you refused, the one where you were supposed to walk by the dorm naked? The offer still stands. You will have to walk around the block this time - and once you do this, I will take off my jeans. And I won't be wearing any panties, just like the last time."
Alex was mortified. Is she kidding? Or was she so sure he was going to refuse last time? He continued reading, as there was not much left.
"So let's do this. I know where you live. I'll pay you a visit tomorrow at three. If you accept the dare, leave the door unlocked and be waiting for me. And wear this.
Love, Anya
P.S. If you'd rather not take the part, consider this a farewell present."
Alex didn't know what to think. He promised to himself he won't play this game with her again. But Anya probably didn't know Alex was going to move out in less than a week anyway, so he actually had an upper hand this time. He won't see his neighbors ever again, so it's not a big deal if some of them will see him walking around naked.
He looked in the box. There was a chain with a small collar at the end. Too small for his neck. How was he supposed to wear it?
Ah, yes. Of course. Over the base of his cock - that was the only logical way to do this.
Alex pondered over the offer for the rest of the day. He was happy about his life without Anya. But now he felt like a girl who keeps returning to her abusive boyfriend.
Will Anya really change? He doubted it. But she never actually cheated - so he probably could expect her to fulfill her end of the bargain. And Alex was still madly in love with her body.
Just one circle. 15 minutes on the leash. He can do it.
Half past two, Alex took a shower. He paid extra attention to being perfectly clean. It was embarrassing enough to walk on the street in his birthday suit, so at least, he wanted to be confident about his own body.
Alex finished with grooming his body hair. Five minutes to three, he locked the collar around his semi-erect cock. It fit snugly, sending a shiver over his body. Alex placed the other end of the leash on the cabinet near the door.
Several minutes later, he saw the handle turning. The door opened.
Anya was wearing a plain white blouse with a brown belt over it. The belt made her waist look slimmer - and her boobs slightly larger in comparison. She smiled as she saw Alex. Alex noticed she had a large purse with her.
"Hi, Alex. Glad you read the note. I was afraid you would toss it away without reading it. Everything I wrote there is true. So, ready to go?"
Alex nodded. She took the other end of the leash and pulled slightly.
"Follow me, Alex."
They walked out of the door. Alex exhaled with relief as he saw that the street was empty.
Anya was walking first, holding up her hand with the leash. Alex walked behind her, trying to focus on her swaying hips. The thought of her bare skin touching those jeans made his skin tingle.
Soon, they made it to the first corner. Two middle-aged ladies were walking toward them, Alex didn't know who they are. They didn't pay any attention to Alex until they were quite close. They looked surprised when they both realized Alex was completely nude, led by a leash around his cock. But they only stood silently, looking at him as he passed. Then another stranger - a man this time, slightly older than him. The man deliberately ignored Alex.
The second turn. Again an empty street. Alex was starting to think the walk will be easy.
A couple of cars passed them as they were walking. No big deal. Then Alex heard a bicycle catching up with them. As it overtook them, Alex looked at it. The rider was a cute young girl, wearing a tight bra and cycling pants. She slowed down a little and turned her head back to take a look at Alex's cock. She smiled as she saw it and gave Alex thumbs up. Alex smiled. His cock raised a little as he watched the girl riding away from them.
The third turn. That was the last big stretch; his house was just around the corner. Alex looked at the street and saw a girl sitting on the porch, working on her laptop.
He immediately recognized the girl - it was Sarah, his neighbor. He met her a couple of times. She was relatively beautiful - not as gorgeous as Anya of course, but he even thought about asking her out. He didn't have a chance, though.
Alex was desperately hoping Sarah won't notice him, as she was apparently too busy working. But Anya had another opinion.
"Come, Alex, move faster!" Anya said this way louder than she had to.
Sarah looked at them. For a moment, Alex saw a confusion on her face. Seconds after, she probably realized what was happening. She smiled as they came closer.
Anya stopped in front of Sarah and signaled Alex to do the same.
"Alex, the lady apparently likes you."
Alex turned to offer Sarah a better view. He looked at her. She was looking at Alex's cock as it started to stand up. He didn't try to keep this from happening. Sarah was already staring at him standing here naked, anyway.
Right after Alex's cock was fully erect, Sarah asked Anya. "Can I touch it?" "Yes, but please be quick. We don't have all day."
Alex enjoyed the fact that Anya was the one who made this decision. So he walked up to Sarah and placed his hands behind his back.
She carefully touched his thighs, moving her hands to the inner side, then slowly up. Then Sarah ran her fingers through his pubic hair, watching him becoming more and more erect.
Sarah touched Alex's cock, moving it from side to side, examining it carefully. She pulled his foreskin, exposing the head, then rubbed it carefully with one hand, playing with Alex's balls with another. Her hand stroked Alex's shaft several times.
"Nice cock you have, Alex. See you later," she said smiling. As Alex turned away, she slapped his butt. Anya pulled the leash.
Alex was now starting to feel embarrassed. Now he was not only naked, but his cock was also still rock hard, flailing around as he walked.
They made it to the final turn. To Alex's delight, the short stretch to his door was empty again. He thought he heard Anya's disappointed sigh as they walked those final meters.
At last, they were back. Anya opened the door, pulling the leash to make Alex come inside.
"You've been a good boy, Alex. I wasn't sure you can do this, but you impressed me. The look on your face as you presented yourself to Sarah - it was priceless."
"Thank you, Anya."
"So I think you've deserved this reward."
Alex couldn't believe he was finally going to see her naked.
Anya dropped the end of the leash on the floor and took a step back.
She slowly undid the belt, then the button. She then paused, letting Alex enjoy the view of her jeans as they were about to come off.
She then slowly lowered the zipper, giving Alex a peek at her pubic area.
Her pubes were smoothly shaved - or most likely, waxed. Instead, there was a tattoo - Alex couldn't see what was there yet, though.
Wiggling her hips, Anna pulled the jeans down, showing Alex more and more of her. The tattoo - it was a colored tattoo of a butterfly. Very nicely done, Alex noticed.
Then Alex raised his eyebrows as he finally saw Anya's slit. It looked perfect - just as Alex imagined it.
He wasn't that much into girls who got rid of their pubic hair completely - he thought it made them look too young and inexperienced. Anya was another story. Her wide hips and her tattoo made her look incredibly sexy.
Anya paused for a moment, allowing Alex to take a look and he noticed that she is slightly wet.
The girl slowly bent down as she was taking off her jeans. She then stepped out and looked Alex in the eyes.
"Do you like it?"
"Yes, Anya, your pussy looks incredible."
"Can you see it is wet?"
"Yes."
Alex took his time enjoying the view. Anya didn't mind, she just stood there, her hands on her waist. She probably wasn't going to take off her blouse. Alex didn't mind, she already looked incredible.
"I want you to do the same thing for me that you did for Natasha, Alex. If you agree, I promise I will make you moan from pleasure like you've never experienced before."
Alex nodded again. He already passed the point of no return anyway.
She grabbed the leash, disconnecting the small collar, then reached for her purse. She took out another collar - almost the same as the first one, but much larger.
"Put this thing back on. On your neck, this time."
Alex obeyed. For some reason, he trusted her now.
"Stand on all fours. Show me your ass."
Alex turned around, then stood on his knees and hands. He heard Anya sitting down on the couch. Then he felt Anya's shoes on his ass.
"I have to prepare you a little."
She teased his butt with her shoes, first moving his butt cheek to the side, then running the tip along the crack.
Alex shook with anticipation each time she passed over his hole.
Finally, Anya stopped her toe and carefully pushed it into the ring.
Alex felt he wasn't ready for this, but he couldn't say a word. Luckily for him, Anya didn't want to cause him pain, so she stopped after a while.
Alex then heard Anya opening a bottle of lubricant (how did she know to take it with her?) and applying it over something. He then felt her touching his most vulnerable spot with a heel.
He relaxed his muscles, inviting Anya to penetrate him. She accepted the invitation.
Alex was regretting not having a mirror in his house. So was just imagining Anya, sitting there with a foot on his ass, rocking her foot, pushing the heel slightly deeper each time.
"Ok, now that I've warmed up your ass, you're probably ready for what comes next."
Anya stood up and reached for her purse. Alex looked at her as she took her strapon out.
It was not the one Natasha was using. This one was somewhat longer and thicker. Even more, it had protruding veins all over its shaft.
"Like it, Alex?" Anya asked smiling.
"It's huge, Anya. I'm not sure I can take it."
"Don't worry, Alex, you'll manage. I'll be careful."
She wore the dildo and fastened the belts. After applying the lubricant, she took Alex's leash and laid on her back, her toy pointing upwards.
"Come here, Alex. Sit."
Alex stood above Anya's cock, then squatted and started carefully lowering his ass, directing the cock to his butthole. He finally felt the tip touching his ring.
"Go on, Alex, don't make me wait," Anya said, then pulled his leash, forcing him to sit on her.
Alex tried as hard as he could to relax his muscles, but the tip was still too large for him. He pushed his ass even lower and finally felt the dildo slowly moving in.
He almost screamed as the widest part of the tip was coming inside him. But it wasn't enough for Anya.
"Deeper, Alex," she said as she pulled his leash again.
Alex was now feeling every vein on the shaft as it moved deeper and deeper inside him. Anya didn't allow him to take a rest.
At last, he felt he had an entire toy inside of him.
"I've told you, Alex," Anya said as she relaxed the leash a little, allowing Alex to move up a little. She then pulled again.
Alex was moving his ass up and down, completely controlled by the leash Anya was holding. His cock was bouncing right before Anya's eyes. He still couldn't believe he was finally letting her enjoy his muscular butt.
She then decided to try another pose, showing Alex he could stand up now. She led Alex to the cabinet, moving some books to the sides to make room for him.
"Sit here. Raise your legs."
Alex wasn't sure the cabinet was sturdy enough to hold him. Worth a try, anyway.
As soon as he assumed the position, Anya penetrated him again. This time, she started paying attention to his cock, first moving her finger alongside the shaft, then teasing the head. Finally, she started jerking Alex.
Being fucked and jerked off at the same time by this woman was the best thing Alex could imagine. So he didn't last very long.
Alex came, his eyes were closed as he moaned. He has completely covered his chest in his semen.
Anya continued pegging him for a while as his cock was turning flaccid. She then finally pulled out the dildo.
Alex realized it was all over. Anya removed her strapon. Her pussy was now noticeably wetter.
"I see now why Natasha liked pegging you so much, Alex. You are excellent at taking the woman's cock inside you Alex."
"Thank you, Anya."
"Come now, I should reward you."
She turned around and pulled his leash again. "Start with my ass."
Alex finally focused on Anya's rack. It was the most beautiful butt he ever saw; he thought as he came closer and kneeled down.
He spread her cheeks with his hand and carefully ran his tongue between her buttocks, then back again. He didn't want to hurry.
After a while, he finally started licking her ass. He trembled in delight as he felt Anya's tiny ring relaxing and contracting again.
Alex then started pushing his tongue in a little, then pulling it out and licking the hole again. He heard the girl moaning quietly as he saw her placing her hand on her pussy. After a while, he noticed a few drops on the floor right between Anya's feet.
"Very good, Alex," Anya said. For the first time, Alex heard her voice bursting with pleasure.
She then walked back from him, turned around, squatted down and spread her legs, for the first time letting Alex see her pussy with lips open.
"Like it, Alex? Don't answer, I know you do. Your cock is trembling like never before. Come, lie on the floor." Anya pulled the leash again.
Alex carefully laid down, placing his face directly underneath Anya's wonderful pussy.
She lowered her ass, pushing her wet crotch into Alex's face. He started kissing her.
Anya was completely controlling what he was doing. Not only she was at the top, moving her pelvis to make Alex lick every spot, she also still was holding the leash, using it as she saw fit. If she wanted Alex to lick harder, she simply lowered her rack, smothering his face. In fact, it didn't look like Alex was eating her out. Instead, she was masturbating with his face.
Anya stood up and turned around, not letting go of the leash. She squatted again. This way Alex was now focusing on her clitoris. He didn't have to use his hands - every detail of Anya's pussy was in the open, ready for his tongue. He felt every slight contraction of muscles in her crotch.
Then he heard the door open. He probably forgot to lock it as Anya led him inside. Alex didn't know who this might be; he didn't care.
"Hi, Alex, I hope you won't mind. It seems I forgot my gloves here the last time." It was Natasha's voice as she entered the room.
Alex heard her stopping as soon as she saw was what was happening.
"Anya! You bitch, you promised me you won't lay your hands on him! I can't believe you betrayed me!" Natasha's voice sounded furious.
"That's it. I never wish to see you again. Both of you. And you, Alex, you will regret ever letting me control you."
She stormed out.
Alex paused and looked Anya in the eyes. She didn't look very surprised.
"Go on, Alex. She has left."
She didn't have to ask twice. Alex wasn't sorry about Natasha.
As Anya was getting closer to climax, she finally stood up and lied on the couch, spreading her legs. She directed Alex to come closer - again not saying anything, just using the leash. Alex turned over, stood on his hands and grabbled towards her.
This time, the girl was holding his head with her hand, still being in charge of the whole process. She wouldn't allow him to stop - but he never wanted to anyway.
Soon he heard Anya moaning again and not long after that, she came.
Anya pressed Alex's face into her pussy even harder, additionally holding him with her thighs. She wanted him to feel every detail of her orgasm, every contraction, every wave of pleasure coming through her body. She wanted him to feel her climax. Damn, she even wanted him to love it more than his own - after all, Alex was content with the fact that her pleasure comes first.
She finally let go of the leash.
Alex moved slightly back to see Anya's body still shaking with pleasure. Her eyes were closed; her thighs moved uncontrollably. She arched her back, then lifted her ass up.
At last, Anya stopped moaning. Alex stood up, still looking at the most beautiful woman he has ever seen, lying there bottomless, caressing her breasts with one hand and her wet pussy with another. He was ecstatic.
As his mind started to clear up, he tried to think about all that happened. It seems that Natasha asked Anya to keep her hands off him, but Anya broke her trust. Now Natasha probably hates them both. But Alex thought that didn't matter anymore. Until he remembered something.
"Anya, you wrote Natasha kept Katya's photos for herself. Does she still have them?"
"Yes, most likely. Why do you ask?"
Alex just realized that he was in deep trouble.
P.S. Big thank you to all who have read the story and commented. It means a lot. I hope you enjoyed it.