We had been on a long summer retreat with our church youth, and the time with them winded down and they began to leave. The last couple nights there at the camp, was just a few of us counselors and the Preacher's staff, including his wife, Rachel.
She was the picture-perfect Preacher's wife, always prim and proper, very well spoken, the first to welcome in new members with a smile and just so sweet to everyone in general. Rachel was 43, about 5'5" tall, slightly curvy after having 4 kids, beautiful green eyes, and auburn hair.
I enjoyed being around her, so whenever we had camp related work to do there at the retreat, I made an effort to work around her, never once having any ill intentions with her. Well, that began to change the night before we were getting ready to close the camp, through no fault of hers and in the end, mine.
We were sitting around the fire that evening and Rachel was sitting across from me, with no one else there, except one of the other counselors, and she was sitting next to Rachel. Rachel had on a pink tank top and a jean skirt that was conservative in length, coming down to just above her knees, and it was loose on her, as to not reveal too much of her figure.
I did not think much about it, because again, I had no thoughts of her in any sexual way. We were chatting and laughing about some of the fun we had throughout the retreat when out of the corner of my eye, I caught just a glimpse of her white panties, when she moved the way she was sitting. I tried to ignore what I had seen but then she moved again, this time giving me an exceptionally good view of them before crossing her legs again.
I looked at her and she grinned at me. My heart began to race not sure what to think as I fought hard to keep my thoughts of her pure. The other counselor, Lori, that was sitting next to Rachel got up and said she would get the three of us something to drink, while we continued talking, or while Rachel talked, and I was still dumbfounded at seeing her panties.
Rachel said with a giggle and a wink, "Todd, are you okay? You look as if you just saw a ghost."
Trying desperately hard to get myself back together, I managed to say, "No, I'm okay, just got lost in thought there for a minute." I tried to play it off with a weak smile.
Lori came back with drinks for us, and I thanked her and took a big gulp, then almost choked. The drink tasted like it was at least half alcohol. Lori and Rachel both laughed. Lori still laughing said, "Todd, you're still a newbie, we like to wind down a little after the kids leave, with a little bit of the good stuff."
Not being a stranger to alcohol, I had no problem drinking it now that I knew what it was. I said, "Aw okay, tastes good actually, now that I know what it is." We three had a little laugh at that. Rachel winked again and continued to grin while we chatted again.
Lori had turned to point at something she was talking about, but my eyes were still on Rachel as she once more gave me a flash of her panties, this time making sure I had a good clear view of them long enough until Lori turned back towards us. I could feel the heat from the drink running through me along with the fire that was running in my mind down to my crotch. Again, Rachel winked and smiled.
Those white panties, now that I had a better look, were opaque enough that I could make out her hairy sex under them. Desire fueled through me and my manhood began to get hard, as very naughty thoughts began to run through my mind. Then I heard a familiar voice approach, it was Rachel's husband, Don, our church's preacher.
Well, those thoughts flew out of my mind as he came over, sat down, and joined our conversation. Rachel gave me one last quick peek, grinning again, then acted like the doting loving wife as he sat beside her. His speech was not very clear like it is normally, and I could tell immediately that he must have had quite a few of those special drinks of Lori's already.
The evening wore on and everyone got up to head off to bed, with me excusing myself to head off to the shower house. By this time, I was more than a little tipsy from the drinks we had, and almost fell a couple of times walking through the dark to the shower. Laughing at myself, I made it in the door, went into one of the several stalls, and took off my clothes.
I stepped under the hot water and just let it flow down me as the thoughts of Rachel's panties came back into my mind. I wondered why she flashed me like that, but then I began to wish that she were there with me as my cock started to grow. I chuckled to myself and started washing all over.
Suddenly I was aware of someone else in the shower stall with me and I turned to see who it was in the dimly lit room. There stepping into the shower with me, completely naked, was Rachel. I was frozen to the floor as I saw her come closer. Her body was exquisite, her porcelain breasts perfect handfuls with pale nipples sticking out begging for attention.
My eyes panned down across her slightly pudgy tummy, to her ginger colored pubic hair nicely covering her sweetness below. She smiled seductively at me then breathed, "Hi Todd, mind if I shower with you?"
I could not find the words at first then stammered, "Rachel! What about Don? Oh my God, what if he finds you here?"
She put her finger to my lips to silence me and shook her head saying in a whisper, "Shhhh, he's passed out and I'm horny. I know that you have wanted me for a long time and the feeling is mutual, Todd. Let's just enjoy each other now." She leaned in and softly kissed my stunned lips.
I could not help myself as my body no longer was my own. She was a master puppeteer, and I was her marionette. My lips responded to her and I began to kiss her back with passion and a fire that I had not felt in a long time. She softly moaned into our kiss as my hands began to caress her, feeling the heat from her soft skin as they explored her.
She pressed in close to me and I held her tight against me, absorbing more of her energy as my now very erect 9-inch cock pushed against her tummy. Her hand found it and her fingers wrapped around it to gently stroke my hard flesh. It was now my turn to moan into her lips as it had been way too long since I had last felt a woman's loving touch on my manhood.
She pulled from our kiss and smiled, then kissed down my neck, down across my chest, to my belly button, dipped her tongue in it, then trailed her kissed down as she kneeled in front of me, with my cock still in her hand. She grinned at me again, then pointing my meat to her lips and taking it inside her mouth. My head went back, my eyes closed, letting out a long slow groan as she began to suck on me.
I had never felt anything so good in my life. Rachel was a goddess in my eyes and now on her knees with my cock working in and out of her talented mouth. She then stood up, kissed me deeply, then pulled back, taking my hand as she sat down on the bench in the stall. I knew what she wanted me to do and I knelt on my knees in front of her, my face now inches from her sweet downy covered pussy.
She lifted one of her legs up, causing her puffy lips to part her fluff and expose her hot pink flesh. I ran my tongue up inside her wet slit, taking in her musky aroma, as a sweet moan escaped her lips. I found her swollen clit and ran my tongue around it, then sucked it in, causing her body to jerk from the sensitivity of it.
Her fingers now running through my hair as she barely breathed, "Oh my God, Todd, I just knew you would make me feel so loved down there. Don never goes down on me and I really needed this!"
I moved down, parting her pubic hair further and enclosing my lips on hot labia and sliding my tongue inside her hot opening, her juices flowing like nectar right into my mouth. She tasted so good and I could not get enough of her as I ate her pussy like it was my last treasured meal on earth.
Her hands gripped my head hard as her first wave of pleasure hit, crushing my face against her sopping wet pussy, and grinding out her first orgasm. "Oh my GOD, TODD! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, CUMMING," She exclaimed in the loudest whisper possible, trying desperately to keep somewhat quiet, as she flooded my mouth with her juice.
I wanted more of her, so while she was still going through her spasms, I inserted my finger inside her to massage her hot spot, curling my finger up inside and massaging it hard. Rachel nearly came off the bench, grabbing my head hard and crying out, "OH MY FUCKING GOD, TODD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?"
I honestly did not know, but what I did know was I wanted her to cum harder than she ever had in her life and she was about to do just that. She was not even completely through her first orgasm when this powerful second wave hit her so hard, I thought she would knock me off her. She nearly screamed, as she jammed her fist into her mouth to muffle herself.
The unexpected happened as her sex began to flood my mouth as she let go with what seemed like a torrent of urine but mixed with something else. I did not care in the least as I drank in her pungent juice while her body thrashed with each powerful convulsion. I wanted more of her, still.
I released her spastic cunt from my mouth and finger then moved up on her, taking my hard cock, rubbing it up and down her sloppy cunt, then pushing it deep inside her. Her body went nuts under me as she could not contain her pleasure, her eyes looking into mine, half lust, and half fear that she was losing all control. My cockhead slammed into her cervix as my groined ground hard against her fat clit.
Rachel grabbed my shoulders, digging her fingernails deep, pulling me down to her as we kissed hard and feverishly. We were beyond lust possessed at this point, our bodies becoming intertwined in pure sexual abandonment as I continued ramming her sweet cunt over and over. She went into convulsions once more, letting loose another powerful wave of pleasure as her pussy was being fucked mercilessly by my fat cock.
I then felt my pleasure wave begin to work up from my heavy balls as they banged against her ass, with each plunge into her heat. I drove myself inside her as deep as I could, then unleashed a powerful stream of hot cum into her depths! I groaned over and over with each pulse, with Rachel just shaking under me, taking every drop of my seed into her.
We were both almost too exhausted to move as I looked her in the eyes. Tears were streaming from them, but I knew they were not from sadness as she smiled. I kissed her softly then continued looking into her face and softly stroking her tears away. We stayed that way for several minutes until my cock went soft inside her, neither of us wanted to be separated.
I knew we had to get up soon because I was afraid someone would take notice of the noise in the shower house, so I gently lifted off her, then helped her up. Rachel smiled so sweetly to me and I could not help but hug her close to me and kiss her once more. We washed each other off, stealing kisses as we did, before rinsing off and embracing closely once more.
She looked up into my eyes with those beautiful piercing green eyes of hers and said, "Todd, I have never been made love to, like that in my entire adult life. Thank you for making me feel so satisfied and fulfilled. I will never forget this night." Rachel kissed me deeply once more, then turned away and slipping out into the night.
I just stood there in the shower for several more minutes playing over in my head what had just transpired. Guilt began to creep inside my mind as the reality of what we had just done. Rachel's sweet body was another man's temple and I had just violated it in ways I could never take back. The worst part was, that I knew that I was in love with her.
I left the camp early the next morning before anyone else got up. There was no way I could face any of the others after what we had done, let alone look Don in the eye. I left a note saying I needed to get some personal stuff done so hopefully not arouse too much suspicion, and quickly got in my car and drove away.
Weeks passed and I had not returned to church nor had I talked to anyone. I received several calls from Don and the other lay pastors, but I chose to ignore them. Rachel sent me several texts to see where I had been, saying that no one knew of what happened between us, and for me to please come back to church. I missed her and I knew she missed me, but I had to ignore her texts to return.
It was close to four months later before I finally got my head clear and with a lot of praying, I felt like I was getting myself right in God's eyes again. Everyone was happy to see me as I came in that morning, including Don, who came over and gave me a big hug, not questioning where I had been but simply happy that I was back.
Then I saw Rachel come out of one of the offices as I walked down the hall to the sanctuary. She saw me and her eyes lit up like a Christmas tree as she smiled from ear to ear. She came over, hugged me close and welcomed me back. It was then I noticed as I pulled back with my mouth hanging open.
She was pregnant! She put her finger to her mouth to as to keep me quiet, then winked and said in a whisper, "I told you that I would never forget that night." She smiled, then headed down the hall away from me as I stood there paralyzed, the gravity of the situation weighing heavily on my shoulders. She was now carrying our love child.