This story includes characters from Pugzilla's Wandaverse. If you enjoy this story make sure to check out the source material.
This entry is a continuation of the story "Wanda's Plane Trip to Fiji"
The airport buzzed with traffic as Wanda made her way off of the plane. Every passenger eagerly attempted to push their way past each other to get their lugguage. She was pushed left and right by the constant stream of people. Despite trying to be more reserved with how much teasing she was doing to strangers, Wanda knew she was pressing her large breasts into many of the men trying to pass by her.
As Wanda made her way through the crowd, a shorter man suddenly turned around and ran head first into the front of Wanda's green sweater. Her breasts pressed into his head like two warm airbags, and the man could see deep into her cleavage through the front opening in her sweater. The man lowered his head in an attempt to see more of the goods pressed against his face. Wanda gripped the man's shoulders and slowly pushed the man out from her bust. His chin slowly dislodged from her boobs and gently snagged on the front opening of her sweater. This pulled her sweater away from her tits just long enough for the man to catch a glimpse at the inner areola of both of her twin peaks. Wanda saw from his sudden change in expression that he had definitely seen more than he should of, and she felt a blush make it's way from her face down into her bossom.
There is nothing she can do to stop the excitement she feels when men look at her lustfully. Over the past few years, Wanda has been exposed a countless number of times to endless strangers and friends alike. Every time something happens that exposes her nipples, she finds herself thinking more and more about what other ways her wardrobe could malfunction. Now she can't help but have whatever is covering her bust have some chance at failing to contain her modesty.
Wanda exited the airport and quickly found the nearest taxi. The man screeched his car to a halt as soon as he saw the incredibly well-endowed woman waving her hand high up above her head. Along the ride, he glued his eyes to his rearview mirror so that he could watch Wanda every time he went over a speedbump or pothole. Wanda thought about slightly adjusting her sweater to reveal more cleavage for her admirer, but decided against it. She is heading to meet up with her husband after all.
Wanda's phone buzzed. It's Julie. His team had found a member of the cartel attempting to flee the country, so Julie wouldn't be able to make it before the boat left the harbor. Wanda knew that this might happen, so it didn't completely hit her by surprise. She knew not to worry. He would be back between her arms safe and sound before she knew it.
Wanda failed to realize the struggle getting along with Julie's cousins would be without him, as she had chosen a less than modest strapless green bikini. Her intentions were to keep Julie glued to her the entire trip, but now only his cousin's eyes would be.
When Wanda arrived at the dock she introduced herself to Julie's cousins. They seemed sweet, and the boat they were taking was pretty fancy to boot. Families were enjoying the sun on boats of various heights and sizes lining the dock. Little squeals from small children shooting each other with water guns could be heard further down the dock.
Wanda was quickly brought onboard and encouraged to go ahead and change into her swimwear. She would have stalled and waited until later, but all of the cousins were already shirtless and clad in their swimtrunks. Wanda knew she was going to become the center of attention as soon as she stepped out from below deck.
The bikini was as tight as Wanda had feared, and the shape of her nipples could be seen from a mile a way. Any tighter and her nipples would shred through the top. It didn't cover all that much with it being a strapless forest green bikini, but it got all of the major notes. The bottom of the bikini top came to rest just on the crease of her underboob. The back of her bikini was held together by a white velcro square patch. It was pretty heavy duty, but if a tear in the velcro started, there was no saving it. Wanda knew that this may be the only time she ever wears this bikini for fear of shrinkage.
When Wanda came up from below deck, the guys immediately went silent and took in the sight of her volumptuous figure. They took turns poking fun at her for wearing such a revealing bikini when her husband wasn't present. Wanda couldn't help but laugh and do her best not to emphasize how the bikini hugged her tits.
Even men on adjacent boats took note of how shapely and large Wanda's breasts were. One of such men was the dad of the kids playing with water guns on the dock. When he saw Wanda giggling with her chest heaving, he imediately grabbed the watergun from his daughter and blasted water straight at her.
Wanda saw the man take the watergun from his child and brought her hands up to protect her face from the powerful blast of water. Sadly for her that was not the man's target. The cold water plastered the front of her bikini, turning it a shade darker as the water spread across the fabric. The assault was halted after the first barrage by the cousins as they shielded Wanda and started yelling at the dad for attacking her.
Wanda looked down and noticed how hard her nipples had become due to the cold water and the ocean breeze against her chest. She tried to pat the water away, but it just made her nipples jut harder against her forest green bikini top. Wanda looked around to see if any of the cousins had noticed her new protruding bikini accessories, but they had circled the dad on the dock and were laying into him about spraying their cousin's wife.
Wanda wanted to give him a piece of her mind aswell, so she stepped through the ring of cousins and joined in on barrating the man. His demeanor changed almost instantly as his gaze locked on to Wanda's front. Despite the barrage of words and obsenities thrown at him, he couldn't help but be entranced by Wanda's jiggling breasts. This upset Wanda even more, further showing off the movement of her large bust and jutting nipples to the man when her hand movements became more dramatic.
As the argument continued, a slight noise could be heard among the people along the dock. Wanda was none the wiser, and continued her flury of insults and jiggling in the hot sun at the dad who sprayed her. Another, slightly louder noise sounded like a page of paper slowly being torn. Wanda had failed to consider what the quick wetting and drying of only the front of her bikini top would do to the material. All of Julie's cousins looked down at Wanda's back as the top of the velcro holding her bikini together had begun tearing apart.
Wanda threw her arms up in the air to threaten the man who soaked her with water, and as her chest pushed out the velcro holding her boobs in her bikini tore from top to bottom. She immediately felt the tension on her heavy breasts give way, and she looked down and watched as her boobs fell in slow motion. Wanda's tits dropped down, with the bikini glued to her nipples. As they reached the apex of their fall, her breasts bounced back as her bikini separated from them. The sun cascaded down on her exposed nipples as every person fortunate enough to watch the spectacle burst out in cheer.
Wanda didn't move as her now shrunken bikini top hit the dock. She's been in this situation so many times before, but didn't have the instant embarassed reaction she always had had in the past. Was she actually in shock at what had happened? Or was she so used to the exposure and wardrobe malfunctions at this point that she wasn't experiencing the same form of humiliation?
In the couple of seconds that the cousins swooned over Wanda's breasts bouncing free, one of them had realized that she wasn't covering up, but now standing dead-pan in front of the gawking father. The cousin stepped up close behind her and quickly brought his hands under her armpits and grabbed her massive tits. His fingers sunk into their firmness, and he palmed her hard nipples in his hands in an attempt to cover her. His intentions were half-good and half self indulgent, as this was his cousin's wife, but of course he wanted to feel the weight of her breasts aswell.
Wanda was brought back to reality as she felt the cousin's hands squeeze her chest intimately. Her eyes went wide and the crowd that had now formed ate it up. The ring of cousins stepped back onto the boat, with Wanda's new hand bra facing their audience. The cousin couldn't help but get a couple squeezes in. These squeezes shifted his hands and brought Wands's nipples back view through between the cousin's fingers. Wanda was aware of this, but she knew everyone had already seen what there is to see, and she loves getting her boobs squeezed a little more than she probably should.
Once they made it to the stairway down to the cabin, Wanda pried the hands off her breasts. The cousins had created a shield to block the now binocular-clad men watching, and were rewarded with one final bounce of Wanda's breasts as she stepped behind a curtain to put on some new clothes. The cousins were eager to lend her some of their shirts to her, and mentioned that before they made their way out on the water to fish that they would get her another bikini top. Wanda knew better than to expect anything that covered more than her previous piece, but she wouldn't make a fuss about it because of how nice the cousins had been at protecting her modesty as much as they had.
As Wanda covered her damp breasts with a baggy tank top, she peered over at a nearby tacklebox and made a note of the various hooks and lures. Her imagination ran a bit wild with how easily some of her clothing in particular could be pulled from her with those, but she knew better than to be fantasizing about that sort of thing. One wardrobe malfunction around her husband's cousins would only happen once on a fishing trip, right?
TO BE CONTINUED...