This is the first of two planned series following the main character named Memphis. Memphis is a navy seal. This chapter covers the life story of Memphis and Amanda with him saving her life on spring break through the first 12 years of their marriage. As a fictious second cousin to the Walton family and the Wal-Mart fortune, she was independently wealthy thanks to a family trust fund. Anyone who is having sexual relations in this story series are 18 years of age or older. No underage sex happens in this story series. Any similarities to the main characters are total chance. Only a few real-life names are real. This is a fictional story. This chapter includes normal teen male and female sex, some lesbian sex, and group sex. This series is set in the future where Judicial slavery is legal. It will start in later chapters with more background information to come as needed on judicial slavery.
Special shout out to BRY1977 for help with editing my story.
Chapter 3 Meeting her family.
1st week of June in 2030. Meeting her family. Day 1
On the day before the jet arrives to take me back to Arkansas, I am having panic attacks because I will not know anyone else except Amanda or even speak to anyone but Jim or Wanda. I force myself to sleep and not drink alcohol as I want to put forth my best when I meet them. The plan was to meet the plane at 10 a.m. I get up extra early to get in my morning run and take my shower before getting ready to leave for Arkansas. I have borrowed a nice suitcase to try to make the best of my first appearance. To avoid paying for parking, I scheduled an Uber ride to the airport. The plane is expected to pull up to the hangar where I am waiting. I get there almost an hour early as I would never dream of being late.
I got a text 20 minutes early from Jim telling me that the plane had just landed. They will taxi up to the hanger and the plane will be refueled for the return trip. He said the pilots should be ready to leave in 45 minutes. I replied that I was already there waiting. I didn't tell him I had been there for 35 minutes already as I didn't know how they would take it. I look at the plane pulling up 5 minutes later. There is a fuel truck already there waiting to refuel the plane as soon as it stops. The plane looks like a small missile with twin jet engines on it. The tail number is N452CJ. It's the same plane that picked up Amanda and the girls from spring break to take them home. The plane comes to a halt and the stairwell opens as the engines come to a halt.
I see Amanda racing down the stairs as she is 75 feet away from me. This is the first time I have seen her in person since that weekend which changed our lives forever. We ran towards each other to meet in the middle as she leaped into my arms. We kiss as I spin her around and around. I see in the corner of my eye a couple that I recognize from the video as her parents as they are coming down the steps of the plane. I was hoping to spend the 4 hours or so on the trip there with just me and Amanda having the chance to talk about what would be happening in the next 10 days. I put her down as we started walking toward her parents.
Jim shakes my hand as he looks at me trying to decide if I am worthy of his daughter or if I am trying to steal her from them. Jim and Wanda tell Amanda to introduce us all.
After the introductions are made, Wanda tells Jim to behave and not try to embarrass him. Wanda tells me to give her a hug.
"We are all so glad to meet you. Since Jim and I couldn't wait until you got here, we flew in this morning to meet you privately before you meet the whole family tomorrow. We have a small get-together planned for tonight with just us and her brother and sister. We know you like steak and what navy man doesn't like to drink alcohol?" Asked Wanda
I am immediately on alert with a thought that whatever I do I will not get drunk and make an ass out of myself. The cool breeze off the ocean keeps the air temperature cool here in southern California so even though it's 10 a.m. the first week in June the temperature is a nice 70-degree.
Jim asks me to bring the luggage to give to the stewardess. I told him I only had one suitcase and a small bag. He is laughing as he looks at Wanda and Amanda and says, "See he knows how to pack light unlike some of my family." They laugh at the innocent comment from him.
The stewardess takes the 2 bags from me and puts them in the hold of the plane. The copilot walks up to Jim and tells him the refueling will be completed in 10 minutes and we can take off after that. 20 minutes later we are getting buckled into the most comfortable leather seats I have ever sat in.
My only experience with flying is a few commercial flights and a few jumps out of planes to learn to parachute. Let's face it, military transports are not designed for luxury. Many of the parachute jumps I have made were on C130 aircraft. Nothing has prepared me for this experience.
The pilot is taxiing to the runway now with the announcement that we will be taking off in 5 minutes for the 3-hour 30-minute flight to Fayetteville. He says it should be a smooth flight at 45,000 feet with a tailwind helping cut the normal flight time by 20 minutes. The roll-out and take-off are smooth as silk. Only once did I feel any turbulence as we were climbing to cruising altitude. 15 minutes later the pilot announced that we were at cruising altitude. The noise from the flight was easy to talk over without having to raise our voices.
I must admit that I do not know what to expect from the next 10 days, but I am looking forward to every one of them.
Wanda started talking by saying, "If you want to stay in Amanda's room with her, we are ok with it if we don't get too loud. I don't want my son and my other daughter to get the idea that they can bring home someone all the time."
I assure her that we will be on our best behavior. The flight went by in no time as Jim and Wanda asked a lot more questions and got to know me. They asked questions that Wanda already seemed to know the answers to or seemed to know a lot about me.
Amanda said there was an immediate family get-together tonight to meet the other 2 kids. Landing clearance for the jet at Fayetteville must have already been set up as we only got 10 minutes of warning that we were about to land. There was a blue and white (Wal-Mart's main colors) GMC Tahoe waiting at the hanger for us to get into.
The driver went to the plane to get my bags and he carried them to the rear of the SUV. I was prepared to get into the middle of the second row, but Jim laughed and said he was driving us, and I could either get in the passenger seat or sit in the second row with Amanda.
I chose to sit in the second row behind her father. Wanda kept turning and smiling to look at us as we drove maybe 20 miles or so into the Ozark hills. The land was rolling with plenty of trees, open pastureland, a few ponds, and a decent size lake. The further we went from Fayetteville, the taller the hills got. When Jim turned off the highway onto a private driveway, my eyes got as big as flying saucers. The home must have been 15,000 square feet. It was set on the side of a hill overlooking the lake we just passed on the road. I could see a deck on the back of the house that must have been designed by an engineer for a railroad from all the support legs and how high the deck was off the ground below. Wanda and Jim were watching me look at everything like a kid in a candy store.
Amanda whispered in my ear, "We will talk for a little while later this afternoon." She had arranged to give me a private tour of the estate before sundown and the steak dinner was to start at 7 pm. "Grab your bags and follow me to my room." We walked up the grand staircase to go to her room on the second floor. She told me her siblings slept on the third floor and we would have privacy as the rooms were almost soundproof. I put both of my bags inside a bedroom that is the size of a house.
After both of us used the facilities to relieve ourselves, she pulled me outside again to a shop that the home had hidden from view as we pulled in. It is now 4:30 pm as we went into the shop. She hits the garage door opener beside the entry door. We sit on a high-performance Polaris side-by-side ATV as she backs out of the shop. I could tell that she was a tomboy in her early teens as she took off toward the hills overlooking the lake. 25 minutes later after going up, down, over, and around hills through the woods, she says "We are here."
As we reach the peak of the tallest hill on the estate. The view is breathtaking. What I thought was a decent-sized lake was only a small portion of it. She said, "This is the family estate."
She points out houses in the distance and starts naming off who lives there and how they are related to them. She turns to me as she tells me, "We need to have a serious talk." I nod as I do not know what to say or even what she wants to talk about.
Amanda asks me to let her talk and finish before you ask any questions. "I guess you have figured out that we are part of the Wal-Mart family fortune."
I said, "I had figured that out by now." I was floored by her next statements.
"I have a trust fund that I will receive a monthly income from until my 25th birthday. After I turn twenty-five, I will inherit my trust fund completely. Until I turn twenty-five, if and/or when we get married, per trust fund regulations you will have to sign a prenup stating that you only have access to what is in our joint accounts at the time of divorce." She tells me that it would be enough for me to be able to leave the Navy right now if I chose to do so.
I was stunned by what she was telling me. Her monthly allowance from the trust fund was $10,000 a month in cash in addition to paying her car payment, both car and health insurance, and full tuition if she stays in college with passing grades.
"This year I had a 3.6 grade point average while I lived in the dorm and was on the dance team. When we get married, the allowance doubles to $20,000 per month. Anything else such as building or buying a home will be approved by my parents, the lawyer, and the accountant when I tell them what we want."
I looked at her with questions on my face that she knew she had to answer. She told me, "I am going to be completely honest with you. I have a gift of visions that allows me to have select visions of the future. All the females on my mother's side of my family have the gift to one degree or another. I knew you were going to save me that day on the beach. I knew the riptide was there. I did not know your name till that day in your CO's office. I know where we will get married and that we will have 2 kids in the future."
"I will not tell you everything I know now but I will tell you that you will marry me on July 4th of next year. You love me and I will love you to the very end. My visions are a family secret. You will stay in the Navy for over 12 years reaching the rank of Commander. You will be injured twice in the line of duty. In the next 3 years, we will both live together and apart while I finish school here. You will be deployed several times overseas."
"You will be shot in the leg saving an ambassador's wife and daughter who are being held captive in a hostile country. We will find time to make it work as I will know when and where to visit you. The second year after we are married, we will start building our home here in Fayetteville. The home will be built and paid for by my trust fund. My mother also has the gift of visions but it's not as strong in her as it is in me. She told me about 3 years ago where we would build our home at. It is about 7 miles further down the road. There are a thousand acres of land with several small lakes and 1 big lake on it. She has already bought the land using my trust fund. The land is held in my trust for us to build on whenever we want to start."
"I will take you there tomorrow on a picnic and we will christen the land and go skinny dipping as well. And yes, your next question is you will be a trust fund multimillionaire the day we get married. I know your love for me, for our kids, your honor to the Navy, and your country. Your honesty, intelligence, and love will be everything we both want out of life. You will propose to me on an assignment later this year."
"Now it is time to get back to eat as they are waiting for us to get back before serving the food."
As we were riding back to the house, I thought back to the first weekend together and many things fell into place. Little things that Amanda had said or alluded to during those 3 days, or the phone/video calls now started making sense.
The steak dinner that night was something that would have to be seen to be described. The steak they handed me was a porterhouse steak that was 2 inches thick. I could tell it would melt in my mouth. A table was set up outside on the back deck. A slight breeze kept the warm weather pleasant as the sun set behind the Ozark hills. I finally met her younger brother and sister.
Mark and Brenda were 2 and 3 years younger than Amanda. Brenda and Amanda looked so much alike that they could be twins if Brenda was a little older. Brenda was 2 inches shorter with the same body as Amanda. Mark had just gotten his driver's license as he had turned 16 last week. I could tell he would be a player as he grew up. Her siblings sat outside with us after dinner and asked me many questions.
Who my family is, how long I have been in the Navy, do I want to stay in the Navy as a SEAL. Both the brother and sister as well as the parents talk to me like I am a lifelong family friend even though it's the first time they have ever met me in person. As the stars come out on a dark moonless night, I can tell that Amanda wants to go to bed. We all say good night to everyone and climb the stairs to her bedroom.
She is shutting the door with one hand and taking off her clothes with the other. Shoes, her top, shorts, lacy bra, and panty set go flying in 5 different directions. I am amazed at how fast she got naked. Her lips send out electric bolts of lightning as we kiss.
I pick her up and carry her to her bed. She reached up to pull my polo shirt over my head. I spread her legs as I climb on top of her nibbling her neck down to her breasts. I suck on each nipple. She moans and squirms as I use my hands to rub the insides of her thighs to bring my fingers up to her labia inside to her g spot. Still holding her down I make my way past her belly button as I lick her cleanly shaved mons.
My tongue finds the target it is searching for. I flick my tongue once, twice, three times as I slowly suck her clit into my mouth using my tongue to bring her higher and higher as her orgasm builds to the breaking point as she screams with a full body shake. I am surprised as my mouth fills up. OMG, she has squirted all over everything as I can't swallow it fast enough. Amanda passed out from the strength of her orgasm.
About 45 seconds later she smiles up at me and tells me that I bring her joy by licking her as I do. She blushes and then tells me that she has only had 3 lovers before me and only 1 of them had given her oral. She is laughing as she tells me that he had absolutely no idea what he was doing.
"Memphis make love to me all night long. I want to feel you inside me. I want to feel you come inside me." She pulls my shorts and underwear down as I assume the missionary position on top of her.
With 1 single thrust, I bury my cock in her dripping wet pussy. She locks her ankles around my waist pulling me in harder and faster with her legs as I can feel her muscles tighten up around my penis. I piston in and out as another orgasm for her and my first of the night arrives within split seconds of each other. I have had a few more than 3 lovers but none of the times I have gotten laid in the past has prepared me for what I am experiencing in her bed.
We are both sweating from arousal mixed in with desire laced with raw sexual energy. I keep my arms under me to support my weight as we are still intertwined from sex. We both lay there gasping for breath. When my breathing starts returning to normal, I can feel her juices mixed with the cum from my balls running down her legs. I have never licked a lover after I cum in her pussy before, but I know that I must do it now.
She can tell what I am about to do as she looks me in the eyes and asks if I am sure this is what I want to do.
I tell her that my future wife will always be cleaned up with my tongue. As I am licking from her thighs up towards the most sacred of womanly spots, I can tell she is speeding quickly to blasting off again. I feel like a bucking bull cowboy riding for 8 seconds with her gripping the top of my head. Amanda reaches multiple rapid-fire pulses in her pussy as I suck on her clit while spreading her inner and outer lips with my hands. I am so glad that we are the only ones staying on the 2nd floor as the sounds from her mouth even made me blush.
She turns me on my back as we change places, and she takes my dick back into her mouth to clean me up. I can tell she has not given many blowjobs before as she only takes the top 3 inches in her mouth before I feel her starting to gag.
I tell her to only take what she can comfortably get in her mouth without gagging she nods back to me. We talk for 10 minutes or so as I am ready to make love once again.
She whispers in my ear that she will be on top this time and for me to suck on her titties as this is one of her major turn-ons while she is sliding up and down on my unit. I grab both ass cheeks and slap one and then the other as she is riding slowly sensually making love to me.
Day 2 of meeting her family.
I slowly wake up in the middle of the night curled up behind her in a spooning position. Her hot ass is rubbing on me getting me hard again I have a breast in my hand draped over her chest as I gently squeeze it. I can feel her moving her ass and guiding my hard cock into her from behind. I use slow short strokes as I work my way deeper into her until I feel the bottoms of her cheeks on my pubic hair.
I continue to lazily roll her nipple between my thumb and first finger. I feel the cum rising from my balls as I grunt and deposit my seed in her again.
Laughing as she must be reading my mind, she said I want all of it inside me. Both of us sleep until 5 am when I normally get up. I feel her lips on my cock again sucking my morning hardness in her mouth. I tell her I am going for a run.
She said she would bring me breakfast after I got done running. One thing about running at the beach in the sand or on the base, the ground is flat. Running here in the hills and over uneven terrain plus the lack of sleep the last 2 days has me winded. I look up to see the spot where she took me yesterday overlooking the large lake. As I turn the last corner, there she is with a blanket on the ground taking containers of food out of a basket. I am learning not to be surprised by anything she does.
As I stop running and look at her, she grins back at me and tells me I am just in time for breakfast. She has a blanket spread out on the ground with bottles of water, orange juice, and black coffee. On paper plates, she has a mix of fruit, scrambled eggs, pancakes with syrup, biscuits and jelly, bacon, and sausage with a variety of pastries. She grins as she tells me that her gift of visions only tells me the major events and not something minor such as food preferences.
I tell her to give me a little of everything. I start with a bottle of OJ that I drank in 2 gulps. I nibble on bacon and sausage while taking the lid of one of the coffee mugs. She hands me a plate with eggs and 2 small pancakes that she drizzles syrup on.
After finishing breakfast, we put everything away back on the ATV. Amanda tells me we are going to the land our future home will be on. Driving the few miles down the road on the ATV, she slows down to tell me this is our driveway. We go just past the driveway that has a locked gate across it to where there is an opening between 2 trees just big enough for the ATV to go through. She goes through the opening and back onto a road on the land. We drive around slowly for 30 minutes or so as she points out things she likes on the land. She shows me a spring coming out of one of the hills.
The water is cold as it goes down the hill in a stream. Following the edge of the stream down the hill I see a lake starting to come into view. There is a rocky ledge on one side of the lake. She drives behind a hill and parks near the top of the bank under a tree that must be 200 years old. The tree overhangs the lake below. On the lowest and largest limb hanging over the water is a rope made into a swing.
I can picture her, her brother, and her sister swinging into the lake water below on hot summer days. I look around and there is not a single home in view anywhere. I can tell you that this will be the perfect spot to raise our kids. I haven't even asked her to marry me yet and I am planning to raise our kids here. I look over to her taking her clothes off to see her down to a tiny black string bikini that she must have been wearing under her clothes. Pulling the strings like a magician the bikini falls off in her hands.
She tells me that I have been waiting 3 years to go skinny dipping here for the first time. I replied let's not wait any longer. She takes off slowly running across the grass to grab the rope swing as she makes a perfect dive into the water that barely causes a ripple. I must say I am impressed.
Taking off my clothes and leaving them on the seat of the ATV, I ran up to the edge and dived headfirst into the water. My plan was to dive in and come up under her pulling her down as I came up. On my way back up after reaching the bottom of my dive, I didn't see her anywhere.
When I break the surface, I see her standing on the edge of the rocks holding on with one hand. On the other hand, she gives me a finger going side to side saying I was a naughty boy you can't do that to me. I called out to her to come swim out to me. She pushed off the rock and swam out to me, never taking her eyes off me one time. I reached out to her to pull her closer to me. She wraps her long-toned legs around my waist as we kiss. Thank God for my training as a Seal as I can keep us afloat while we were kissing.
Amanda showed me a path up the side of the cliff that they had carved out of the rocks to climb out of the water. We jump and swim for a while before she tells me it's time to christen the land. I started to reach out to pick her up but changed my mind at the last second as I grabbed her and threw her over my shoulder carrying her towards the towels that we had laid out earlier. I slap each of her ass cheeks hard several times while carrying her toward the towels causing her to yelp out loud. I can tell this is the first time she has been spanked that hard. An evil thought crosses my mind as I stop at the ATV and bring her over my legs holding her hands and arms behind her back with my left hand. I teasingly spank first the left then the right ass cheek. I ask her who's ass this is while slowly spanking her cute little tush.
She said it's my ass.
I tell her that I will spank this ass when I want to if I think she has been bad. I only spank it about 10 times gently on each cheek as I tell her to mount me as I let her up. Her pussy is dripping wet with her juices. I teased her by telling her that I own it now. She replies to me that it has been yours since you pulled me out of the water that day.
The sex after the spanking is on a new level. We are both vocal, coming several times. The good thing about being a Navy Seal is that I am in excellent shape from swimming and running all the time. My squad members and I have been pumping iron for the last 3 months now, so my upper body strength is growing as I add muscle mass. We clean each other post-coitus.
She gets up asking me to bring the towels over into the sunlight. I want to keep my tan and not have a tan line. We stretch out in the sunlight turning over every few minutes as we talk. I applied tanning oil on her nude body. Rubbing in the oil all over her body from her neck down to her toes is bringing my member back to full status as I rub the oil on her butt.
I turn her over to oil up the front as I totally enjoy oiling up those large C-cup titties. When I get down to her waist, I quit rubbing the oil on her and pull her legs apart as I ease down to her cleanly shaved mons. I part her lips with my hands and bring my tongue down to her causing her to moan and jump like she has been shot. The June sunlight in Arkansas starts to get intense as it's well past noon and approaching midafternoon. After 2 rapid orgasms, she bends at the waist to reach up and grab my cock guiding it into her waiting open pussy. I slowly make love to her which brings her to multiple orgasms. By this time, it's approaching 4 p.m.
She said we have about an hour or so left here before we must go back home to greet the family for the BBQ tonight. We jump in the water one last time as we use the lake water to wash the oil and sex smell off our bodies. She motions for me to drive us home as she wants to relax on the way home. She has left her top off as she is in her bikini top and her shorts. The drive back to her house whizzes by fast as I am trying to not think about tonight. If her family made such a big deal last night, I could only imagine what tonight would bring.
Amanda's sister is inside the barn when we pull into the shop to park the ATV. She looks at Amanda as she teases, "Is it done yet? Has the land been christened?" Brenda tells Amanda that her first vision months ago was us today naked having sex on the land.
I am no longer able to hide my excitement from her. Brenda is laughing as she said I only saw a glimpse here and there, but I know you both were enjoying yourselves "in and out (with the double meaning)" of the water. At 6 pm, you need to leave the house and drive to Sam's house for dinner at 6:30 pm.
We go up to Amanda's bathroom to shower together. We take turns washing and soaping each other's bodies. I get out of the shower faster than she does as I only have short hair on my head to wash. By the time she gets out, I am already dressed.
Minutes later she comes out to get dressed as she puts on a knee-length sun dress that has a built-in bra. No sign of a tan line is visible as the dress shows her entire naked back.
"I ordered this dress weeks ago. It's the first time I have worn it," She said.
The navy blue dress matches her eyes. Her cleavage is on display. While only a large C-cup in size they were perfect to me. I can tell that she is becoming more and more of a woman in front of me.
"Tonight, you will meet both sides of my family. I will not leave your side at any time." We took 2 cars to the dinner. Mark is happy to take Brenda in his new car to dinner letting Amanda and I ride with her parents.
Jim tells me to relax that I am too tense and to loosen up. We pulled up to a short line of cars. There is a valet service parking the cars. If there is valet parking the cars for this event, what else will there be tonight? Jim is on my right and Wanda is on Amanda's left side. They take me around introducing me to everyone. I have never shaken so many men's hands and hugged so many women I have never met before.
As it's approaching 7, Jim points us towards the entrance to the ballroom. There are several food serving stations with attendants staffing each station. I look over everything available and choose prime rib. I can almost taste it as it's being sliced and put on my plate. I tried to sit in the back corner but Wanda was laughing telling me we were at the head table. Jim points to the bartenders and tells me to get a drink.
I normally drink beer straight out of a bottle but as I look around, I notice all the men are drinking whisky and the women are drinking wine. I told the bartender to give me a weak crown and coke. Jim laughs and tells the server to make it a double strength for both of us. It's time Memphis for you to loosen up around us. I know you're trying to make a good first impression but as a family you need to relax and be yourself. As the evening turns into late night, the guests start leaving a few at a time.
Wanda tells me that Amanda and I are taking the jet to Jonesboro tomorrow morning to visit my parents. It's less than an hour in the air. The valets will be driving us home after the party as none of us will be driving drunk after leaving the party. None of us wants anything to happen to cause us to be enslaved because we are drinking and driving when we have someone available to drive us instead. We get back to their house well after midnight.
Amanda is three sheets to the wind as she has had several glasses of wine without a lot of food to absorb the alcohol in her system. I pick her up like she is a feather to carry her up the stairs.
Wanda smiles at me and reminds me we are leaving for the airport at 8 a.m. after breakfast. Be sure to get some sleep as you have a long week ahead of you. I practically forced Amanda to go to sleep. We have all week to have sex. Her pouting lips are all I can do to resist not staying up all night making love to her.
Day 3 Meeting my family in Jonesboro.
The next morning at breakfast I surprisingly did not have a hangover. Jim tells me that Crown doesn't give him a hangover either. Amanda and I each packed 1 bag to take to spend the next 4 days and 3 nights at my parents' house. The short drive to the airport made me excited to see my parents for the first time in months. I kept my mother and father updated on what I thought I could or should tell them about Amanda without telling them of her "GIFT OF VISIONS".
The chauffeur took us straight to the parking area only feet away from the plane. He hands our 2 bags to the stewardess who stows them inside the plane. The pilot nods to Amanda and says we can leave in 5 minutes if we are ready. The nice thing about flying in a jet is you leave when you're ready without having to wait for all the other passengers and crew to get ready. The short 40-minute flight is smooth as we are above the clouds just seconds after takeoff. After landing as the plane is parked in an unloading area, I see my parents there waiting for me.
Exiting the plane with Amanda's arm around mine, we walk up as I introduce her to my parents Danny and Karen. As they were all introducing themselves, I retrieved our bags from the flight attendant as the pilot hadn't even shut the engines off. Our return flight is scheduled for late afternoon in 4 days. We got into Danny's GMC extended cab pickup truck for the drive to their house. Arriving back at my childhood home relaxes me as Amanda notices me looking at her and then at my parents and back to her again. As an only child, I had a bedroom at the other end of the house from my parents. I always liked having a little more privacy than the kids I grew up around in our neighborhood.
I could tell from mom and dad's looks they wondered if we were going to sleep together in the same bedroom in their house. Before they could even ask, I told them I wanted us to all sit down to discuss our lives together. I started with the story of how I had saved Amanda's life, our first weekend together, our talking and video chatting online (less the sex video chats), to the past weekend with her family. I explained how we were perfect for each other. After this week when I go back to San Diego to my unit, I asked Amanda to live with me this summer before leaving to go back home in time for her sophomore year of school. I guess it was me telling them our summer plans that made them realize that we were going to be sleeping (at least part of the time) in my bedroom. I wasn't ready to tell them that we were getting married in just 13 months. Hell, I haven't even proposed to Amanda yet. I told them she was the daughter of one of the Walton Family members. Other than arriving on a jet, nothing Amanda had done or said let them think she was a trust fund millionaire.
Mom tells me that we are going out to an early dinner tonight at Red Lobster to celebrate my coming home and bringing a girlfriend. I love my steak and shrimp dinner. Mom and Amanda got Walt's favorite shrimp and the shrimp alfredo combo. Dad gets a lobster tail. We all get a frozen margarita to drink. My parents are asking Amanda all the same questions her parents asked me. They asked about her parents, her siblings, all her family, how old they were, what she was studying at college, etc...
We all sit there long enough after dinner that everyone, but Dad has a 2nd drink each. I am proud of Dad as he only drinks one drink with the meal since he is driving us tonight. We all went back home as they wanted to talk a little more about me and Amanda. We all sat down in the living room with me and her sitting close to each other on the couch. Dad is sitting in his normal chair and Mom is on the love seat. I told them that I had an appointment to talk to my uncle Ronnie tomorrow at 11. Ronnie is Dad's brother who is the lawyer of the family.
Mom and Dad are looking at me wondering why I am going to see Ronnie. I tell them only half the reasons I want to talk to him. I tell them that most seals have wills made out in case something happens to them while on an assignment which is the truth. I hear Amanda start breathing again. I honestly did want to get a will made out as well as talk to Ronnie about the prenup. Everything would be Amanda's in case something happened to me after we got married. The main reason I wanted to talk to him was to start getting the prenup paperwork signed.
My plans for tomorrow morning were my normal daily 4-mile run after breakfast followed by the meeting with Ronnie at his office. Tomorrow after the meeting with Ronnie I planned to take Amanda to show her where I went to school as well as to meet some of my friends from high school. I was the first one to wake up in the house the next morning, so I cooked breakfast. I was up at 5:30 sharp.
Day 4 of meeting our families.
Mom walked into the kitchen and was amazed that everything was almost ready to eat. Laughing at me she said she should have sent me to military school years ago because when I was living at home I never got up until noon or when Mom or Dad dragged me out of bed. Usually only get up with enough time to get dressed and grab a bite of breakfast before going to school. I fixed toast and jelly, scrambled eggs, bacon strips, sausage patties, hash browns, OJ, and fresh black coffee.
Dad came into the dining room a minute later as I told them to sit down, and that I would fix them a plate. They must have talked last night after they went to bed as I could tell they wanted to talk to me alone. I knew Amanda would still be asleep as I had kept her up half the night having sex even though I tried to make her go to sleep without us fooling around. Dad starts the conversation asking me if I am moving too fast.
Mother tells me she is not ready to have a grandchild at only 42 years of age. Knowing what Amanda has told me in private about our lives, I start smiling while they are talking.
I stopped them before long as I had already decided that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with Amanda. I assured them that I knew what I was getting into and that for the next 3 years, she would only be able to see me part-time such as during the summer break, spring break, maybe Thanksgiving and Christmas/New Year's holidays in addition to what leave I can get here to come back to Arkansas. I don't tell them about her trust fund as I don't want them to think I am only marrying her for her money. By now I know it will be true love forever.
They seem to have talked about that as well because they changed their line of discussion by saying how much we act like we belong together already. Just minutes later I hear Amanda in the bathroom as she has gotten up for the day. Dad handed me the keys to his truck. He said he had rented a car to be delivered this morning to his house.
I tried to tell him I could call us an Uber ride to get us around, but he laughed and said Uber is still not that popular here. A few minutes after breakfast, Mom, and Amanda, both tell me to go do my morning run as they clean up the kitchen since I cooked breakfast. I start out at a decent pace but quickly speed up as I want to finish my morning run to get back to them ASAP.
I guess at the length I have run as I am watching my stopwatch on my wrist. Arriving back home, I find both sitting on the couch talking back and forth.
Amanda tells me that she and Karen are going shopping while I clean up and then go to meet Ronnie alone. One of my worries was what was Amanda going to do alone with my mother while I consulted Ronnie about both sets of legal questions that I had.
I am alone for the first time in 3 days. I realize what an odd experience it is as I have already become used to having my future wife with me. Pulling into the parking lot at Ronnie's office, I walk in as he is coming out to hand the secretary a file. Ronnie quickly walks over to shake my hand.
He told me to come into his office to tell him what I wanted to discuss with him. I explained that I have 3 legal things I want to do. First, I want to talk about a will. I explain how the other members of my seal team all have wills prepared for the worst-case scenario.
Ronnie tells me, "That is an easy document to prepare as it can be updated as needed in the future. What is the other thing you wanted to talk to me about?"
I tell Ronnie, "I want a Power of Attorney drawn up for Amanda to oversee it."
"That is easy enough to draft for you Memphis," is his reply. "What is the last thing you need me to do for you?"
I stammer into asking about how hard it is to set up a prenup agreement. A questionable look is on his face as I explain I am considering marrying Amanda. I don't know if Mom and/or Dad have said anything to him about Amanda. From the looks he gives me they haven't said anything to him. I briefly go into meeting her without the long version by saying I think I am going to ask her to marry me soon. Protecting your assets is easy if she signs and agrees to everything you ask for, he tells me.
Laughing I tell him the prenup is for me agreeing to protect her assets as I start explaining her trust fund. His eyebrows give him away when he asks who she is as I explain who her family is. His reply is one of honesty.
Ronnie replied that what I needed to do was let him contact the trust fund law firm for guidance on what is and is not covered. I tell him my goal is not to rely on her trust fund as it's the last thing on my mind. He tells me if I am serious about marriage and a prenup then it's only another step to give her power of attorney in case something happens to me then Amanda will already have it ready.
I agreed quickly then quickly told him to make 2 of them. One with her maiden name only and the other with her married name. The entire meeting took about an hour.
He tells me he should have something ready to sign tomorrow supplied by the law firm for the trust fund if they get back to him in a timely manner today.
I texted Mom asking where they were. She tells me it's a surprise for me to find out later tonight. I called three of my best friends from high school. Two of them are working but George says he can meet me for lunch as he is about to leave for lunch anyway. We met at Chilis for a cheeseburger. I am there about a minute before he walks in.
We sit down at the bar as we each have a beer with our lunch. He tells me that he started working at the Harley Dealership after school ended last year. George was always the bad boy of the group attracting all the attention from the ladies at school. As we went outside, I realized he was riding a HOG.
He tells me to climb on like I am riding it. The thought of having a motorcycle never crossed my mind until just now. My thoughts at once went to seeing how hot Amanda would look in black leather riding on the back with me. George tells me we all need to get together tonight at Roy's bar in Paragould for old times' sake.
I told him to set it up and I would bring Amanda to meet everyone. I decided to go home after lunch to help Dad out with the yard work. I just finished the weed eating after mowing the entire yard as Amanda and my Mom pulled up. They seem happy like they have bonded all their life after just having met yesterday.
Mom tells me to go clean up while they fix dinner. I take a quick shower and get dressed to go to Roy's tonight. Mom and Amanda have fixed tacos for dinner. I love spicy Mexican food. I tell them both before eating dinner tonight that I am taking Amanda to meet my friends at Roy's for a couple of beers.
Mom refuses to let us have alcohol with dinner because she knows we are going to drink tonight. I don't want you to be tipsy driving there and don't drive home if you're too drunk. Amanda promises to only drink 1 beer early at Roy's and to be the designated driver home tonight. Over dinner, everyone talks about their day. Mom and Amanda share their shopping experiences while Dad talks about the merger to acquire a local bank he is working on.
I tell them I met George for lunch without mentioning he rides a Harley or that he works at the local dealership.
That night at Roy's we all met up at 8 pm. Roy's is a hole-in-the-wall bar that serves ice-cold pitchers of beer and cooks a mean thick juicy cheeseburger. Amanda and I pass on the Cheeseburgers but we both get mugs to drink the beer. All my friends want to talk to Amanda. The poor girl is asked more questions by my friends than my parents did. With the jukebox playing in the corner, we dance a couple of dances out on the floor.
Amanda rubs her shapely ass on me which drives me wild. I can tell she is getting hot and bothered as well. Even though she is wearing a modest top with a padded bra underneath I can glimpse her nipples are standing tall and hard. About half of my friends have brought dates, I knew 2 of them from school or from the area.
George is dating a girl named Roberta from Rogers Arkansas. Amanda knows her from the Miss Teen Arkansas pageant three years ago. They hit it off as neither of them knew any of the other girls. If you know the old story, girls with tiny bladders can't go to the bathroom by themselves. Some of my friends are going to college like Amanda and some have decided to start working like George.
One of the times that Amanda and Roberta went to the bathroom, I saw Amanda stop at the bar to order more beer. Little did I know that she was picking up the tab for all of us to drink beer that night.
As it's now approaching 11, we all start to disperse. Amanda and Roberta have made plans for both couples to spend the next evening together at George's apartment. Amanda takes the keys to my dad's truck as she has stopped drinking after 1 mug of beer.
I made it my duty tonight to drink my fair share of cold beer knowing that I have a designated driver, so I don't risk a DWI. I don't want to get in trouble with the law or the Navy. I only gave her two hints on where to turn on the way back to my parents. We try to slip in quietly, but Mom is watching TV in the living room. I am not stumbling drunk as we walk in, but I can tell she is a little annoyed at the time, but she doesn't say anything.
She tells me that she knows I am responsible and didn't drive home so I am happy about that. Looking at Amanda, she tells me that we make a good couple.
I picked up Amanda and told Mom we were going to bed and that I would cook breakfast again in the morning. Shutting the door, we take off our clothes as Amanda climbs on top of me. She is rubbing her naked titties and pussy all over me. I am so relaxed from drinking and seeing my friends whom I haven't seen in almost a year. Amanda wastes no time as she slides her vagina on top of my hard penis. She holds it with one hand as she teases the head before slowly taking it full length till our bodies connect.
I remind myself to not get too loud during sex. I roll her nipples between my thumb and fingers. They are causing her breathing to increase as well as her tempo during sex. The sex with her is getting better every time we have sex. We reach our peak within seconds after I nibble on a titty while grabbing each ass cheek pulling her down on top of me faster and deeper. I pick her up and spin her around into a 69 before we reach our orgasms. I want to taste her again as well as not having to get up to clean us up. I am not going to make a wet spot on the bed that we must sleep in. I don't want my mother to see it on the sheets either.
Day 5 of meeting our families.
She knows I have sex but still, it's my mother and I want to keep it private not causing her to be embarrassed or upset when she washes the sheets after we leave. I sleep like a baby curled around her body. When the alarm rings in the morning to wake me up, I realize that we are both naked. My morning hard penis is in her crack while my arm is over her side as my hand is resting on her breast that is outside the cover. I so want to roll her over on her stomach to pull her up doggy style driving my cock into her this morning. Instead, I ease out of bed trying to not wake up the love of my life. I slip into the Jack and Jill bath between the bedrooms.
I turn on the hot water in the shower and I let it cascade over me. I grab the bar of soap to wash my body before getting out of the shower to dry off. Getting dressed, I put on a t-shirt with a navy seal emblem on it as well as a pair of boxers and a pair of running shorts. I will put on my socks and shoes after breakfast and before my morning run. Walking down the hall towards the kitchen I am happy to see my mom walking from the master bedroom towards the kitchen at the same time.
Mom asks if just the two of us can talk while making breakfast. I nod my head at her wondering what she wants to talk about. She just starts talking by asking me where I see Amanda and my relationship going.
Grinning, I reply that we are made for each other. I know that I want Amanda to finish her accounting degree at the University of Arkansas. I mention that I want to remain in the Navy as a Seal. I tell her that I can see our lives together forever.
She is looking at me as I am talking about my plans for our future, knowing everything that Amanda has told me about our future lives. We finish cooking a modest breakfast and sit at the table across from each other.
"Ask me anything you want to about us," I told her.
"Do you love her, and does she love you?" I told her Yes, and yes. "Are you planning to ask her to marry you?" I again told her Yes. "Are you planning to have kids soon?"No, I replied, I want her to finish college first.
"I know we have only known each other for 3 months. We have only seen each other for 2 weeks during that time. It's not about her money. I haven't told you everything because she is from a wealthy family. Amanda has a trust fund. Part of the trust fund rules is that I sign a prenup till she reaches 25 years of age. At that time the prenup is voided. Amanda has not told me how much money is in her trust fund."
"The amount of money is of no concern to me. I would make the same choice if she didn't have the trust fund." I tell her that we are perfect for each other.
"You really do love her, don't you? "She asked me.
"I do with all my heart."
Laughing she tells me "I know you have the sex part down pat. I wasn't trying to be noisy but last night after you went to bed, I came down the hall to knock on the door to talk to you both about your plans for today, but I overheard the sex between both of you. From what I heard you have aced that part already."
"Mom, I know we never talked about sex while I was living here at home, but Amanda and I are compatible in that area."
"I will talk to your father tonight after work. All 4 of us will sit down before you leave to go back to Fayetteville. You will have our blessing with anything you choose to do in the future."
I hear both Dad and Amanda coming down the hall to eat breakfast. We end our breakfast conversation right there without saying anything else. The rest of the discussion will be finished later today when all 4 of us sit down together.
I tell everyone I am going to put my socks and shoes on for my morning run. I put on my nano pod and my earbuds for my run as I am leaving the house. During my run, I start thinking about the last 3 months, the past days, and our future with the knowledge that Amanda has given me. Married next year, 2 kids a year apart after she graduates, my career in the Navy as a seal is so much to take in that I lost track of time. I look ahead of me at Mom's car as both Amanda and her are looking at me as I am running.
They look like Amanda grew up next door. I make a note to myself to ask her if she has said anything to my mother about our future. I realize that I have run more than usual this morning. I have not looked at my watch once since I left to start my run. Checking the time, I ran for just under 2 hours. Normally I run 5 miles a day in an hour's time. I am guessing I ran close to 10 miles today during my run. I've barely broken a mild sweat. I'm not winded at all so either I am having a good day or getting in better shape.
Amanda and Mom are in the car waving to me to get in the back seat. Mom hands me a cold bottled water and a towel to wipe off with. I open the back door to get in behind Mom who is driving. It's lunch time so we head to Tamolly's.
Tamolly's is the best Mexican restaurant in town. I got the lunch special as it's enchiladas with refried beans and rice. We start with chips and salsa as an appetizer. Both mom and Amanda get a taco salad served in a pita bowl. Mom starts a new conversation by saying, "Ronnie called and asked if I had time to come to his office this afternoon."
"I will call him after lunch." Amanda handed me my phone and said to call him now.
"Ronnie, this is Memphis, do you have time so I can come by your office later today? Yes, I can be there at 2." We finished lunch with small talk, mostly about Amanda and her dancing on the dance team.
Thankfully there are no questions from Mom about us, our short relationship, or if we have discussed anything else. Mom drops me off at Ronnie's office. Amanda asks if she can join me at Ronnie's law office. My curiosity is up with her question. We arrive 10 minutes early and hop out of the car in front of his office.
His secretary waves us into the conference room. May I get you a coffee or some water? We each receive bottled water from his secretary. Ronnie comes in a few minutes later and sits across the table from us. He has 2 folders with my name on them. He pulls out the first one which has the will and the 2 power of attorney forms.
"Since both of you are here, Memphis do I have your permission to discuss this with both of you at the same time since this is private information for the client only?"
"You can discuss anything you want to bring up in front of her as I will not keep anything from her."
"This makes it simpler to get done today," he replies. "The power of attorney form lists specific examples of when Amanda would be allowed to use the POA such as if you're medically unable to represent yourself, you're out of the country on assignment, or at worst case deceased."
"The first one in her maiden name is invalidated if and/or when she gets married. Then the other one takes over at that time. Do you have any questions for me or Amanda?"
I verbally say, "I have no questions as I trust Amanda." Ronnie turns to her to ask her if she accepts this position.
"I do accept the position of Memphis's POA." She turns to me smiling saying "I like those words "I DO"." I haven't even asked her yet to marry me and she is already wanting to accept.
Ronnie pulls out the next folder. He pulls out the will I have asked him to fill out for me naming Amanda as the sole beneficiary of everything. "Memphis, have you and Amanda discussed this next document?"
I respond by saying "I am aware that it will be needed sooner than later."
"Honestly, I need you to discuss this with both of us. I do not have any idea what will need to be in the prenup." I think that I have taken Amanda by surprise as she sits there quietly.
"Memphis, before we start discussing this, I want to tell you the attorneys for Amanda's trust have given me a first draft of what they have ready for both of you to sign."
"Most of it is already filled in except for a list of your current assets, name, etc... All that needs to be edited is your name, things like checking accounts, and anything that you own personally before you get married. Once you both turn 25, the prenuptial agreement will be voided. The terms of Amanda's trust fund are all spelled out in an agreement that has been in place for 16 years already. The terms per her trust fund bylaws are non-negotiable."
"Give me the highlights of the terms," I replied.
"Amanda as a single woman receives $10,000 per month, her college tuition is paid in full if she maintains a 2.5 or better GPA, her car payments and upkeep as well as her auto insurance, and her health insurance is paid. On her 25th birthday, she will receive the balance of her trust fund without any oversight."
"When she gets married, the monthly allowance doubles to $20,000 per month, her college tuition is paid if she maintains a 2.5 or better GPA, her car payments and upkeep, as well as her auto insurance, and her health insurance, is paid. The stipulations will include you by name in all the stipulations above. The added expense allowed is for a home to be built on land that the trust already controls for Amanda. The land is one parcel of land having 1,022 acres of land. On that land, a home and any added structures can be built that will pass local ordinances and building codes. Until both husband and wife's 25th birthday, the land, home, and any building(s) on said land will be the sole possession of Amanda in case of divorce."
"Any joint funds from the husband's income as well as the monthly stipend from the trust fund are equal assets in case of divorce. Do either of you have any questions? I am making an educated guess that there is a reason you have asked me to check into this that you are considering getting married."
I confirm his guess that I plan for us to get married soon. "Are you considering what the prenup means if you get married to Amanda and then get divorced?"
"I am and I think I want to get this done sooner than later. Can you have this ready to be done so that both Amanda and I can sign the prenup in the morning if the trust fund attorneys are here in the office to agree and file the paperwork? I know that if this passes their approval, provided they can make the arrangements to be here in the office in the morning."
Ronnie said, "I am unable to speak to the other attorneys if they can be here tomorrow but if everything goes well it could happen tomorrow here in my office."
Amanda pulls out her phone, scrolls down and hits enter. "Hello, this is Amanda Walton. I would like to speak to Jim Turner about my trust fund. Yes, I can hold for a minute. Hello Jim, this is Amanda Walton. Yes, my mother and father are doing well, thank you for asking. The blank trust fund prenup form, I need it updated with the name of Michael Earl Miller. Your firm has been in touch with Michael's law firm here in Jonesboro. I need you to make the arrangements to be here in Jonesboro with whomever from your office that you need to get this done and filed tomorrow. I understand it's short notice, but we have verbally agreed to the stipulations of the prenup already prepared in advance."
"Also, while you and your firm are here, I want to hire your firm to witness and maintain a power of attorney for Michael Earl Miller in my name. He has named me his power of attorney. Fill out 2 sets of paperwork, first with my maiden name and the other with my future married name of Walton-Miller. Can you get this done by 11 AM tomorrow?"
I told Ronnie to make 1 additional change to the prenup form. "Change my age to 30 before I am eligible to share in her trust fund. I am not pursuing Amanda for her money or trust fund. This is for love, not money."
"As your lawyer representing you alone, this is not in your best interest."
"Uncle Ronnie, this is not for money, this is for love."
"I will contact the other lawyer and propose the change," said Ronnie.
I pulled out my phone to text Mother to come pick us up. Her quick reply was she just pulled into the parking lot next door. We shook Ronnie's hand and told him we would be there in the morning at 11 to sign everything. "Make sure both POA's paperwork is ready as well."
"I will see to that myself. See you in the morning."
We walked out to the parking lot to join my mother who asked if there was anything else we wanted to do today. "Would you take us home please," I asked.
At home, we change into our bathing suits to go out by the pool. I fixed us a strong pitcher of margaritas to take out. Mom comes out in a 1-piece suit with boy shorts as a cover-up. Amanda comes out in a risqu bikini that shows a lot of ass cheeks just walking out to the chairs by the pool. I am glad I am already in the water for a little coverage as just looking at her swaying ass has put lead in my pencil this afternoon.
The 2 ladies are chit-chatting while I decide to swim laps in hopes I lose the lead out of my pencil. 20 minutes of swimming in the cooler water has done the trick so I will not embarrass myself getting out of the pool. As I am walking up, Amanda stretches out on a lounger laying on her stomach.
She hands me a bottle of suntan lotion while untying her string bikini top laying her top strings off her body.
"Memphis, would you be so kind as to put oil on my back, so I don't burn in the sun?" Any other time I would have been very happy to rub her body from head to toe, but my mother is giving me the side eye like I know what you want to do. I keep the body lotion rub to PG levels. I take a seat in the shade next to my mother.
"Son, I know you wanted to take liberties just now, but I am proud of you for not flaunting it in from of me." She asked me about this afternoon's meeting at Ronnie's law office.
"Mom, I want to wait till tonight to talk to you and Dad at the same time when he gets home after work."
"This sounds serious son. Does this have anything to do with going to Ronnie's law firm?"
"It does but I want to talk to both of you at the same time."
She lets it go as I do not budge with any other information. I do not want to play favorites between my parents. Amanda rolled over holding her top trying to hold it with one hand and put on lotion with the other. "Memphis, I am going into the house. Get over there and oil her down before she flashes everyone in the neighborhood. The 2 of you have about 30 minutes till you both need to be decent. If you're both in the hot tub, you're hidden from the house by the view of the pool house."
After I hear the door shut behind her, I walk over to Amanda, pick her up, and carry her to the hot tub, stepping over the side and sitting in the corner. Amanda straddles me facing me. We start with locking lips followed by our tongues wrestling for control of the other. I pull her hands and bikini top off her breasts. I reach out to gently massage her fantastic breasts. Just like in California when I first saw her naked, she does not have a tan line. I have to say that I prefer no tan lines on either her titties or down below.
Amanda raises up straighter giving me easier access to her nipple to suck on. She is getting so revved up that her breathing Is so much faster causing her chest to heave up and down. With my right hand, I untie the string on the left side to her bottom and she unties the right side as she raises up to pull the bikini bottom off out the back through her ass crack. She is stroking my cock underwater getting me hot and bothered too.
I can tell that every time we make out, we are getting more and more in sync with the other's body. If it's this good already, what will it be like when we are married for a few years? I can only hope it keeps getting better and better as we grow old together. I ask her if she can keep quiet if we have sex outside here in the hot tub.
She holds up her bikini bottom and puts it in her mouth, turns around, and bends over the side of the hot tub shaking her tiny ass side to side inviting me to take what I want right here. She lined up the head of my penis with her vagina as she is slowly pushing back onto me causing some water to slosh out of the tub. The waves of water in the hot tub have not slowed down our sex as she is soaking wet from her arousal. She is rocking back into me as I find a nice rhythm for both of us.
My hands are wrapped around her hips allowing me to drive my cock in and out of her love canal. I finger her clit as I continue making love to her as I feel the cum rising from my balls as it's about to explode. I double my efforts on her clit as I want her to have every orgasm she deserves. I feel her muscles spasm as I shoot wad after wad inside her.
I grab my towel to wipe both of us off to clean up before we get dressed. I wonder how long it's been since Mother went inside but within seconds of her putting her top on, I hear the sliding door open with Mom and Dad discussing his day at work. I look at Amanda smiling as she says, "We timed that just right."
We used almost every available second without getting caught. We have just enough time to relax next to each other before I hear Dad calling out to us. Son, Amanda, are you still in the hot tub? At least he doesn't embarrass me by asking if we are presentable or busy. When compared to Amanda's family, my parents are upper middle class.
I wonder if Mom has said anything to him about making sure he didn't walk up and catch us in the act doing something that might embarrass us. Why don't the 2 of you go clean up before we eat? After dinner, we can all sit down and have a nice long talk.
After dinner, we all helped to clean the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher. Mom and Dad seem to be putting off the talk until I finally tell them to sit at the table. Mom and Dad take one side, Amanda and I take the other side. I decide to get straight to the point and ask what they want to talk about.
Finally, Dad starts the conversation by asking what our plans are. I try to make a joke by saying we are meeting friends later tonight. Dad looks at me as he says, "Be serious. Your mother and I want to know, is Amanda pregnant? Is this the reason you're in such a rush to move in together after such a short time of getting to know each other?"
I raise my hand to cut him off before he keeps going on as he looks uncomfortable while looking from me to Amanda to my mother. I look at Amanda and ask if I can tell the full story. She looks at me like I am about to spill the secret of her and her gift of "visions". She nods her head, yes, I can talk to them. I start with the story of the day at the beach, of how I first saw her and pulled her out of the rip tide. Next, I talk about Friday at the CO's office, spending the first weekend with her in San Diego, the phone calls and video chats (less the video sex shows), meeting her parents, her father's relationship with Sam Walton, her parent's relationship to the Wal Mart company, the discussion about the trust fund, the prenup and finish up the talk with the will and POA that Uncle Ronnie will be preparing for me.
I go on to tell them we are in love. I tell them we have already talked about marriage, and not having kids until Amanda has graduated College. I look Mom and Dad in the eyes as I tell them this is for love and not money. I think they understand as Mom and Dad both get-up and circle the table to hug Amanda.
Mom tells Amanda welcome to our family. Mom asks Amanda to forgive her as she thought that Amanda was after me for their money and the future inheritance. Dad tells me we still have time to meet my friends tonight.
We meet George and Roberta for a quiet night at their apartment at 8. Tonight is the first night that Amanda has known anyone in Jonesboro other than me, so we give the 2 girls a lot of space to chat about old times. George and I grab a cold beer and turn on a St Louis Cardinals vs San Diego Padres baseball game already started in the 3rd inning. The doorbell rings, and George answers it letting Dennis come in. He has brought Madison, a former girlfriend of mine from high school to his apartment.
Dennis never said a word at lunchtime about him and Madison dating. I broke up with Madison when I joined the Navy. Madison was not happy with me tonight. I just didn't feel we could remain together as I had no idea where I would be assigned. Madison never had any worldly plans to leave NE Arkansas. All her family lives within 50 miles of Jonesboro.
I can't say I blame her for not wanting to leave her family for parts unknown. Amanda and Roberta see her for the first time as she comes into the living room I give her a hug. I see Amanda giving me the side eye watching us hug. Madison shows me the ring on her left hand as she tells me that she and Dennis are engaged. I can feel the sexual tension in the room building quickly as Amanda walks over for me to introduce her.
Like 2 fighters in a boxing ring, they circle each other like a lioness stalking prey. Later that night as the drinks are flowing, a twister game is brought out. The 3 guys decide not to play. I may be tall and have long limbs, but I am not that flexible, so I decided to be the caller. Dennis and George are too drunk to play as they can barely stand up straight. Roberta slips and falls after playing for about 10 minutes, so she is eliminated. Amanda is twisted into a knot. Madison is wearing skintight black leggings with a Razorback tank top. Her cleavage is on display as she twists and turns.
All 3 of us guys are watching both go from color to color easily. Amanda has managed to get back into a better position as Madison has now become the one in a twisted-up mess. The next spin of the spinner is the right foot red. The only way Amanda can reach her right foot red is by rubbing her body up next to Madison's behind. The following spin is left-hand blue. This time the only way for Madison to reach the color is if she puts her face against Amanda's chest to reach the circle. This is getting good as they are in close contact with each other's bodies. Right-hand green brings Amanda's face next to Madison's cleavage.
I see Amanda blowing on Madison's breasts causing her to break out in goosebumps. The tension is rising quickly in the room. 2 spins later, Madison has her lips in contact with Amanda's right breast. I can make out the outline of Amanda's nipples now. I hope this ends well for everyone tonight as both girls are on a mission to win. I get Dennis's attention as I ask him to help me end this game before anyone gets mad. The girls have no intention of letting the other win.
Luckily the next roll both girls' trip and fall as I declare it a tie. Both want to play again but I tell them that it's time for us to leave. George and Roberta walk out with both couples. George showed me his bike again.
I see Amanda's eyes light up as I ask her if she has any interest in riding on a Harley. If the way she was on the ATV is any sign, I can see her either having her own motorcycle or us riding together as she would look fantastic in black leather sitting behind me.
Amanda surprises me as she swings a leg over the bike sitting on the back first and then sliding forward to where the rider would normally be sitting. Roberta and Amanda talk off to the side before we all go our separate ways. At my parents' house that night Amanda asked me if I had ever ridden a motorcycle before.
I told her my parents got me an electric bike, so I could use it to get around town before I was 16 as you don't have to have a driver's license for one of those. On my 16th birthday, they got me a Yamaha motorcycle that I traded in on my truck when I joined the Navy. Amanda asked me what I thought about seeing Madison again tonight. Unsure if it's jealousy or what it is between them, but I respond honestly that the past is the past and she was my future. I remind her that Madison was before she ever came into my life while I tell her that she has nothing to worry about with me cheating on her with another woman.
Please rate my story and leave me a comment. Stay tuned for more chapters in the story of Memphis and Amanda.