The following weekend was another scorcher and they agreed that the best place to spend it was beside the sea, they'd head for their favourite beach at Holcham Bay. Julie put on the thin summer dress that she'd worn to the woods and, nothing else! After all, it was a nudist beach they were going to! Simon wore a pair of baggy (easy to remove) three quarter length cargo trousers, a cotton short-sleeve shirt, and a pair of sandals. They packed the car, only taking the absolute essentials: a large beach blanket, towels, sun oil, and water.
"That'll do, we'll stop for a bite to eat on the way" suggested Simon.
"That would be nice, I know of a nice pub near Sandringham," offered Julie. "Maybe we'll bump into Queeny!" she joked.
They set off and, at about midday, reached the pub Julie had mentioned. As they got out of the air-conditioned car, the heat of the sun was quite a shock, and they were pleased to enter the relative cool of the pub lounge. It was quite busy already, but they managed to find a space at the bar and one high stool. Simon pulled the stool out slightly and offered it to Julie, and she climbed up onto the high seat. He stood facing her, leaning on the bar and asked her what she'd like to drink.
"A white wine spritzer would go down well," she said, then leaned towards his ear and whispered, "Not as well as you going down, mind!"
"Cheeky!" he replied with a smile, and, turning towards the bar, ordered her drink and a cold glass of cider.
While he was waiting for the drinks, Julie looked around the bar. There were families at the far end, but in their part, it was mostly couples or groups. Across the bar, sat at a small table, were a group of four lads - early twenties she guessed - who were busily talking about yesterdays football. All of them, except for one, were facing away from her, but she couldn't help notice that the fourth one was facing directly at her and appeared to be taking more notice of her than his mates! She caught him looking straight at her, and she immediately felt her cheeks blush. She tried to look away, but noticed that the cocky sod held his stare, and she found herself giving him a slight smile. He smiled back but then noticed that Simon had been served, and partly turned towards his colleagues.
"You look a bit hot, gorgeous," Simon queried.
"Yes, a bit" she replied. She wasn't lying, just not telling the whole truth, she convinced herself!
She sipped at her drink, its coolness being very refreshing and she forgot about the bloke. Unfortunately, the glass was very wet with condensation, and not realising it, some of the water dripped off the glass and landed, with absolute precision, on her right nipple! She let out a tiny yelp and raised her right arm to cover her breast and take away the shock of the cold. The shock didn't last long but, as she lowered her arm, she realised that the wet material was now sticking to her breast. She glanced down and saw an erect nipple pushing against the wet patch and the dark circle around it becoming pretty obvious.
"Now that's not what I expected in a country pub, a wet dress competition!" joked Simon, "But I'm not complaining! Don't cover it up, darling, you look great!"
She did as he asked, but then noticed that her distant admirer was also looking at her, his eyes transfixed on her almost exposed nipple. She wanted to cover up, but that would have made her embarrassment even more obvious, so she decided to brazen it out. "What harm can it do?" she thought to herself, in another hour I'll be showing a darn sight more than that to the world!"
She sat up and proudly jutted her chest towards Simon, making the material even tighter across her breasts and revelling in the fact that the complete stranger couldn't take his eyes off her.
She carried on chatting to Simon, still aware of the additional attention she was getting, and then a very naughty thought entered her head. "No, I can't!" she argued with herself, but non-the-less, found herself swivelling slowly until her knees were pointing directly at the guy.
The dress came to just above her knees, but sitting on the stool had meant that it was higher than that at the moment and, being knickerless, she'd had to keep her knees together to avoid exposing her naked sex. That was about to change!
Slowly, she parted her knees, only an inch or two, but enough to sense the cool air on her inner thighs. She glanced around, while still talking to Simon, but could see only one person looking her way, and he hadn't stopped since the water incident. He smiled again at her, but she made as if she hadn't noticed him. She then casually lowered her right leg to the side of the stool and dangled it there. This had the effect of making her dress ride up even more, not exposing her directly but meaning that, from where the guy was sitting, he was looking directly at her pink, luscious lips - now it was his turn to blush! He initially dropped his gaze, but when he realised that Julie hadn't moved, he was compelled to look back, savouring the view.
Julie stayed like that for two or three minutes, occasionally glancing in his direction with a girlish smirk on her face, and then turning back to Simon to give him her full attention. Several times, she lovingly ran a hand down Simon's face or chest, fully aware of the attention she was receiving from the other side of the bar. She glanced across one more time, gave a pleasant smile, and then hopped off the stool to stand close up against Simon. She placed her empty glass on the bar, and then very affectionately, gave Simon a loving kiss.
"That was nice, what prompted that?" asked Simon.
"I'll tell you later," she replied with a smile.
Simon finished off his drink, and then led the way out of the pub.
As Julie past the lad, she momentarily stopped, leaned towards him and asked, "Enjoy the show?"
"You bet, lady!" he replied.
"Good" she replied, "Now I'm going to go and make love to my husband!" With that, she smiled and caught up with Simon at the door.
They got back into the car, Julie still buzzing from the thrill of her antics; she couldn't help smiling. Simon noticed this and asked her what was amusing her so much, so she confessed all to him.
"You little hussy, you!" Simon chastened her, but with a smile on his face. "Can't take my eyes off you in public for a second, can I!"
Julie feigned remorse, lowering her head and sticking her bottom lip out, but then broke into a broad smile.
Half an hour later, they arrived at the car park for Holcham Bay. It was busy, as usual, but they managed to find a space, took the bag with their beach stuff in, and set off down the path towards the sea. It was quite a stroll to the area of beach set aside for those that loved the freedom of wearing no clothes, but it was always worth it. A deep line of sand dunes ran along the back of the wide beach and, once they were well into the marked out naturist area, they climbed up the bank of sand.
They found a convenient circle of sand, surrounded by tall grasses and placed the blanket in the middle. Without bothering to look around, Julie lifted her dress up and over her head, and then stood there, naked in all her glory. Simon wasn't far behind her, discarding his clothes onto the ground. Then, stepping across the blanket to reach her, he pulled her into him and gave her a hard, lingering kiss. When he finished, he gave her a playful smack on the bottom.
"That's for being a naughty girl!"
"I promise I'll make up for it," she said as she gave his semi-rigid cock a stroke.
Simon reached down for the sun oil; he'd brought oil because he always thought it was more fun to put on, and loved the way Julie's body glistened after he'd finished. He squirted an ample amount onto Julie's back and then spread it evenly, down to her bum cheeks. He applied more to those cheeks, massaging them with his now slippery hands, and then down the backs of both legs.
After turning her around to face him, he placed the neck of the bottle over her left breast and slowly squeezed. A thin stream of oil trickled down towards the nipple where it split into two, flowing around the proud, erect protrusion. He waited until the oil reached her tummy and then began to rub it in, starting from there and working up towards where it had started from, paying special attention to the soft skin of her breast, and then repeating the action with the other side.
He then poured more oil onto her tummy and allowed it to flow down both legs before, again, working up from her ankles. When he reached the top of her legs, he went either side of her slit, smoothing his hands over her hips and avoiding any contact with her outer lips. Then, finally, he poured a small amount into the little triangle of hair and, as he spread the oil, the hairs twinkled in the sun. Julie spread her legs slightly so that Simon could complete his task, and he obligingly ran his fingers around and over her lips, spending more time than was actually needed, but enjoying every moment - as was Julie!
Julie took the bottle from Simon, placed a hand on his shoulder, and turned him so that his back faced her. She poured the, now hot, oil onto his shoulders and smoothed it all over his back and arms. She then pushed his shoulders to make him lean forward so that she could do his lower back. More oil was poured and it trickled down over and between his buttocks. She eagerly spread it over his taught bottom, feeling him tense them even more. She slid a hand between his legs and prised them open, then slid the hand upwards and into his crease. She rubbed the oil into the skin beneath the base of his penis, and then circled a finger around his anus and, with a slight push, actually slightly inside him. She wiggled it there for a few moments, and then extracted it so that she could finish oiling his legs.
When she'd finished, they looked at each other and studied their handiwork, both of them glistening from top to bottom (literally!) in the summer sun.
Simon lay down on the blanket, and looked up at Julie, standing to the side of him; he was so proud to be seen with her, he just loved everything about her.
He ushered her to join him and, as she lay down beside him, he took her in his arms said, "I love you so much!" and kissed her hard on the lips.
They spent an age like this, kissing and softly running their hands over each other's slippery skin, but not touching Simon's erect penis, or Julie's gaping sex lips. However, soon they'd reached the point when they could no longer fight their lust for each other, and Julie took hold of his shaft and said, "Come on, I want this inside of me - now!"
He went to role on top of her, but she stopped him and climbed on top herself. She sat on his upper thighs and took hold of his penis again, rubbing the oil that was on her hands up and down it. His foreskin rolled back easily and she pulled it down as far as it could go without causing him pain. Holding it there, she wriggled forward so that her vagina was directly over it and then, placing the tip inside her lips, sat down. She stayed there, perfectly still, marvelling at the amazing design of their respective sex organs and the pleasure that they got from them.
She was thinking just how good a fit he and she were and, at the same time, idly looking around at the surrounding dunes, when she suddenly realised that they were not alone; sat on a dune, not more than thirty feet away, was the cocky sod from the pub! He appeared to be well settled and Julie guessed that he must have arrived while they were cuddling on the blanket. She could see that his upper torso was naked, his well toned muscles of his chest and stomach rippling in the sun. She felt Simon twitch inside her and she looked down at him and smiled.
"What you seen?" he asked.
"You'll never believe it," she said, nodding in the general direction of the voyeur. "That guy from the pub is sat just over there, watching us."
"Is he indeed, you must have made quite an impression! Ignore him, if he wants to watch, let him!"
"And you call me an exhibitionist!" she said, laughing at Simon. "But hell, why not!"
She started to rock up and down his shaft, enjoying the feeling of it filling her up and rubbing against her clitoris. She clawed at Simon's chest and, noticing that his eyes were tight shut, couldn't resist glancing back at her, not so secret, admirer.
He was still there, but now he was kneeling up and she saw that he was completely naked, his large, fat, engorged penis standing upright in front of him. She caught his gaze, but he made no attempt to cover up, brazenly placing a hand around the base of his shaft and pulling at his foreskin. She couldn't look away, fascinated that she was affecting another man in this way. She kept riding Simon, fondling her breasts with her left hand and rubbing her clitoris with her other.
The stranger was now pumping his shaft and, even from a distance, she could see the large vein bulging on the underside. She realised just how big the beast was - at least twelve inches! Yes, indeed, he really was a cocky sod!
She started imagining her hand on it instead of his, not being able to wrap her fingers around it, pumping up and down. In her mind, she could see the giant truncheon entering her, feel it splitting her apart, pushing against her insides.
She was now gathering pace rocking and grinding on Simon's own, well-endowed baton, but unable to remove her gaze from the other as he rubbed his thumb over the tip and then yanked the skin back with a force that nearly made her wince, the large, bulbous head standing as if the head of giant snake about to strike.
She could see that he was about to cum, his pace getting ever quicker and his back arching, making his cock look even bigger, if that was possible! She rubbed her clitoris harder and faster, almost in time with him, and could feel Simon grinding into her and having the telltale twitches that meant he wasn't far off either.
The guy was still looking directly at Julie, and she was still transfixed on his enormous member as, with one final long thrust, he spurted his load into the air. She was amazed at how much and how far it went, as he continued to pump until, finally, he sat back still holding his shaft and still gazing at Julie.
Then it was her turn as her orgasm took hold of her, making her buck and grind on Simon while giving out a very audible sigh, which in turn, made Simon gush inside her. She lent forward and lovingly kissed Simon, crushing her breasts into his chest. When she'd finally recovered, she sat up, Simon still inside her, and glanced across to where her audience had been, but he had gone.
Simon glanced up and, noticing Julie looking around asked, "So, do you think he enjoyed the show?"
"By the way he reacted; I'd say that's a definite yes!"