Before I had even left the bed for the morning I had cum twice. I knew today wasn't going to be your typical day already, not that any day this week had been ordinary. My day began with two orgasms and a shower, the shower was necessary because my orgasms seemed to be getting wetter and wetter. Not that I minded, it was kind of fun to get all messy but it did require more cleanup effort.
I put on a robe and went outside to get my new short skirt off the line. I should have done it last night and I knew that everything would be a little bit damp from the night air but being the height of summer, I knew it wouldn't be too bad and it would dry on me quite quickly. Living on one of the hottest, driest continents occasionally had its perks.
I decided to take a big chance today. I had already tested the waters and now I was dipping my toes in so to speak. I was going to wear my new short skirt, but I was not going to wear any panties at all. I knew I was taking a huge risk but it was time to show Stefan what I'm sure he wants to see and what I very much want to show him. I did have a contingency plan of course. If I chickened out I could put on the G-string I had tucked in my bag.
I put on my outfit and admired again how it looked on me. I stood before the mirror and bent and stretched the way I had the last few mornings and I was still pretty sure no one would see anything unless I wanted them to. It was so exciting though to be doing this. It was exciting yesterday with a longer skirt on but this was even more so.
I didn't believe there was any way I was going to flash someone by mistake wearing this, but you just never know what could happen. Even sitting down, unless I moved to the edge of the seat, spread my legs open a bit and maybe slipped the hem of my skirt up as well, no one would see anything. That wasn't what I wanted though. I wanted people to see and after the thrill I got last night letting that young man see absolutely everything I had to offer, I wanted more. I want people to lust after me and my wanton sexuality, wanted them to want to fuck me, taste me and cover me with their cum. I want to be wanted. I need to be fucked like the dirty slut I was becoming. Just thinking like that was making me wet and excited again. It was almost becoming a permanent state of affairs lately.
Something big was going to happen soon, I could feel it in my bones, I don't know what, where, when or with whom, but I just knew something was going to happen.
I took a deep breath of anticipation just before I opened the front door. I stepped outside and looked around while my heart pounded in my chest. It was almost like I expected people to notice the moment I stepped out the door and I couldn't say if I was relieved or disappointed that there was nobody around. After locking my front door, I walked down the path then turned onto the street, headed towards the train station. Once again, I could feel the breeze on my thighs, my bare ass and my naked pussy. I know I could feel the breeze between my legs anytime I wear a skirt but this was different. Now it was tickling the remaining hair I had left on my pussy. It caressed my moist lips gently and my pussy, no longer restrained by panties, seemed to have more freedom to move. My thighs made my lips slide against each other in the most exciting way, lubricated by my cum. By the time I got to the train station I was far more turned on than I had expected to be. Who would have thought that just a small walk would put me in such a high state of arousal?
I walked onto the platform and looked around but my fellow traveller was nowhere to be seen. I found myself feeling a little disappointed. After last night I was looking forward to teasing him some more. The train pulled up and after another glance around I got on. I found my usual spot and sat down. The doors slid closed and I had another glance up and down the carriage for him. I half expected to see him come into the carriage with a red face and panting as though he had been running late but he was nowhere to be seen. I found myself a little bemused at my irritation that he hadn't shown up.
A few minutes after the train left, I found myself looking around again as though I had forgotten how to just be a commuter. I looked down the length of the train again and toward the back of the train, but nothing. I turned to look back towards the front of the train and the sound of the connecting door opening grabbed my attention. It slid open and there he was, stepping into the carriage, looking just as red faced as I had imagined. I smiled as our eyes met and I knew that he had come looking for me.
Although we both smiled at each other in greeting, neither of us said a word. He took the seat opposite me and for a moment he too looked confused as though he had also forgotten how to just be a commuter or perhaps, he was waiting for some cue from me to let him know how to behave.
The game began again as I started to do the same thing I had done for the last two days and began a slow reveal. I looked around without being too obvious about it, looking over the top of my book that I had once again retrieved from my bag. I felt the breeze increase around my pussy as my thighs began to part and I was getting more excited by the minute. I realised just how desperately I wanted to show off, how I wanted people to be aroused looking at me. I want them to want to fuck me, feel me, taste me. I remembered him grinding his cock into my ass yesterday and wondered if he would lose all self-control and just fuck me here and now. I doubt whether I would have the ability to say no or even if I would want to stop him.
I still had that ingrained nervousness though and I doubted that it would ever go away. I kind of hoped it wouldn't because it would take with it a large amount of the thrill. The risk is the thrill in a lot of ways but I don't really want to get arrested. The train is moving steadily along between stations now and the few people who have boarded our carriage are now seated. When I boarded the train there were fewer people in this carriage and that increased my confidence as I slowly parted my legs a little more. Even though this is my shortest skirt, it's still not a mini skirt and due to the length of it, I can tell he still can't see what I want him to see. I'm starting to get a little frustrated because I want him to see and react to my naked pussy. Short of standing up and rubbing his face in it, which was tempting, I wasn't exactly sure how. Eventually, after a glance around, I lifted my right ankle onto my left knee.
This had the desired effect and more. His eyes bulged almost comically as he was confronted with my completely uncovered and freshly landscaped pussy. I felt another twinge inside and an electric thrill ran through my entire body at his response. My nipples hardened and I had to fight the desire to just finger myself right there. I felt a fresh surge of moisture as my pussy contracted. Once again, I was on the verge of an orgasm without even touching myself. My breathing had become rapid and heavy and I could feel the heat emanating from my face.
It was an almost slow-motion event because my mind seemed to be running at a thousand miles an hour. His eyes were glued to my pussy and it was such a turn-on that I desperately wanted to be fucked. I felt my pussy, ever so slowly begin to expand. My lips and clit were becoming engorged and I felt myself opening up to him. I knew the moment it happened because I felt a slight cool breeze touch me inside where I was especially wet. I knew I was gaping open for him, that he could see inside me. It was a surreal and intimate thing to allow someone to see me in such a way, yet this man was a total stranger. Only my doctor and a couple of my past lovers had seen me in such a way, all of this just turned me on even more. I could feel my heart thudding in my chest and now my breathing had become rapid and shallow. I was tingling all over and I was closer now to an orgasm without actual physical stimulation than I had ever been.
The pretence of reading had been given up on and I stared openly at the man who was staring at my pussy. I kept going from his wide eyes and open mouth down to his crotch where his cock was straining visibly against the material of his pants. Maybe it was just my over-active imagination but I was sure I could see it throbbing. I wanted him to take it out so I could move over there and sit astride it. I wanted to feel it separate my lips even more and fill me up. I wanted to feel him swelling inside me the way I felt him swelling against my ass last night and I wanted to feel his cum burst into my unprotected pussy until it leaked out of me.
The train lurched as it began to slow for the next station and it shook me out of my fantasy enough to bring me back to reality. I realised that this was my stop and I needed to get off (in so many ways). I shook my head as though shaking off water to try and clear my hormone-addled mind. I shoved my book into the bag and made sure I had everything I needed. I reluctantly put my foot back on the floor and stood up, covering the view from his transfixed stare. Standing up I could feel just how wet I had become.
Just as the doors began to open, I looked back at him. He was red in the face and still looking stunned and it made me smile to think I had given this stranger such a thrill. He looked up at me and I smiled, winked and walked off the train. I wanted him to know that it wasn't an accident, that he wasn't just getting a sneaky peek but that I was showing him. That I wanted him to see my pussy, to want me, to want to taste me, feel me, be inside me.
I took several steps away from the train and had to stop and lean against a pole. I shivered momentarily as a small but exciting orgasm trembled through me. Here I was, standing on a train platform, surrounded by people I didn't know and I was coming in my pants... well, definitely not in my pants but you get the drift. Once the shivers subsided and I trusted my feet again I strode off towards work, albeit with a small wobble in my step.
Less than a block away and I knew I was going to have an issue. I was so wet that my pussy was leaking and I could feel my thighs slipping past each other, lubricated by my cum with every step I took. By the time I reached my building, I could feel it running down the inside of my thigh. I was feeling torn because I didn't want any of the people who worked here to notice but the thought of someone seeing cum running down my thighs was turning me on even more. I couldn't help but wonder if anyone could detect the scent that I could smell coming from my crotch.
By some miracle, I made it across the lobby and into the elevator without causing a stir. When I walked into my office my usual routine went straight out the window, I went directly into the bathroom to deal with the worsening situation. There was no way I could get through the morning without taking care of the sticky, horny mess that I had become.
I hiked my skirt up and over my hips, sat down and shoved my hand straight into my crotch. I was astounded at how wet I was and how easily my finger slipped inside my pussy. I pushed a second finger in and began a circular motion with my palm pressing against my clit. My orgasm, which seemed so imminent when I sat down seemed to change as though skipping the climax and ratcheting up to a new level altogether. I wished I was naked so I could play with my breasts as well but this was neither the time nor the place.
My pussy was making all kinds of obscene slurping noises and cum was dripping off the back of my knuckles and down into the toilet. My thighs were tensed and my feet pressed hard against the tile floor, almost pushing my butt off the seat, as my orgasm rose and rose. I could no longer hear the wet sounds and if I was making any of the usual sounds I made as an orgasm approached, I was completely unaware of them as it reached an incredible crescendo. If Stefan was standing outside the bathroom, he would have had no doubt whatsoever what was going on.
I was now lost in my fantasy as my fingers simulated the stranger's cock pounding me in the train in front of passengers going to and from work. In the fantasy, there were eyes everywhere and they were all pointed at me. Some were shocked, some were appalled but many were smiling and enjoying the show as I rode a stranger's cock.
It felt so real that in my fantasy I felt him tense up and he began to cum deep inside me, but I kept riding until my own pleasure was found. I imagined these strangers watching my pussy get pounded and leaking both his and my cum all over my thighs, my ass and the floor. I came so hard that my ears were ringing and black spots were swimming before my eyes as I gasped like a fish out of water.
I looked down at my hand as I slid my fingers slowly out of my pussy. My cum was not just dripping but flowing from me, my hand was soaked to the wrist. I gave a small chuckle of bewilderment at what I had just done, then reluctantly began the cleanup process. I wiped my hand, my legs down to my calves, my pussy and my ass. I couldn't believe the sheer quantity of cum I had produced just this morning.
I have never had any issues getting wet in the past, although I knew that some women did, but I have never produced this much cum in just one go either. Hell, I don't think I have produced this much in a week before. It took me some time to get thoroughly cleaned up and I was grateful for the small pack of wet wipes I kept in my bag. I certainly didn't have this particular use in mind when putting them in there but I was glad they were there nonetheless.
I had to flush twice to get rid of all the paper. I straightened myself up as best I could before stepping out of the cubicle. I stood there for a moment looking at myself in the mirror, making sure there was nothing obvious about what I had just done, I was a bit rosy in the cheeks and there was some indefinable thing about my face that seemed to scream that I had just came but I couldn't put a finger on what it was. I hoped it was just me that could see it and Stefan wouldn't notice. Not that I disliked the idea of him knowing I had cum, in fact that was pretty exciting but I didn't want him to think that I couldn't even make it through my morning routine without it, regardless of how true that was right now. I washed my hands again before going to begin my day at work.
The one thing that crazy orgasm did was at least take the edge off my arousal for a little while. I went and sat at my desk and even managed to work productively for a couple of hours. Around ten thirty Stefan approached my desk and suddenly I had the desire to be very attentive to him. He was always pleasant to look at and though he was my boss and that should have been the sole consideration behind our relationship, there was something else there now. Yesterday had forced a change somehow.
I know my state of heightened arousal was a part of the reason I was more aware of him than usual and perhaps my enthusiastic display of extra thigh could be blamed for his extra attention towards me. Today though, there was something quite different. He seemed to be speaking in a slightly lower voice and looking at me with an intensity and a new sense of appreciation that was doing things to me, both physically and mentally. I felt like a giggling schoolgirl, and then that thought made me think of dressing up for him in a schoolgirl outfit and that did nothing at all to help lower my core temperature.
I was used to men looking at me, it was part of the deal of being female really. I could feel the looks every time I went out in public and generally I didn't mind, in fact, I quite like it unless it got creepy. I don't consider myself to be a particularly attractive woman, I'm not model material by any stretch of the imagination. I am definitely taller than average, as I have mentioned earlier, but I only have what I would call a regular build with C-cup breasts that due to good genetics and little else have stayed pretty pert. I had no outstanding features either good or bad, except maybe my butt, I am pretty pleased with how my butt looks and I do like my long dark hair. Some days I get quite critical about myself, as do most people, and on those days, I would consider myself to be quite plain but when I am feeling confident and perhaps dressed nicely, I do feel attractive, especially when I am getting the looks.
I can understand women getting upset if guys get creepy with it, but I also feel that some women think that any man that they don't find attractive looking at them is automatically creepy. They don't seem to understand that a lot of men are just not very good at being subtle. Men are very much visual creatures and if something catches their eye they will look until they get their fill. It's no more malicious than a child staring at a new toy or the way that some men will stare at a nice car. It's desire in its most pure form and there is rarely any bad intent.
The reality is that women look just as much as men do, they're just far more subtle about it. The women who complain about sleazy men looking at them are really saying stop being so creepy and obvious about it. We are a visual-based species and at our core, we are animals looking for a suitable mate. It's our very nature.
I am very much aware of these things and I am also very aware that "sexy" is far more about attitude than appearance. I have seen girls that by all the measures of society's standards should be considered hot but are so lacking in self-esteem that they dress down and their body language wards people off. Or women who are so aggressive about their perception of men's behaviour that any physical attractiveness they have is degraded by their attitude. I have also known girls who don't fit the conventional mould of attractiveness but are super confident and flaunt their sexuality. I have always thought, alongside all the staring, drooling men around them, that they were straight-up sexy as hell.
Up until the last few days or so, I had never considered myself to be bi-sexual, but after looking in the mirror the other night and getting a new perspective on the female form, I have begun to question that. I have always been attracted to men and I certainly like men far too much to be a lesbian, but that doesn't mean that I don't recognise when a woman is attractive and I certainly find some women to be very sexy.
I was becoming more aware that my attitude and confidence had lifted over the last few days. I can't even say why or what exactly triggered it, other than the overconfident purchase of the skirt I was wearing and that accidental flash on the train, but I liked the way it felt.
I like the feeling of confidence and it seems that Stefan does too. His eyes were on me in a way they never had been before. As though he was seeing me as a completely different person from who I had been before this week, as though I was a delicious meal that was laid out temptingly before him and he was barely able to restrain himself from diving in and eating to his heart's content. The way he looked at me made me feel delicious. It made me want to be eaten, devoured, and consumed. It wasn't a matter of being submissive, there is power in being so desired that people can't control themselves around you. I don't believe I could ever play the submissive role. I controlled my life, no one else, but damn there was a power in the way he was looking at me that made me want to hand over the reins for a while and let him control me in whatever way he saw fit.
Right at that moment he was looking at me with a slightly bemused, questioning look on his face, though, and it didn't seem to follow the train of thought that had been clattering through my mind. I looked back at him confused and realised he had asked me a question but I had been so deep into my reverie that I had completely missed it. I blushed as I realised that I must look like a simpering half-wit.
"I'm sorry. My mind was somewhere else entirely right then."
Yeah, it was laying back on your desk with my legs spread while you ate my pussy until your face was covered in my cum. I wished I could have said that out loud. It was, however, only in my imagination said that caused my pussy to clench and tingle.
Thankfully he just laughed, but then his eyes took another long slow tour of my body and lingered on my thighs. My body responded and I felt my thighs begin to separate as I went to give him a better view of what he so obviously wanted to see. I managed to stop them before they went too far but I certainly gave him a glimpse of a lot more thigh than I planned to yet. He subconsciously licked his lips and another tingle went through me as I imagined him licking my lips, both pairs.
"It must be the day for it, I have had the same problem all day."
He managed to tear his eyes away from my thighs and back to my eyes as he spoke. I could see the flame of desire burning in his eyes and his reaction when his eyes met mine. I did not doubt that he could see the same desire in mine. The sexual tension seemed to ratchet up a notch and the temperature in the room also seemed to go up.
"I.. I, ahh. I. I. I um. Shit. I've gotta go, I'll be back in a while. Ahh, you can hold
the fort down while I... Ahh while I'm out?"
I giggled as he stumbled over his words and struggled to keep his eyes on mine instead of letting them slide down over my body. I know I wasn't helping in that I kept letting my thighs part just enough to give him a glimpse of my inner thighs but not much else. I wanted to show him more though, knowing my pussy was naked and that just a slight shift of my chair would show him my most intimate parts, but I was still reluctant to risk my job. I felt so torn and frustrated. In one of the moments where his eyes were firmly fixed on my thighs I glanced down at his crotch and I could see his swollen cock, outlined by his form-fitting trousers. It was a battle I wanted to lose but I had to almost physically restrain myself from reaching out and taking it in my hand. I wanted to squeeze it and hear him moan as I felt his cock swell in my hand.
"Oh, God, I've really got to go."
He turned and walked out the door as fast as he could without actually running. I licked my lips as I watched his tight ass as he strode out of the room. It took a moment but I eventually snapped back to reality. It was then that I had that slightly sinking feeling that maybe I had pushed it too far and that there would be terrible consequences for my actions this time.
All the doubt in the world came crashing in. Had I read the whole situation wrong? Was he angry and flustered and that's why he stormed out the door? As time went on, I felt more and more certain that I had fucked up and I was in deep trouble. By the time Stefan returned about an hour later I had all but convinced myself that I needed to apologise to him. When he walked into the room, he was blushing but he seemed happy to see me nonetheless, which only left me feeling more confused than ever.
The afternoon dragged by but the longer it drew out with no word from Stefan the more I felt myself relax and feel a bit safer. Perhaps I had misread the whole thing. Finally, the never-ending afternoon began to draw to a close and just before the end of my shift Stefan called me into his office. Instantly the fear that had begun to abate came roaring back as I packed up my bag ready for the commute home. I trudged towards his office feeling nauseous with fear and dread, convinced I was about to lose my job. I took a deep breath, steadied myself and knocked on the door. Normally I would just knock and enter but my fear made me wait until he called out.
"Come in."
I closed the door behind myself, even though I was positive that no one was going to walk into the office, I didn't want anyone to hear me being rebuked. I looked over to Stefan and I was surprised to see him smiling. What's more, he was looking slightly sheepish and nervous himself. Before he could announce whatever doom I was in for though, I was determined to apologise and acknowledge my fault. I wanted to apologise, not just to try and save my job but because if I had misread the whole situation then my behaviour had been terrible.
"I, ahh."
"Come in and sit down."
It was a friendly invitation, not a command and it left me feeling even more confused. I walked over to the chair opposite him and sat down, very demurely and showing as little thigh as possible. I looked back at him and this time he had a little frown. I tried again.
"I, ah."
"I need to talk to you about something Sam, and it's... Well, this is not going to be an easy conversation for me."
Oh, fuck. Here it is.
"Look, I'm really sorry for..."
"Please, don't."
I looked up at him confused again.
"Please, don't talk for a moment. This is awkward enough and I need to get this out."
I waited in silence for a moment, feeling my face get redder by the second. He stood up from his chair and began pacing in front of that window with the great view but that particular view held nothing for him right at this moment.
"I could be hanging myself here so please be gentle on me if I am barking up the wrong tree. Today something happened that I'm not proud of and I'm not sure how much you noticed. I have been finding myself more and more distracted by... Well by you and your umm..."
He was blushing like crazy now and I knew exactly what he was distracted by but he had asked me not to speak so I was going to let him say what he had to say. I sat there as patiently as I could waiting for him but I couldn't help but feel a little smirk cross my face as I watched him struggle. A thought occurred to me then. If I can't say anything and he's going to fire my ass anyway I might as well make it worthwhile. I subtly slipped a little further forward in my chair, scooting my butt forward a bit but making sure there was enough pressure to make the material of my skirt stick to the material of the chair I was sitting on. His eyes widened as more of my thighs came slowly into view. He was stammering and not making a whole lot of sense as he tried to explain what he had found so distracting.
"You. Umm. Your, ahhh. Um."
My legs slowly began to separate and his eyes were fixed on my thighs as little by little, more of my inner thighs were revealed to him. Had he squatted down at this point he would have been able to see my bare, wet pussy. Instead, he stood there with his cock visibly hardening in front of me. In my mind, a fantasy began to play out. I wonder what he would do if I reached forward and pulled his fly down. Would he stop me? Would he put an end to it if I fished his cock out and began stroking it or took it into my mouth?
"Oh, God. You're distracting me with your delicious-looking thighs."
I gave an exaggerated look down as though surprised to see so much of my flesh on display. I was unable to prevent the smile that crossed my face though. He had called them delicious.
"I am so sorry. Shall I hide them away? Cover them up? Do they offend you?"
"Please, don't."
He whispered.
"Do you like seeing what's between them?"
It was like all sense of control had left him.
"I want to, yes."
He seemed almost hypnotised by them at this point. He simply couldn't take his eyes off them. I opened them a little more and slid further forward. Giving him the view we both wanted him to see. I could feel my pussy tingling as his eyes widened and scanned my pussy thoroughly.
"Oh, my God! Yes."
He was whispering.
"So you like me to show myself?"
"Yes."
His eyes never left my pussy and I could see his cock throbbing in his pants.
"Mmm, good. I like you looking."
He finally tore his eyes away from my pussy and looked into mine.
"Really?"
"Yes. I like people to look at me. I want people to want me."
"I want you."
"I want people to want to taste me, to touch me, to fantasise about fucking me. Did you fantasise about fucking me today?"
"Yes."
"Did you stroke your cock while you thought about fucking me?"
"I'm so sorry, but yes."
"Don't be sorry, did you cum for me?"
I could feel my pussy swelling and my juices were practically dripping out now.
"Oh, God. Yes. Yes, I did."
"Mmm, it's such a shame I didn't get to see that."
Suddenly the worst possible sound you could hear in a moment like this shrilled through the room. The insistent, passion-killing, sound of a phone ringing noisily. It was one of those stupid tones businesses use that just can't be ignored. It was like a spell had been broken. He turned to look at the phone and the displayed number. His shoulders slumped.
"I am so sorry, but I can't ignore this one."
I sat still and watched him as he walked around the desk and picked up the phone.
"Hello, Mamma. No, it's alright, I will be there soon."
I felt that the situation had cleared quite a bit and that my understanding of it was much better now. I felt more confident in teasing him and letting him know that I wanted him. We had reached make or break level now and I was going all in. My heart was pounding in my chest but I tried my best to look confident and sexy.
The room was very quiet and I could easily make out the sound of his mother as she started to talk to him and it quickly became obvious that this woman was not one for brief conversations. I looked up at the clock on the wall and a wave of mild panic and disappointment swept over me. I had missed my normal train home and what's more, I would have to hurry if I was going to catch the next one. The next one was the last one for the day and if I missed that one, I would be paying a king's ransom to catch a taxi all the way home. I stood up and quickly walked around the desk. I could still hear his mother talking at a hundred miles an hour in a thick Italian accent. I leaned in close to him and placed my lips right against his other ear.
"We will continue this conversation later, but in the mean-time, I want you to know that I want you too."
I kissed his ear and felt a shiver run through him, I then ran my fingertip across his top lip. I walked back around the desk and picked up my bag then watched as the realisation of what I had just done registered in his eyes. I winked at him as his eyes went wide and the tip of his tongue traced his lip where I had just touched him. I turned, lifted my skirt over my ass then strutted out of the room. I knew I was taking a huge risk walking out of his office with my ass and pussy bared but I was also pretty confident that no one would be in the entry. Besides, the risk was the thrill after all.
I closed the office door behind me and straightened my skirt. I made sure I had everything with me and then hurried out to the elevator. I was smiling to myself as I stood in the elevator and I couldn't resist sucking clean the finger that I had dipped into my pussy before wiping it across Stefan's lip. I fantasised about tasting my cum on his lips down to the lobby. When I stepped off the elevator I looked up at the large clock in the atrium and realised the situation was far more dire than I had thought.
I was feeling very frustrated, it was fun and quite erotic to edge so much, and there was definitely a perverse pleasure in teasing Stefan so much. The teasing I was doing to myself as a consequence just added fuel to the already roaring bonfire that was my libido. I was also frustrated that I had had to run out of there before anything else could happen. Granted, it was probably a smart move not to have done the things I wanted to do, but it was frustrating. Added to that was the fact that if I didn't
run now, and I mean literally run, I would miss the last train home and I wasn't sure there was enough money left in my account for an Uber or taxi to get me home.
I stopped long enough to slip my high-heeled work shoes off and shove them unceremoniously into my bag then I set out at a fast jog. It was becoming painfully obvious that the bra I was wearing was not a sports bra and this was one of those moments I was grateful that I'm not a particularly large-breasted woman but it was still bad enough. Between that and the hot concrete on my bare feet, I was beginning to suffer by the time I got to the station.
I ran down the stairs, trying not to knock an old lady flying in the process. I skipped and twirled my way through the turnstiles and out onto the platform. I came to a halt, momentarily afraid it had all been for nought and that I had missed the train anyway but then felt the familiar low rumble and the squeal from somewhere down the tunnel that signified the train was almost here. I sighed in relief as I pulled my shoes out of my bag. I placed my feet back into them and seconds later the train pulled up in front of me. The doors slid open and I waited while a couple of people got off onto the platform. I stepped onto the train and looked around, noticing there were a lot more people than the one I usually caught home and I again cursed the fact that I had missed it.
I looked around the carriage, initially looking for a seat, then realised I was also looking for my "friend", my fellow traveller that I was so used to seeing twice a day now until I remembered that he would have been on the earlier train as well. Oh well, just one more downside to missing that train. It was at that moment that I realised just how much I had come to enjoy the teasing trip to and from work every day. I mused over the fact that life sure changed in a hurry when the train lurched and I reached out to grab for the rail. I had a heart-stopping moment as I thought I had missed it and was about to fall over but I just managed to grab hold as the train took off.
I smiled to myself as I imagined the embarrassment that would have ensued if I had missed the pole. In my mind, I went flying backwards, falling on my ass as my legs went up in the air showing all the passengers my bare ass and pussy. I was sure some would enjoy the view and there was a part of me that would enjoy showing them but I also knew that showing this many people all at once would end up being a negative thing. People tend to be a lot more self-righteous when they feel they have a crowd or an audience backing them. I was musing over the scene in my head when just a couple of minutes later the train began to slow down for the next station.
I strengthened my grip on the pole and for some reason looked around the carriage again. There was a woman around the same age as me waving at me trying to get my attention. When I looked at her she smiled and beckoned me over. I carefully made my way from seat to seat over to where she was. The train had almost slowed to a stop now.
"This gentleman is getting off at this station if you want his seat."
She had a hopeful look in her eye and I assumed that she felt safer having a woman sitting opposite her than a man. Perhaps she had had some bad experiences on the train before. As the train pulled up at the station the man stood up and smiled at me. He waved his arm, guiding me to the newly vacated seat. I smiled back at him in thanks, shuffled in, and sat down opposite the woman. I sighed as I sat down and took the weight off my feet. The woman smiled at me in sympathy.
"Long day in heels?"
I smiled and nodded.
"Not to mention a barefoot run to make sure I caught the last train. My feet are killing me."
"Oh, God. You poor thing."
She looked around and then back at me.
"I know how weird this sounds and I know it's a weird circumstance but I am a remedial masseur. I work for the Arthro Sports Clinic. I would be happy to give you a foot rub."
She could see the hesitation creeping into my eyes and hurried to add.
"Don't feel you have to say yes, I know it's an odd situation, I am just offering because I can see you're suffering."
I wasn't sure how to feel about it. It was such a bizarre situation and no matter how much I wanted her to I couldn't help but wonder how the other commuters would feel about it. While I was mulling it over the train began to slow again and it dawned on me that the train I usually caught was an express that only had three stops for my forty-five-minute commute. The last train of the day, the one I was on right now, stopped at all stations and it was going to be a long ride home.
"Are you sure? You don't think people will think it's weird?"
The other girl laughed.
"Have you seen the weird shit that goes on on these trains? A foot massage is positively normal."
I laughed and had the thought that perhaps my own behaviour on the train lately is possibly the weird shit she was talking about.
"Well, it's hard to argue with that logic. My feet have been in shoes for most of the day though and I ran barefoot through the streets, they're probably a bit manky."
Again, the girl laughed.
"I do remedial massage on sportsmen that have come straight off the field. Sweaty doesn't bother me in the slightest and some of the elderly people and people with disabilities have the scariest-looking feet you can imagine. Think eagle talons protruding from a reptile's feet and you would be close. Believe me, I wouldn't have offered if I minded."
I watched the doors slide closed on the train while I decided. Several people got off at this stop but only one or two got on and I figured this would be the way of it for the majority of the trip. My stop was the last on the line and it was a safe assumption there would be fewer people on the train by the time I finally got there. I was tempted by the kind offer from the attractive woman. There was something almost pleading about the offer, as though it was more than just an offer of kindness. I wanted to do this for myself but there was something that made me want to do it for her too. I couldn't help but be curious about this, it felt like there was more to this than met the eye. I looked her right in the eye and asked her quite seriously.
"Do you want this?"
I placed a gentle emphasis on the "you" and, as though she seemed to understand exactly what I was referring to, she blushed slightly and nodded. Although she looked a little embarrassed by the admission her voice came across as nonchalant.
"Sure. Why not?"
I smiled at her and then bent forward, slipping my shoes off again and slipping them back in the bag. I gave my feet a quick wipe as though removing the grime I imagined to be there. I looked at them and realised that the were a bit dirty but they weren't as grotty as I had thought they would be. I sat back upright and gave the woman one last "Are you sure" look and received a quick nod and a smile. I lifted my foot and was suddenly unsure where to put it, but that was quickly sorted as the woman reached out and cradled my foot gently in her right hand. I noticed a wedding band on her ring finger as her left hand smoothed over the top of my foot. The woman scooted forward a bit and I did the same making it easier and more comfortable for us both. She kept her thighs together creating a cradle in which rested my calf and heel. The moment she began rubbing my foot I realised that she knew exactly what she was doing.
I was transported almost instantly into a place of relaxation and relief. A small quiet moan of pleasure escaped me and I noticed a smile creep across the woman's face in response. She went to work on me and I felt my eyes rolling back and my eyelids slipped closed as I revelled in the delicious feeling. The woman slowly but knowingly massaged every inch of my foot and then began massaging my calf as well. I was feeling so good and I felt myself relaxing all over. The further up my leg she went, though, the more intimate it began to feel.
It snuck up on me but I realised that the massage was beginning to take on more than a relaxing feeling. It was so good though that I didn't mind at all. Once again, my imagination took over and a small scenario was playing out that was a lot more erotic than what was actually happening. I was a little bit shocked that another woman's touch was turning me on this much. Admittedly, I had been very turned on all day and it was probably because of that but I also found that I didn't mind at all, it was actually kind of exciting. I opened my eyes and glanced around the carriage and realised that there were a lot fewer people on this carriage now than when I first got on. How long had I been here? How many stops had there been?
The motion of the massage changed subtly and I felt the woman's strong hands almost pulling my leg as she worked back down the calf. There was a rhythm to what she was doing and I began to pay a bit more attention to it. It felt wonderful and I noticed that my heel was now further between the other woman's thighs. I could feel the stiff seem of her jeans at her crotch against the bottom of my heel and I was startled as I realised that the woman was using my foot to grind her clit against.
The moment I realised what was happening another small moan escaped me. The woman looked up at me and she was looking a little flushed in the cheeks.
"That feels good doesn't it."
She said to me and a knowing look passed between us.
"Very. I don't want it to stop."
The message was loud and clear. Keep going, I don't mind. The pressure became a little stronger and the rhythm increased. Then I felt a shudder run through her. I felt it in my foot as well as the hands that were holding my foot jammed into her crotch. I knew, without a shadow of a doubt that this woman had just cum on my foot. It should have been more than just a little weird and the old me would have been appalled. Instead of repulsing me though, it was one of the most intensely erotic things I had ever experienced without having an actual orgasm myself.
I was soaked and tingling, my nipples were rock hard and I wanted nothing more than to make myself cum. I knew it wouldn't take much but there was still another couple on this carriage only two seats away. I was fairly sure they couldn't see anything and the fact they were so close while my new friend was making herself cum was incredibly exciting but I had been so turned on all day that I wasn't sure I could keep quiet after all the buildup. I was sure that if I just let go it would be a big one and I would most likely make a lot of noise.
The train began to slow again as it was pulling into the next station. Without saying anything I moved my foot back to the floor. The train ground to a stop and for the next few minutes we sat there in silence. Nothing was said verbally but plenty was being said through our looks. The couple sitting near us got up and exited the train and I seemed to hold my breath until the doors closed again, hoping that no one else would get on this carriage. Frustratingly, one young woman did. I felt irrationally annoyed and disappointed until she looked at the pair of us, looked around the train and walked to the other end of the carriage, putting on headphones as she went. That was good enough for me. It may as well be empty for all she was going to notice.
The train began to move again and I looked back at the woman across from me. She was still red in the face and I wasn't sure if it was embarrassment or the result of her recent orgasm, perhaps a little of both. I smiled a naughty smile, raised my other foot and gave her a grin.
"Keen to go again?"
The woman smiled back at her, looked down the train at the girl wearing headphones and nodded. She began massaging my foot and I was sent into another wave of delight. I closed my eyes and my head rolled back but it wasn't long before I felt the woman's legs part a little. I opened my eyes and watched as my foot slipped lower between her legs. I could feel the heat of her crotch as my bare sole pressed against her pussy. I wasn't going to be passive this time, and so I began moving my foot in a circular pattern and applying pressure as she massaged my calves. When I did she let out a small groan of pleasure and pushed her hips forward a little increasing the pressure on her pussy.
It felt so good to help this woman get off with my foot. I had never felt anything sexual about feet at all and still don't but this other woman clearly did and helping a stranger cum was one of the most wildly erotic things ever. I was beyond merely turned on at this point, I had been effectively edging myself since I came in the bathroom at work this morning and after the close encounter with Stefan this afternoon I was well and truly ready to go. I was on the verge of exploding and something had to give. I watched the woman getting closer and closer. Her mouth was open as she panted, her breath coming out in explosive little moans and her hips were grinding harder and faster. Watching her getting so worked up in a public place and, even better, being the cause of this woman's orgasm pushed me even further down the rabbit hole I had been descending all week.
I pulled my skirt up, exposing my naked pussy, and slipped my fingers straight down into my incredibly wet slit. I began working little pressure circles directly over and around my clit and smearing my cum around. I let out a deep moan as pleasure soared through my body.
The woman heard me moan and her eyes flew open. Instantly they were glued to my pussy as I pleasured myself in front of her. She had stopped moving momentarily in the shock of seeing what she was seeing but some adventurous wriggling of my toes got her moving again. In what seemed like only a few seconds we were each deep in the throes of a massive orgasm. We were both making strange noises, grunts and squeals, combined with the very wet sounds coming from my pussy and it all combined into a symphony that was wonderful to my ears.
If I hadn't been supported by the seat and my new friend I am certain that I would have melted into a puddle on the floor. As it was, we both sat there panting, trying to catch our breath and staring into each other's eyes. Now that I was coming down from my incredible orgasm I couldn't believe what had happened. I had just masturbated in front of a stranger, a woman no less, and in a public place. If someone told me that I was even capable of this a month ago I would have said that it would be an impossibility, yet here I was, smeared in my own juices and wanting more.
The train began slowing down again for another station but neither of us wanted to move. The light of the next station was coming through the windows now and the train had slowed right down and would soon pull to a stop. my new friend looked out the window and a look of panic crossed her face.
"Oh shit! This is my stop."
She hurriedly began getting herself organised while I wrestled my skirt back down and into place. I looked up at her and smiled.
"Thank you for the best foot massage ever."
She smiled a wicked smile.
"Believe me, the pleasure was all mine."
She held out her hand and in it was a business card. I took it and glanced over the details quickly.
"If you ever need another massage, or even if you just want to talk, please, call me. Oh, and I certainly won't complain if you need to catch the late train again tomorrow."
She smiled and winked at me.
"Oh, I'll definitely call, Rebecca."
"My friends call me Bec."
I watched as she strutted out the door of the train and into the waiting arms of a rather handsome looking man. They kissed briefly and then headed for the stairs. I watched Becky's ass as she sashayed towards the stairs until the train began to move again and I lost sight of her.
I couldn't believe what a crazy day it had been. I could still feel my pulse pounding and the endorphins flowing through my system in that post-orgasmic bliss. I thought about how I had flashed my fellow traveller this morning, how I had teased Stefan and then masturbating in front of Bec. I thought about the way Bec's face contorted beautifully as she came. She looked so pretty in her state of bliss.
I wondered if Bec's husband would be told about me. Strangely, I realised that I felt no irritation or jealousy and I didn't mind one way or the other. I'm certainly not into wrecking marriages but I wasn't thinking about a relationship with Bec either. What I was thinking about was Bec's husband fucking her as she told him about her adventures on the train. It was so hot to imagine those two very attractive people fucking. Naked, sweaty, animalistic rutting, all while talking about me.
The train began to slow again and an announcement came over the speakers stating that it was the final stop on the line and that everyone had to get off. I gathered up my items, slipped my shoes back on my feet and made my way out of the train and then the station on wobbly, tired legs. My mind was so deep in my fantasies and memories of the day that I simply wasn't paying attention to my surroundings as I walked home on autopilot.
I made it up my front steps, through the door and locked it behind me. I made my way into the kitchen where I microwaved leftovers from the night before. I stood at the kitchen counter with a plastic Tupperware bowl in one hand and a fork in the other staring blankly at the wall opposite me. My mind did not want to leave the fantasy world it had created and I was so physically tired that I simply didn't have the energy to wrestle it back into reality.
I tried to settle into my normal evening routine but I was so tired and distracted that by eight o'clock I had turned off the TV, showered and crawled into bed. I was asleep in record time but all night I dreamed about the day's events. Only in my dreams, everything went further. The guy on the train ate my pussy all the way to work with other passengers watching as I came continuously all over his face. I fucked Stefan on the desk with the door open and his mother on the phone telling him to make sure he pleasures me properly. I sucked his cock still dripping with my juices until he came in my mouth. Then Bec and I took turns eating each other's pussy all the way home.
It was incredible and I wanted all of those things to happen more than I cared to admit, even to myself. I woke up the next morning still tired, my fingers and pussy were wet, and there was a wet patch on my sheets that told its own story of how my night had gone.