Connor, with his fingers wrapped in her hair... turned her to face the newly shifted Scott.
"Oh my god", she giggled. "Get your butt back over there!"
What a grin on her face though. She was grinning from ear to ear, which was a surprising reaction. After the initial shock, she didn't push him away, she didn't look scared or overwhelmed or anything. She looked like she was having fun and taking in the moment. It's as if she's been secretly imagining a scenario like this for years...
Scott didn't move though. Not an inch. He stood there in the hot tub, his cock slightly out of the water stroking himself. It felt crazy how comfortable these two guys were with one another too. There Connor was, holding her by the hair, seemingly directing her towards Scott.
"Oooo look at you big boy." she continued. "I'm supposed to guess how big it is? Well... I'm gonna guess... That you're not as big as Connor."
Connor let his grip loose on her hair and laughed... collapsing back into the tub; his hands lifting out of the water and moving behind his head. What a way to use humor, hey? She was locked into this moment... they had been slowly seducing her into such a crazy position to have it ruined by her comment. I love this woman.
"Oh buddy, haha, that's some funny shit right there." Connor laughed.
Scott once again, didn't move. He didn't listen to her words or her jokes... this was a moment he wasn't going to miss out on. This girl was clearly flirting and clearly loving this. So comfortable. So suggestive. How far would she go?
"You want me to go sit down?" Scott questioned confidently. "I could go sit down I guess or.. I could stay right here. I could move in closer... "
Scott took his left hand and slowly reached out towards her. His hand was wet and dribbled a few drops onto the top of her head. He began to take the place where Connor's hand had moved though. She looked up at him, while she bit her lip. Connor snapped back into the moment and let his hands slowly slip back into the water, wrapping around the playful woman in his lap.
"Hey, you want a drink?" came a voice behind me.
Gah!! I jumped.
I turned around to focus into the darkness of the fire in the backyard. Her name was Laura. I spoke to her briefly earlier in the evening. Friend of a friend of a friend. I can't actually remember what the connection we made was but she seemed really friendly and chill.
"You want another drink? I brought a bunch and I doubt we are gonna finish them. I think most people are ready to go home for the night."
"You scared me. Haha. No I think I'm ok. Everyone's going home now? Yeah I guess it has quieted down."
I think she could tell I was preoccupied, wanting to turn my gaze back towards the hot tub, which I couldn't actually see now. I took a few strides toward the fire making things just out of my vision. Oh well. I can leave them be for a few moments.
I moved over to the fire and sighed a deep sigh of relief. Laura started to poke the fire, moving around the logs in order to slowly decrease the flame. It turned out to be such a crazy night.
"Is this your first time here?" she asked.
Innocent little question turned into an answer. And another question. And another answer. Before I knew it, it had been about five minutes since I'd turned my back towards the tub. I'd been caught up in the conversation. Caught up in watching the fire flicker. I didn't wanna be impolite towards Laura and it seemed like she was oblivious to what was still happening in the other part of the yard. I didn't wanna let on what I'd been watching.
"Well... I should probably get going." I said, placing my hands on my knees and standing up from the old fold out lawn chair.
"Yeah for sure. Nobody seems to care about this fire anymore so I'll just find some water to put it out. Be right back."
As Laura swayed towards the house, I started inching my way towards my lookout spot, eager to see if anything that changed. Eager to see how little... or how much trouble she had gotten herself into.
Just as I was about to catch a gaze of the tub... I felt my pants buzz.
A text message.
I grabbed my pocket and noticed... the hot tub was empty.
Nobody was there anymore.
She was gone.
Her top, no longer there either.
The towels on the left side of the tub were gone as well.
I reached into my pocket and took out my phone.
"Hey baby. I couldn't find you and I was getting super tired. I found someone to give me a ride home. Tonight... was fun."
I quicked texted back.
"I'm by the fire. Are you still here?"
...
...
...
"Oh"
...
...
...
"I was still in the hot tub. I got a ride though."
My fingers couldn't hit the buttons fast enough...
"Are you sure? I can find you. I can come meet you."
Then silence...
Silence...
I moved around the yard..
Found my jacket.
Found my car.
Two minutes...
Five minutes...
Twenty minutes...
I hang up my keys on the wooden hanger just inside my front door. Taking my jacket off, trying to remember what is inside the fridge for a late night snack. Down the hall... into the bedroom. Just as I place my phone on the nightstand and grab the remote... my phone buzzes again.
"She's in good hands."
And I really wasn't prepared for the picture that accompanied the message...