This is a continuation of our real life story as we explored our sexuality.
*
During the week Kristen made plans for us to meet Brad and Lacey again. She also told them that I had been upset because she hadn't followed the "no touching" rule. They told her that they didn't have a problem with what she had done.
We met at the same motel again with our supply of wine and beer to help us lose our inhibitions. This time I offered a suggestion as to a different way to start our evening out. I suggested playing strip poker, and I had even brought the cards. Everyone agreed. The drinks were poured and we started our game. The girls were a little shy at first, but eager to play.
In the first couple of rounds Brad and I lost our shirts and Lacey removed her blouse showing a sheer bra beneath. Kristen removed her skirt first because she had worn a shelf bra and felt her thong would offer the least exposure. She didn't want to be the first to be really exposed. Lacey next lost her skirt and then Kristen lost again. She was hesitant but had no choice but to remove her blouse. Her bra was cut beneath her nipples with an underwire that supported her tits and made them stand straight out. Her pink nipples were extremely erect. I couldn't believe how exciting seeing her made me. I actually got harder viewing my own wife more than I did seeing Lacey.
Within a short time we were all nude. I made the suggestion that we continue the game and the winner of each hand got to tell the loser of their choice what to do for one minute. We also decided that if anyone was uncomfortable with what they had to do they could refuse. Everyone agreed to give it a try.
Kristen won the first hand. She told Lacey to play with Brad's dick. Lacey and Brad moved to the bed. She began to slowly stoke his dick and play with his balls making his already hard cock harder. Kristen and I pulled our chairs over to the bed and watched every stroke.
When play resumed, it was Brad who won the next hand. He told me to play with Kristen's tits and suck on her nipples. I was happy to comply. They sat watching us from about two feet away. I sucked and squeezed Kristen's nipples so that they were pinker, harder, and longer than they had ever been. Knowing that they were right there made it really hot. Lacey kept commenting about how long Kristen's nipples were compared to her own little bumps.
I won the next hand. I asked Lacey to sit on the table in front of me, spread her legs and really show me her pussy. She sat right up on the table and opened her legs. She pulled her lips apart showing me the wet pinkness within. Kristen and Brad pulled there chairs closer to watch with me. Lacey began to rub her clit and then pulled back the skin covering it so that we could see her hard little button. She slid her finger to her moist slit and began tapping it on the opening. She then let the tip of her finger penetrate between her lips. Brad encouraged her to finger herself, and she pushed her finger in deeper, but her time was up before she could continue.
Brad won again, and this time he said he wanted to see Kristen sit on the table and play with her pussy as Lacey had. She moved to the table, opened her legs and showed us all a close up view of her pussy. She slid her finger up and down the groove outside her lips and then pulled her outer lips apart showing us her small, pink, rose petal inner lips. They were glistening with her juices.
Brad asked her to open up her inner lips. She separated them, grasped each lip with her thumb and index finger, and stretched them outward and apart. We gazed into the opening of her vagina. I was so excited watching her play with herself I thought I would cum. Seeing her exposed like that to all of us was making me hotter than I had ever been before. She tapped the opening as Lacey had. Brad then asked her to put a finger in. Kristen hesitated for the first time and said that she'd rather not. She never fingered herself as far as I knew.
Lacey finally won. She told Kristen that she wanted to see her sit astride me so that I could suck her nipples and stick my dick into her pussy. Kristen straddled me with my hard dick pointing straight up against her ass. She leaned forward to allow me access to her tits. I immediately began to lick and suck on her nipples. As she leaned forward her pussy was completely exposed to Brad and Lacey.
Lacey told me to push my dick into her. As I rocked my hips upward my dick slid up and down her slippery pussy, but didn't enter. It felt incredible. As I continued trying to get it in, Lacey reached over and took my cock in her hand. She ran the head of my dick up and down between Kristen's pussy lips and then shoved it deep into Kristen's pussy. It was one of the hottest sensations I'd ever had. Knowing another woman was holding my dick and fucking Kristen with it was unbelievable. As our time expired I asked what had happened to the no touching rule. Kristen told me she had discussed it Lacey and Brad and they decided that the rule only referred to the guys. Lacey asked if I was okay with that. It surly didn't take me long to agree with their plan.
I won the following hand. I came up with an idea that I thought fit the new rule change. I told Kristen that I wanted to see her rub her nipples against Lacey's nipples. Kristen hesitated a bit, but Lacey jumped right up. She placed her hands on Kristen's hips and pulled her in. I was awestruck! I was watching Kristen pelvis to pelvis with another woman. Lacey pressed her breasts into Kristen's, and they began to rub there nipples back and forth. Lacey really seemed to enjoy the sensation of Kristen's long, hard nips rubbing against hers.
After a bit of rubbing Lacey asked Kristen what she thought it would feel like if Brad and I licked their nipples as they rubbed tits. Kristen asked her if she wanted to find out. With Brad on one side and me on the other we each began licking two nipples at once.
It was extremely hot sucking two nipples into my mouth at the same time. While they rubbed their nipples together I stuck my tongue between them, flipping their nips up and down. Feeling both their nips pressed together as I sucked on them was quite sensual. The no touching rule had gone a bit further! As they rubbed and we sucked, Kristen held Lacey's hips, and Lacey began to press her leg between Kristen's. Watching Lacey press her leg further between Kristin's thighs gave me an idea for my next winning hand.
Kristen won again and said she wanted to watch Brad and Lacy fuck. She said that she didn't get to see everything she wanted to see last week because she didn't want to stare. Brad and Lacey climbed onto the bed and Kristen and I sat right next to them. Lacey leaned back and Brad separated her legs. He began stroking her thighs, moving quickly to her pussy. He separated her lips and inserted one finger deep into her pussy. He began to slide his finger back and forth causing Lacey to moan and thrust her hips forward. Brad then added another finger which stretched Lacey wide.
He then moved between Lacey's legs and slowly guided his large cock into his waiting wife. Kristen moved to within a few inches to watch Brad's big dickhead enter Lacey. Every time he withdrew, the rim of his dick stretched Lacey's pussy wide. As he pushed inward it looked like his dick popped into her pussy each time his large dickhead penetrated her. At this point nobody was watching the clock, and we watched them fuck for several minutes.
We continued our game, and as luck would have it, I won. I had already thought of my next request. I told Kristen and Lacey that I wanted them to continue what they started before. This time I wanted them to rub pussies. Kristen was really hesitant, but Lacey thought it sounded interesting. After a bit more prodding she agreed to give it a try.
They positioned themselves on their backs with there heads at opposite ends of the bed. They separated their legs and moved forward until their pussies were lightly touching. Brad and I sat on opposite sides of the bed mesmerized as the girls began pressing their pussy lips together. Lacey turned a bit on her side so that she could get every bit of her pussy pressed against Kristen. She began to really grind against her. Kristen seemed very hesitant and more or less went along with Lacey's actions.
Brad reached out and began to run his fingers along the underside of Kristen's breasts moving quickly to her erect nipples. I began to follow his lead. As Brad caressed Kristen's breasts, she began to pick up on Lacey's gyrations. She too began to press and grind her pussy into Lacey's. I leaned forward and began to suck on one of Lacey's nipples while I played with her other breast.
Since this was the first time I had felt her breasts I really explored every bit of them. As I said, her tits are quite a bit larger than Kristen's and not as firm. Her nipple, while wider than Kristen's had a center that felt like a small pebble. I really enjoyed the soft, fullness of her breasts.
Brad was examining Kristen's breasts with the same interest. He seemed to really enjoy pulling on one of her long, thick nipples as he sucked on the other. Both girls really seemed to be enjoying all of the new sensations. About this time Lacey slid one hand down between their pussies and quickly found Kristen's clit. I sat up and watched. As she rubbed it she pulled back on the skin above it exposing the hard pea sized bump. She continued to rub and explore all of Kristen's pussy, sliding her fingers up and down her slit. She slowly worked a finger between Kristen's inner lips sliding it up and down.
By this time Brad had left Kristen's tits and joined me watching the action below. Lacey continued to slide her finger between Kristen's lips while slowly dipping the tip of her finger into her pussy. I told Kristen she should touch Lacey. I could tell she really didn't want to but she slid her hand tentatively downward and began to feel her pussy. She found her clit and began to rub it with one finger massaging each side. Lacey began to really grind her pussy into Kristin's. I decided to join Lacey and rub Kristen's pussy. We both played with her clit and even fingered her at the same time. I can't begin to tell you how hot it was feeling Lacey's finger rubbing against mine inside Kristen's pussy.
Lacey removed her hand while I played with Kristen's pussy. She continued grinding into her. With each pelvic thrust Lacey squeezed my fingers between Kristen's pussy and her own. I couldn't believe that I was actually getting to touch Lacey's wet pussy too. I moved my fingers a bit, and was successful as my finger dipped deeper into Lacey's drenched opening with each thrust. I had wanted to touch her but didn't really think I would get the opportunity due to our "no touching" rule. It seemed our regulations had become a bit relaxed, and nobody was complaining.
Brad was watching me play. I motioned for him to place his hand between the girls. I barely got my hand out before he was enjoying the same sensation of playing with two pussies at once. He seemed as eager to explore Kristen's pussy as I had been to play with Lacey's. It really turned me on watching him as he began to let the tip of his finger slip between Kristen's lips. I never knew how exciting it would be watching another man finger my wife.
Brad slid his other hand between them. He was fingering both pussies while rubbing both of their clits. I moved and began to reach out in both directions and play with their tits. I was playing with both sets and then started alternately sucking their nipples.
As I kneeled along side Kristen she reached up and grabbed my cock. She vigorously started stoking me. I shifted a bit on the bed and placed the head of my dick against her lips. She turned her head to the side and quickly sucked the head of my dick into her mouth. Lacey leaned up on her elbows to watch as Kristen devoured my swollen member. She was sucking me like never before.
Brad continued fingering and rubbing their pussies as the girls grinding became more intense. As Lacey and Kristen both began to cum, I did also. I pulled my cock from Kristen's mouth as the first shot of cum launched itself a good two feet across the bed. Kristen continued to pump me dry. The three of us were totally spent.
Poor Brad was left with a raging hard-on. Lacey turned toward Brad and moved her head to his lap. She began to slowly lick circles around his now purple dick head. Brad was a bit impatient and began to thrust his dick between Lacey's lips. She sucked and licked him as Kristen and I sat next to them enjoying the sight. It only took but a few moments before Brad began to moan and shoot his load deep into Lacey's waiting mouth. She swallowed every drop.
We all agreed that the game had been fun and extremely hot. All four of us said we were looking forward to our next encounter.
To be continued...