"Hold the elevator!" Alex Davis shouted, struggling with bags on her arms and a box clutched tightly to her chest as she rushed towards the metal doors. She didn't think she would be able to stand there and wait for it to come back down, let alone make it up the stairs without falling flat on her face.
A hand shot out from inside the lift, stopping the doors from sliding shut.
"Thanks so much." Alex panted as she juggled the huge load into the elevator. Sweat trickled down the back of her neck as she pressed her back against the inside wall.
"No problem," the guy said quietly, pushing up the dark rimmed glasses falling down his nose. He wore a plain black t-shirt and had his hands in the pockets of his dark blue jeans. "What's your number?"
"What?" Her eyebrows shot up as she peeked over the box at him. "We just met..."
The corners of his lips turned up and his hazel eyes glittered with mirth. "No. I mean what floor are you going to?"
"Oh my god! Right." Her face flamed with embarrassment as she looked away, causing long brown strands of hair to stick to her lipgloss. "Six, please."
"Me too. Weird." He shook his head and chuckled as he pressed the button, his short dirty blonde waves shaking with the effort. "I'm Ian."
We live on the same floor?
"Hey, I'm Alex. I just moved in." Her voice was soft as she snuck a peek at him, while attempting to pull her now sticky locks from her lips by rubbing her head against her shoulder. She probably looked like an insane person, but he didn't seem fazed.
"Welcome. Here, let me help you with that." He reached for the box, which she gratefully let go of, and caught a whiff of what she assumed was his soap. The scent reminded her of being outdoors. While he looked at the glowing numbers flashing above the door, she took time to observe him, setting down her bags and shaking out her hands in an attempt to regain feeling in her fingertips.
He's cute in a geeky sort of way.
His nose was straight and strong. His lips were full, framed by a strong jaw. Although clean shaven, his hair was disheveled like he had just woken up. A DSLR camera hung around his neck by a thick blue strap. She opened her mouth to ask him what sort of photos he took, but the elevator dinged and the doors slid open on level six.
"Lead the way." He smiled warmly at her as he stepped aside in the hallway, holding her box effortlessly with one arm.
"I think it's this way," Alex said, picking up her bags and following him out into the hallway. Its cream-colored walls and blue carpeting reminded her of being at the beach. She picked the hallway off to the right and started walking, leaving him to follow behind her.
"What apartment number is it?" he asked quizzically as her pace slowed.
"I'm in 603A."
He chuckled to himself, shifting the box to his other arm.
Her eyebrows drew together and the corners of her lips turned down.
"Why are you laughing?" She was tired from carrying stuff all day.
"I'm so sorry. It's just, you're on the wrong side of the building." Ian bit his lip, trying to keep his laughter contained as best as he could.
"Crap," Alex muttered as she rolled her eyes to the ceiling. "That would figure."
"Listen. I live in 603C. Since we're already on my side of the building, would you mind if we stopped off at my apartment really quick? Then I can help you get to your place. I forgot my spare battery." He lifted his camera and shrugged. "Wouldn't get very far at work if I wasn't prepared."
"Sure that's fine. I appreciate your help. So, you're a photographer? Where do you work?" She clapped a hand over her mouth. "Sorry, I'm nosy sometimes."
"I don't mind. Besides, what kind of person would I be if I didn't finish helping you after I already offered?" He grinned as he headed down the hallway. "And you don't have to apologize for asking questions. It's a perfectly reasonable thing to ask."
"Okay. Good deal." She smiled up at him as she paced herself alongside him, matching his strides with hers.
"I'm a freelance photographer. So, really I work for myself, but I submit photos to various places." They stopped in front of his door. He rummaged in his pocket, fiddling with the keys before dropping them.
"Wow. Your own boss, huh? That's really cool."And sexy,she added silently as she picked up his keys and stuck them in the lock for him.
"Thanks." He turned the handle.
Ian strode quickly inside as Alex stood in the doorway, awaiting his return. After a minute or so, she heard a distinctAhaand he reappeared, battery in hand. "Found it. Sorry, I forgot where I had put it."
"It's alright." He locked the door and shoved his keys in his pocket along with the battery. Again, Alex met him step for step. "Am I keeping you from anything?"
"Not particularly. I've got to drop off some photos to be printed up for submission and then I'm just going to take photos until both batteries die." He smiled down at her with greenish brown eyes seemingly lit up from within when he mentioned his photos.
"Nice! Must be awesome to have found something you love to do." They reached the elevator and stepped inside. She felt slightly claustrophobic in the tiny space, but chose to focus on Ian. It wasn't that hard to do. He was definitely easy on the eyes. "I've got a job lined up and I start tomorrow at eight a.m., but it's for a lower level position. I'm hoping to work my way up though."
"I do love my job." He pushed the ground level button and turned to her as the doors closed. "Where is this new place of employment at?"
Alex bit her lip and rolled her eyes. "It's stupid, but I don't really want to say until after I make sure I can hack it. I don't want to jinx it. I'm a teensy bit superstitious." She balanced the bags in her aching arms and did her best not to wince. "I really need this job."
Sounding desperate much?
He laughed and reached out a hand to take some of her bags. She looked up at him warily, starting to shake her head, but he flashed her a look that told her not to argue and gestured his hand at her. "Come on. Hand them over."
She sighed and handed an armful over. "Thank you."
"Sure. What are neighbors for?" He winked just as the doors opened and waited for her to exit first.
Alex couldn't think of anything else to say as they walked down therighthallway this time. Ian strode beside her in comfortable silence. Occasionally, she snuck a peek at him and caught him looking at her which would cause her to blush and turn away. When they finally reached her door, she stuck her key in the lock without looking at him and pushed the door open. He followed her in, leaving the door open, which made her feel a little more comfortable with the fact that she was alone with a stranger in her apartment.
"Where do you want them?" he asked, breaking the awkward silence.
"Oh, um, over here is fine." She nodded her head in the direction of the kitchen while she plunked her load onto the counter.
Ian did the same and peered down at her. "Well, I should probably get going. I hope you have a lovely day." He backed away, never breaking eye contact.
"You, too. Thanks so much again for your help."
"It was nice meeting you, Alex."
She liked the sound of her name on his lips. He kept his hazel eyes on her as his lips upturned slightly.
"Maybe I'll see you around?"
"Maybe," she returned softly as he closed the door.
Alex bit her lip as she locked the door behind him. She went to run a bath, desperately wanting to wash the grime off of her sweaty body from moving in. As the hot water steamed up her bathroom, she couldn't help but smile.
Maybe things are finally looking up for me.
*****
Alex peeked at her wristwatch as she hurried down the hallway toward the elevator. 7:30 a.m. Good, she'd make it on t— "Oof." Alex collided with something warm and solid in her rush. She wasn't looking up. She stumbled but strong hands caught her before she fell.
"Careful now," a raspy voice said with a chuckle - hazel eyes twinkling as she looked up at the same guy from the elevator. "You alright?"
She cleared her throat, her words fighting to get out. The woodsy notes from his soap invaded her nostrils, teasing her senses. Being so close to a male unnerved her - especially one who smelled so good. She hadn't been touched by a man since Mark - her cheating ex-husband.

No! Do not go there.
"Yes, thank you."
He's so warm...Ian removed his arm from around her waist and helped her to stand upright.
"You look nice today," he said with a lopsided grin that produced a dimple in his cheek. "You must be off to your first day of work."
So cute and he offers compliments? Where has he been all my life?

"Yes. I'm trying to make sure I'm early," Alex said, shaking her head and flashing a smile as they stepped into the elevator.
"Oh, I see." As his smile widened, his teeth gleamed, perfectly straight aside from one slightly turned tooth. Somehow the slight physical flaw made him all the more appealing. "Going down then?"
"Yes, please." She smiled and he pressed the ground floor button. He cast her a sideways glance, followed by a smirk. "Fancy meeting you here again. Are you lost?"
He laughed as the doors closed. "Yes. I'd like to say that it must be fate, but the truth is that I was hoping to run into you before you took off this morning." He winked at her, causing a nervous chuckle to flutter out of her mouth.
A guy winked and you're falling apart. Pull yourself together.
"Oh, really, and why is that?" she asked, trying to disguise how happy that made her. Alex wanted to appear cool and aloof.
"I just...uh...wanted to wish you good luck." Ian rocked back on his heels, his hands in his pockets as he smiled sincerely at her. He seemed uncertain of himself and a little out of his element, which made him all the more alluring. A funny guy who's also vulnerable and sexy? So rare.
Alex opened her mouth to speak, but a whole group of people stepped inside on floor five, pushing her and her sexy new acquaintance to the back of the elevator. As still more people piled in on the third floor, Alex and Ian were packed together, side by side. His bare arm touched hers, sending warm tingles up her arm. She gasped and he looked down to meet her eyes. His gaze heated. She bit her lip, her cheeks warming as she tore her eyes away from him.
When she spotted him out of the corner of her eye, he was looking down at her, grinning. They both laughed, causing a few heads to turn. Alex tried to smother her giggles with her hand, while Ian pressed his lips together, shaking with barely contained laughter. The lady beside her dropped some papers, cursing as she bent down to pick them up. She accidentally bumped Alex, causing her to trip backwards. Her backside landed against Ian's pelvis, causing him to gasp.
With his sharp intake of breath she wondered if maybe she had hurt him. She turned around to see if he was okay when the lady accidentally bumped into her again. Her body pressed against his in the crowded space. Her heart pounded and when she looked up at him a tremor ran through her as she met his intense stare. A small bead of sweat trickled down the side of his face and disappeared inside his shirt. His breathing was heavy, along with hers, but they couldn't look away from one another.
Warmth pooled down into her groin and she had to suppress a moan. The elevator dinged on the ground floor and everyone started to clear out. She pulled herself away from him, smoothing down the grey pencil skirt of her business suit. He adjusted himself quickly, but not so fast that she didn't catch a glimpse of the noticeably large bulge in his pants. Alex glanced up at Ian in surprise, but this time he wouldn't meet her gaze. A blush spread along his cheeks and down his neck.
"Sorry," he muttered quickly, glancing briefly at her as he rubbed the back of his neck. She wanted to tell him it was okay, but he was gone before the words left her lips.
Alex bit her lip, trying to contain her small smile as she strode outside to the parking lot. He was nice enough to seek her out just to wish her luck and she didn't even get his number.
Crap! I left my phone!
She didn't have time to go back for it now. Aside from her lawyer and her parents, nobody called her anyways, what with her being an only child and having no children of her own. All of her friends kind of drifted away after she got married. Mark was a little controlling, so she never had time to make new ones. In fact, she had only been married for a little over a year before she found out her husband was sleeping with everyone who had a vagina. Thirty years old and she already had one failed marriage under her belt. Well, nearly. She had filed for divorce, but was still waiting on Mark to sign the papers. She was not looking for a long-term relationship any time soon.
Alex rushed to her white Chevy Blazer, pushing the key fob to unlock the door repeatedly. As she buckled up and pulled out of her parking space, she couldn't help remembering how arrogant the bastard had been when she found him having a threesome in their bed with some girls he worked with. They were assistants or secretaries or interns or something, but who they were wasn't important. He was angry she came home early instead of being apologetic about cheating on her. He blamed her for being too boring in bed. That's when she knew for sure it was over.
She turned on the radio and looked at all the pretty Colonial-style houses she passed. One day she would own one of those. Blaring her favorite Indie Rock station, she sang along as loud as she could, hoping to drown out her sorrows. She didn't want to focus on the past any longer and wanted to live more in the moment, taking things as they came. Maybe Mark had been right about her being boring.
I doubt Ian would agree.

She smirked as she flashed back to the way he'd looked at her, like he wanted to take her right there in the elevator. She clenched her thighs together, overcome by a sudden urge to touch herself. Alex had never been this turned on before, not even by her ex. She barely even knew the guy and already she wanted to jump his bones.
Concentrate on getting to work on time. Plenty of time to daydream about fucking Ian later.

Living only ten minutes away from work had its perks. A fast and easy commute was one of them. Another was hardly any traffic, since she no longer lived in a big city. New York had been too busy for her. Once the divorce was finalized, she wanted to start over in a small place where she could really get to know people. It's easy to be forgotten or overlooked in a city, with all the competition to be the most successful.
At first, the hustle and bustle had been exciting. She'd worked at a large, daily newspaper since college. She moved her way up after college, from an unpaid intern to a full-time reporter position and finally ended up as the editor. It was cutthroat there and she had to fight for each article she wrote, always had to come up with something new and interesting. She had loved every minute of it. Alex foolishly started a romance with Mark, who was her publisher. She was young and naive to believe he really loved her. In truth, he just wanted to control and own her. That became apparent soon after they were married.
After the separation, everything changed. Nothing about working at the newspaper appealed to her, especially with her ex being her boss. So, she found a new job, sold pretty much everything she owned, and moved to Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. Though she was promised a reporter position, Susan informed herafterAlex had moved that they had given the position to someone else.
She had no choice but to accept the classifieds/legals position. Every penny she saved went towards the move and apartment. She was stuck. Alex sighed as she pulled into a space at Kitty Hawk News and shut off her engine. She stared out the window at the small town, red brick building and blew out an anxious breath. She got out and strode into the office, congratulating herself for being on time. Maybe Susan wouldn't have a conniption fit. The likes of which her new co-workers had warned her about the day she interviewed. She had thought they were trying to psych her out at first.
Wrong.
A long lecture on the importance of punctuality. Even though she was. According to Susan's clock, however, she was two minutes late. Alex didn't argue. She let her new boss vent until she ran out of steam, nodding and agreeing in all the appropriate places so as to not lose her job on the first day. Soon she was dismissed as if she were simply a servant, giving Alex the impression that her boss was a total bitch.
The rest of the morning was spent on training. Basically answering phone calls and emails. Boring. At least she was also learning how to build ads. She missed reporting, but hoped the busy work would give her a change of pace or at least a new perspective.
Her stomach growled, announcing that she was famished. She finished the ad she had been assigned and grabbed her purse. Alex found herself once again wondering what Ian was doing. Internally she was kicking herself for not getting his number, but she was pretty certain she would see him again.
"Susan?" Alex knocked tentatively on the publisher's door. "Is it alright if I go to lunch now?"
"Sure, that's fine," Susan said, smiling at someone in a chair with their back to the door.
Curious. A smile looks so odd on her. She's looked rather stern all day...

"But first, come in and meet my favorite grandson. He freelances for us from time to time."
"I'm youronlygrandson," said a quiet voice as the chair turned around.
"Alex, this is Ian. My grandson." Susan patted him on the shoulder with pride in her eyes. "Isn't he just adorable?"
Neither Alex nor Ian said a word as he stood slowly, never taking his eyes off her. Alex's smile froze and her mouth went dry.
He's her grandson? It's a small town, but still, what are the odds?

Susan cleared her throat and Alex blinked, sticking her hand out awkwardly. "Hello." She wasn't sure if she should acknowledge they knew one another.
"Nice to meet you, Alex." The sound of her name on his lips caused a flutter in her stomach.
I guess he doesn't want her to know we have already met. Play it cool.

"Nice to meet you too, Ian." His hand in hers caused a tingle to go up her arm and she licked her lips absentmindedly.

He tracked the movement of her tongue and clenched his jaw, pulling his hand away quickly and glancing at his grandmother. Ian clasped his hands in front of him and stared at Alex with hunger in his eyes. He adjusted his pants and sat back down, which made Alex smirk as a delicious warmth spread through her abdomen and groin area. He played with his camera and shifted in his seat, shooting glances at her every so often.
He's just as flustered as I am. Look at him all hot and bothered. He's so sexy. Why does he have to be related to evil incarnate?

"Alright, off you go. Don't stand there gawking at us. Enjoy your lunch." Susan shooed her away, her voice and demeanor softening with Ian around.
I like this side of her. Maybe she's human after all.

"I'll see you in half an hour." Alex smiled and started to back out of the room.
"Oh, make it an hour. Ian and I have much to discuss." Ian raised his eyebrows and looked at his grandma in surprise.
"I'll leave you to it then."
She raised her hand in a small wave and Ian nodded at her, a tiny smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. She smiled back and left, trying not to dwell on the fact that he pretended like he didn't know her. It bothered her a little, but at the same time, she barely knew him.
Suck it up. It doesn't mean he doesn't like you. I'm sure he has a good reason.
"Did you see the hot guy in there?" A blonde-haired, twenty-something girl whispered conspiratorially to her. "I'd like to break me off a piece of him." She giggled and turned her chair back around.
Okay then...Alex chuckled and shook her head, exiting the building as quickly as possible. She couldn't say that she disagreed, but the fact that he was the boss's grandson made her wary.

Alex decided to treat herself to a sit-down lunch at a mom and pop diner. It had been a long, confusing day and she just wanted some time to enjoy something by herself. She placed her order for the Caesar salad, potato soup combo. The lunch special was for all you can eat, but she would stop at one serving. After all, they did serve bread too. She loved food and had the stretch marks to prove it. After the whole Mark fiasco, she let herself go and gained a good twenty pounds.
It's what happened when she was sad and ate her feelings. She didn't care about anything, but the immediate satisfaction of comfort foods. It took her six months to lose the weight, but after some major soul searching and many hours at the gym, she shed the sadness in the form of her fat. Now that she was living for herself again, instead of focusing on someone else all the time, she felt much happier and much healthier.
Goodbye sad, unhappy Alex. Hello fun, healthy Alex.

Her food came fast and her waitress, whose name was Jackie, smiled a lot, calling her things like honey and sweetheart interchangeably. Alex thanked her and ate slowly, taking in the decor and furnishings of the small establishment. It had red booths and chairs with wooden tables painted white. It reminded her of peppermints, but it sure didn't smell like the sweet candy. The aromas of bacon cheeseburgers, chili cheese fries, and hot wings were among the scents wafting in her direction.
"Can I get you anything else, darlin'?" The middle-aged waitress asked with a tired smile, tucking loose strands of greying hair into her ponytail.
"Just the check, please."
"Sure thing. Here you are, honey." Jackie tore off the ticket and set it on the table.
"Thank you," Alex said as she finished her water and grabbed the check.
"You're welcome. You have a good day now, ya hear?" Jackie offered a wide, warm smile and started to clear the dishes.
Alex couldn't help smiling back. "I will. You too."
She paid up and walked out the door, fiddling with her keys as she drew closer to her car.
"Alexandra?"
Only one person ever called her that besides her mother.
She groaned inwardly and turned around. "Mark."
"How have you been?" He smiled smugly, looking as handsome as ever.
Why is he stalking me?
"Why do you care?" She bit back her contempt, not in the mood for a fight. "Did you follow me here?"
Not that I truly give a shit, but here's to civility and all, right?

"Kind of, yeah." He brushed a hand through his straight brown hair, his deep blue eyes trained on her. "I just needed to talk to you."
What part of I never want to see you again, was difficult?
"I don't want to do this right now. I've gotta get back to work. So..." Alex let her words trail off, hoping he'd get the hint.
"Okay. Yeah. It was good to see you. Just know that I'm not leaving town until you take me back." He smiled sadly, shifting on his feet as she got into the car. Before she had a chance to close the door, he leaned in. "I, uh, I miss you."
Alex looked away and sighed. "I don't have time for this, Mark. Please let me go."
Like you did each time you cheated. You had to have known I would leave.

"That's all you have to say?" He stepped back like she had slapped him, anger and regret burning in his eyes as he threw his hands up. "I came all this way to win you back and you don't even care?"
"What do you expect me to say? I don'twantyou back. I loved you and you never loved me enough to keep your dick in your pants. It's over. Just leave me alone." She inhaled deeply, trying to calm her nerves. "Goodbye, Mark. Don't contact me again."
"You'll regret this someday." He pressed his lips together in a firm line and glared.
"You know, Mark. I don't think that I will." She countered without so much as a backwards glance when she shut her door. She wondered if he was still standing there like a goon, but she ignored the impulse to look. Mark had his chance and he ruined it. Alex shook her head and started the engine, making sure she buckled up.
He wasn't worth my time.
Alex put him out of her mind and drove back to work, hoping Ian wouldn't be there. It wasn't because she didn't want to see him. If anything, her body awakened at the mere idea of his piercing hazel eyes, those sexy dimples. But she just couldn't take the risk of provoking her boss. If Susan ever found out she was interested, she could very well be fired. That would be a shame since she just moved all the way to a new town, for a fresh start.
I wonder if Ian's freaked out I work for his grandmother. I kind of am. A little.

Thankfully Ian was nowhere in sight.Susan is gone as well, she noted as she set down her purse and logged into her computer.
Probably out to lunch. Thank god.

The rest of the day rushed past her; everything she learned bled into something else. Alex didn't even remember the drive home. She took the stairs, wanting to avoid the possibility of running into Ian. Thankfully, he wasn't in front of her door either. She breathed a sigh of relief after her door was locked. She was so mentally exhausted that after getting undressed she crashed on the couch while watching her favorite show. She fell into a fitful sleep, caught between her soon-to-be ex-husband and the sexy guy in the elevator who was off limits.

The next morning, she woke up in a cold sweat with a crick in her neck. During her shower, she vowed to bury herself in work and do her best to avoid Ian. If she didn't spend any time with him, she wouldn't grow any more attached to the idea of something that she couldn't have. She was towel drying her hair when there was a knock at the door. With a groan, she pulled her robe tighter, figuring it was Ian. She whipped the door open to see a courier standing there with a large manila envelope.
"Morning, ma'am. Are you Mrs. Davis?" The plump fellow tipped his hat to her, like those men in old-fashioned western films.
"Yes. That's me. How can I help you?" She wrapped the towel around her shoulders and gazed at him with curiosity, trying to ignore the twinge of disappointment he wasn't a certain someone.
"You've been served. Here you go." He thrust the envelope in her hands and backed away as if he expected her to yell at him.
Alex ripped the envelope open, pulled the papers halfway out, and then let out a loud, joyful whoop. "Thank you so much!" she called after him with a smile so big that it took up half of her face.
He waved with a small, relieved smile. "You're welcome. Have a wonderful day."
"You too!"
Alex laughed a little and closed the door, clutching the divorce papers to her chest. Mark had finally signed them! She was finally going to be free.
As she finished taking the tabbed packet out, a piece of paper fluttered to the floor. She stooped to pick it up, scanning it once, then slowing down to actually take in what it said.
Alexandra,

I realized yesterday that you were right. I hurt you, but I never meant to. I was only thinking of myself. I'm sorry for everything. I signed the papers in hopes that if I set you free, you would someday consider coming back to me. Maybe we both need time to find ourselves. Even if that never happens, just know that I always loved you. I was just crappy at showing it.

All the best,
Markus

"Wow." Alex was touched, but not enough to consider taking him back. Instead she texted him a quick thank you and wished him the best as well. She was tired of being so angry.Time to let go and move on.
Now she just wished that there was a way to put Ian out of her mind.
True to her word on staying away from Ian, for the next few weeks Alex threw herself into her job at the paper. She dove into her emails and voicemails, purposely keeping busy. With many new responsibilities, it wasn't too difficult to lose track of time. She paginated the legals and classifieds pages, built ads, and gave customer service.
She was so consumed by the work one night that it took her a while to realize that she was alone in the office. When she looked at the clock on the wall, it read eight.
I bet Susan will be pissed about the overtime I accrued.

The dragon lady didn't seem the type who enjoyed having to pay people more than she had to, but at least if she checked Alex's email and files, she would know Alex had been hard at work.
"Fuck this," Alex said aloud as she picked up her purse and set her computer to sleep mode.
As she walked out of the building, making sure the lights were out and the doors were locked, she was startled by footsteps behind her. Alex clutched the pepper spray attached to her keyring and whipped around, her heart beating wildly.
"Whoa!" Ian put his hands up in self-defense. "I come in peace."
"Holy freaking crap! What are you doing here at this time of night?" Alex brought a hand to her chest and tried to slow her panicking heart. "Are you trying to give me a heart attack?"
"I was in the neighborhood and all that," he countered with a smirk.
"Sorry for sneaking up on you like that. I wasn't sure when I would see you again. Plus you've been avoiding me for weeks now..."
So, he did come to see me...

She narrowed her eyes. "You're not a creepy stalker or anything, are you?"
"No, not at all. Promise." He put his hands in his pockets as if to emphasize his point, looking pensive under the light of the full moon. "It's so beautiful, isn't it?"
He looks so young when he does that. Boyishly handsome even.

"Yeah. How old are you, anyway?" Alex blurted out before she could catch herself.
"Twenty-six." He laughed as his eyes flicked in her direction, running his fingers through his hair. "Why do you ask?"
"Just curious is all since you're Susan's grandson." She shrugged and grimaced, then flashed a grin. "You're younger than me. I'm thirty."
"Only by four years. No big deal." He cocked his head to the side, a shy smile on his lips.
"Yeah."
"Hey, sorry I didn't tell my grandma about you. I panicked. I wasn't expecting to see you there and she always gets too involved in my...life. So, yeah..." He kicked at a clod of dirt on the sidewalk and peeked at her.
"It's okay." She jiggled her keys and they looked at one another. Her breath caught as she met his intense gaze.
"So, my grandma offered me her position," he rushed out, his hands rubbing his stubbly cheeks.
For real?
"Wow. That's a big step up. Did she buy the company?" Alex crossed her arms and pressed her lips together, a big sense of déjà vu sweeping over her.
"Yes. She says she's retiring and wants to travel, but don't tell anyone." He fiddled with his glasses, then cleared his throat. "I'm not even really sure how I feel about it yet."
I can't date the boss man again.

"So. Did you come all the way here to tell me that?" Alex bit her lip, not wanting to laugh at him.
"No..." He lowered his arms and grinned, dimples on both cheeks.
"So. Why are you here, then?" Her eyebrows knitted together.
"Well, I forgot something the last time I saw you." He looked away and back at her. "And I haven't been able to get it out of my mind."
"What's that?" she asked as he took a step towards her, the closeness of him setting off the butterflies in her stomach again.
"This," he whispered, tucking her loose hair behind her ear and leaning in.
He brushed his lips against hers softly, hesitantly, pulling back a fraction of an inch to gage her reaction. Her heart thudded against her ribcage, threatening to beat right out of her chest. Before she had time to react, his lips were on hers once more, this time more urgently. Alex opened her mouth a little, letting his tongue dance with hers. She could taste his need and was certain he could feel hers, as she gripped him close to her.
She wasn't sure how long they stood, locked in a tight embrace as if they couldn't get close enough. Her mind swirled and she moaned into his mouth, unable to hold it back. He groaned back, pulling her flush against him. His hands were in her hair, against her cheeks, on her lower back, caressing her and holding onto her for dear life. The need for him made her nipples harden against his chest muscles and set off a flurry of tingles to spread from her belly, to between her thighs.
Oh. My. God.

Alex pushed her hands against his chest and broke free from his embrace. "I'm sorry. I can't do this."
"Wh-why?" Ian panted, the surprise evident on his face. His lips were swollen and his eyes glazed over with desire. "Am I that bad? Did I do something wrong?"
"No! No, not at all. It's just..."
Mark was my boss. I can't repeat that mess.

"Just what?" he asked patiently, looking confused rather than angry like she would have expected.
Don't tell him. You can't influence his job decision or he'll grow to resent you like Mark did.
"I..." She gestured towards her car. "...just need to get home. I'm sorry."
Ian bit his lip and nodded, ducking his head down. It took all her strength not to chase him down as she got in her car and closed the door. Alex rested her forehead on the steering wheel and took a deep, shaky breath, trying to steady herself.
It's for the best.

"Poor guy," she said aloud, frowning. Maybe her subconscious was wrong?
Don't be stupid. What if it all ends badly? You would have to move and start over again.

Alex sighed, knowing the logical side of her was right, but she couldn't help wishing it to be different. She would love to be with Ian. He was funny and so charming, yet fear held her back. Alex really liked him, even though she hadn't known him long. She growled and smacked the steering wheel, then started the car. She concentrated a little too hard on the speed limit and didn't bother turning on the radio, too upset to be cheered up.
Her mother's words rang in her ears.
Sometimes it's okay to wallow...
"Home sweet home," she said, pushing the thought out of her head. Alex had spent far too much time angry and sad with Mark. No more wallowing for her.
When she got inside, she half expected to see Ian in the elevator, but he wasn't there. Her phone rang from the table in the foyer as soon as she closed her door. She picked it up reluctantly, the caller ID saying it was the Devil herself, Susan. Alex pressed her back against the nearby wall and took a deep breath, at once feeling drained. She debated hitting ignore, but figured it might be counterproductive enough to get her fired.
"Hello?"
Please don't be calling me back to work for some inane emergency. I'm exhausted.

"Alex? That is a terrible way to answer your phone. Have I taught you nothing?" Susan chided, sounding slightly miffed.
Seriously?
"I'm sorry, Susan." Alex rolled her eyes, trying to remain polite and keep the disdain out of her voice.
"You are forgiven." There was a dramatic pause. "I called to tell you something very important. Are you sitting down?"
What could she possibly be calling to tell me?
"Yes." Alex slid down the door until she hit the floor. "Is everything okay?"
"It is, thank you. Now just listen."
Alex bit her lip to prevent a groan from escaping her lips. Susan was so controlling sometimes. Okay, all the time.
"I was going to call you into my office tomorrow, but to hell with it. I'm getting too old to wait. How would you like to be the publisher?"
"What?" Alex sat up straight, thinking her ears had deceived her. "Are you serious?"
What about Ian?
"Of course. I'm always serious."
It's true. She is.

"Why...why me? I mean, not that I don't want the job, because I do, but it's your job." Alex licked her lips, cursing her inability to form coherent sentences in a pinch. "I don't understand."
"Oh, cut the crap. I know Ian told you. He's a blabbermouth. Always has been."
How much did he tell her?
"Right." Alex smiled. Honesty apparently ran in the family.
"I don't have all night, my dear. I'm tired andold.Do you want it or not?"
"I do. Thank you so much for considering me." Alex paused, biting a fingernail. "I don't want to look a gift horse in the mouth or anything, but why would you give it to me? Why not Ian?"
"I offered it to him earlier today. He turned me down just a few minutes ago and suggested you would be better qualified. After checking with your references, I agreed with him. You come highly recommended by your old publisher."
Mark? But why would he do that? Also, why would Ian turn her down?

"Oh."
"Yes. Well, we will discuss everything first thing in the morning. I will teach you all I know."
"Sounds like a plan. Thank you so much. Again. This has always been my dream." Alex couldn't stop smiling, even though confusion tried to cloud her happiness.
"Oh, don't go getting all mushy on me now. I need a strong female to run my company. Do you think you can do it?" The tone was clipped, as usual, but this time there was a slight warmth.
Or maybe I'm imagining it.

"Yes, Susan. I can do that."
"Good to hear." The other end got so quiet, Alex could swear Susan hung up the phone. "And one more thing, Alex."
"Yes?"
Susan inhaled and exhaled a deep breath before answering. "Don't you hurt my Ian. He's all I have left now."
"I won't," Alex whispered, clutching the phone to her ear. She waited for more, but the line went dead.
She didn't even say goodbye. Rude.

"I'm going to be the publisher." This statement, the act of saying it out loud, felt foreign on her tongue.
When Alex had imagined this moment, she'd thought there would be a party and she would jump for joy, but instead she felt absolutely stunned. The realization hadn't clicked with her yet. She opened the sliding glass doors that led to the balcony right outside her bedroom. It was her favorite part about the apartment. There wasn't much to look at, but the stars looked amazing from here. She could stare at them forever.
I bet they'd look better from the roof.

A bright, but small, flash made Alex blink. She leaned on the railing and looked in the direction of the light. Someone stood in the window across from her with the lights out. She gasped and the silhouetted figure leaned away from the window and a light flickered on, revealing Ian as her Peeping Tom. They waved at each other as he stepped onto his own balcony.
Did he just take a photo of me?

Her question was answered when he lifted the camera equipped with a telephoto lens to his eye and smiled at her. She gave her best sexy pose in her suit and laughed as he snapped a shot. Alex bit her lip, an idea forming in her head. Ever so gently, she took off her jacket and then set it on a nearby chair, the warm air brushing delightfully over her skin.Flash.She pulled off her shirt, with painstaking slowness, wanting to tease him. She dropped the shirt on the ground, in only her bra from the waist up.Flash. Flash.
Can he see how hard my nipples are right now?

Alex had never done anything like this before, but it was exhilarating. The idea of him watching her strip, sent a shiver through her. Next she unzipped and shimmied out of her skirt, even though he probably couldn't see it very well over the tall railing.Flash. Flash. Flash.
She bit her lip, and unhooked her bra with one hand, holding the cups over her breasts. She couldn't see his reaction, but she hoped he was aroused as she was. Her clit throbbed with need and a wet spot formed in her panties. She let the straps fall down her arms and dropped the bra.Flash. Flash. Flash.

I want him so bad...

He put down the camera and looked at her half-naked body. She held up a finger, hoping he could see it without the telephoto lens, and ran back inside her apartment. She threw on a crimson robe. It took a couple of minutes to find what she was looking for and when she did, she rushed back to the balcony. She breathed a sigh of relief to see he still stood across the way.
On her patio table, she scribbled something on the plain white posterboard with her black sharpie and held it up for him to see.
Yourmove.
He picked up his camera once more, to read what it said and then let the device hang around his neck. A couple of seconds later he disappeared from the balcony, closing the doors and turning out the light.
Yes!

Breezing into the bathroom from the balcony, she cleaned up and took stock of herself in the mirror. She was doing something so reckless, but at the same time, it was exciting. For too long she took care of her husband and pushed her feelings to the side, trying to be the perfect wife, while he got to have all the fun. It was her turn.
She jerked when a knock sounded at her door. Her heart was thudding so hard, she was sure he could hear it. Her nerves were jumbled in a confusing combination of nervousness, fear, and excitement. Taking a deep breath to calm herself down, she opened the door with shaking fingers.
"H-hey there, handsome," she stuttered, her anxiety getting the best of her.
So much for being smooth and sexy.

He greeted her with a passionate kiss. His firm lips coaxing her mouth to grant him entrance. Alex did so willingly and with fervor, a fire igniting in her. It was a need so strong, she was being consumed by the mere thought of it.
Ian kicked the door closed and groaned against her lips. Her fingers moved under his shirt, caressing his back with her soft hands. Ian removed his shirt swiftly and untied her robe.
As the silky material fell and pooled at her feet, Alex held her breath. A blush began at her cheeks and ended at her toes, making her skin hot wherever his eyes roamed. Ian removed his socks, shoes, and pants, never taking his eyes off her. The urge to touch him sparked in her as she moved forward, nibbling on her lower lip.
Alex ran her hands over his muscular torso, skimming along his abs, the heat of his skin feverish with need beneath her fingertips. Their lips met once more, savoring one another, exploring uncharted territory. Alex crushed her breasts to his bare chest and wrapped her arms around him, flattening herself against him as if she couldn't get close enough.
Ian cradled her face between his palms as he sucked her lower lip into his mouth. Alex moaned and clutched him tighter still, heat exploding in her body with the wanton desire. He began trailing kisses along her jawline, down to the sweet spot on the left side of her neck. At first he merely brushed his lips against the spot, forcing a shudder to wrack her body.
But when his warm, wet tongue tasted her skin, she gasped. He nibbled on her neck and she threw her head back in a guttural moan, her fingernails digging into his back with wild abandon. Encouraged, Ian's mouth travelled lower, his tongue going around and around her nipples in a tantalizing tease. Her nipples hardened in anticipation, her breathing fast and heavy.
His hand cupped one breast, his thumb flicking across the firm peak just as he drew her other nipple into his mouth, grazing the bud with his teeth. Alex cried out, her body arching towards him to allow him greater access. His mouth and hands worked together to whip her into a frenzy. His tongue alternated between licking, sucking and nibbling, while his fingers flicked, rubbed, and pinched.
"Please, I can't take much more of this teasing. I want you," Alex whimpered, clutching his hair.
Ian complied with a smug grin, pushing her back towards the bed until she could sit. She lay on her back while he slowly pulled off her black silk panties, and threw them behind him. This made her giggle until he picked up one foot and kissed her toes, moving to the arch. She inhaled sharply and closed her eyes.
Why does that feel so good?

He gently bit the pad of her big toe, sending a shockwave to her groin. Ian kissed his way to her calf, to the back of her knee and up to her thigh. When Alex thought he was going to kiss her right between the legs she tensed and held her breath. He lifted his head a bit, his breath brushing across her bare pussy.
When she realized he wasn't kissing herthere, she let out a soft mewling sound and snuck a peek at him. His smile widened, setting off his dimples once more.
"Have patience."
"Then quit being such a tease," she countered with a small smile.
"But it's all part of the fun."
Alex rolled her eyes and flopped backwards as he picked up her other foot, repeating the whole process on the other side. Then, Ian used the tip of his tongue to lick her clit, eliciting a moan from both of them.
"You taste so good," he breathed, not giving her a chance to respond as his mouth descended, his tongue moving against her expertly.
Alex gripped his head in her hands, needing to hold onto something. Sounds were coming out of her mouth that surprised her, but this only made him lick faster. With one hand, he reached up to tease her breast with his fingers and with another sliding two fingers inside of her. An orgasm began to build in her, coiling her tight like a spring right before its release.
I'm so close.
"You're so wet, baby. Come for me."
His words were her undoing as she let go, her climax coming hard and fast as she rode wave after wave of pleasure. His tongue slowed and he removed his fingers as the last of the tremors subsided. He rose up and removed his red boxer briefs, placing them with the rest of his clothes in a pile.
Ian ripped into a package and pulled out the condom. Starting with the plum-shaped head, he rolled the condom onto his long, thick cock. Alex grinned at him, drinking in the sight of his nude body. She definitely appreciated that he was mindful enough to trim. She crooked a finger at him in a come-hither motion and bit her lip, her face lighting up. Ian let out a soft chuckle as he complied, leaning down to stroke her cheek and kiss her lips.
"That was..." Alex paused, then giggled, a blush sweeping along her cheeks. "Amazing."
"You're amazing," Ian said with sincerity, his eyes wide and bright with excitement.
Ian gave her one more gentle kiss, while she reached down and stroked him. He groaned against her lips, his breathing uneven as she continued her pleasurable assault before guiding him to her pussy. He throbbed against her opening, hot and ready to take her for his own.
He pushed inside, stretching her around him, causing her to cry out and clutch the sheets. He groaned, going as deep as he possibly could. When he was buried to the hilt, he pulled back and thrust deep into her. Alex put her legs on his shoulders as he pumped into her, pounding her hard over and over again.
She moved against him, meeting his thrusts with her own. The familiar building sensation grew inside of her, as she clutched his back and as he leaned forward to bury himself inside of her further still. When she could take no more, her body violently released, her second orgasm rolling through her with as much intensity as the first time.
Unable to help herself, she bit the side of his neck and he came hard, letting out a near animalistic growling sound as his body tensed and shook. He collapsed against her, breathing heavy and rolled onto his back. She nested in the crook of his arm and they both lay there panting.
Her body glistened with sweat and his was slick with moisture, but she didn't care as she pressed her ear against his chest to listen to his heart thumping. Glowing in the aftermath of her pleasure, she giggled, peeking up to see him smiling ear to ear with his eyes half closed.
"Wow."
"Wow, indeed," he responded, wrapping his arms around her and turning over onto his side to face her.
Alex kissed him, savoring the salty taste of his lips and the still sweet minty freshness of his mouth. Alex hooked a leg over his hip and bit his lip as she grazed his stubbled cheek with her fingertips. He chuckled and closed his eyes to savor the feeling of her hand on his face.
"So, there's something else I'd like to try, when we've both recovered."
"Oh, really? Do tell." He propped himself up and looked down at her, tracing her features with a lazy finger.
"Elevator sex." She giggled, blushing from head to toe.
His eyes lit up. "Race you," he challenged, jumping up and running towards the door with a blanket thrown over his body like a shawl.
"No fair!" Alex yelled as she raced off after him with a sheet wrapped tightly around her.
Oh, it's on now...Alex thought with a wide grin.It is so on.