As I stated in Part I, this is a true story that happened in the summer of 2020. I've slightly changed or consolidated some of the events for efficiency, but the gist of this story is absolutely true. I hope you enjoy it.
Part II: The Cum Tribute
Our story left off at the moment Sherry and I were sitting on my back porch, drinking alcohol, and watching the nanny cam clip of me "dancing" naked, as Sherry put it. I was buzzed and feeling amazing, and I wanted to do something to keep the horny fun going. Her husband was working late and we didn't have to worry about him wondering where she was. You may think I was about to try to make a move on her physically but this isn't that type of story. Instead, this attractive female friend of over 10 years was about to gain intimate knowledge of me, and we would soon reach the brink of a sexual affair without having so much as a kiss. It's a level of flirting and teasing I still can't believe we pulled off without fucking each other.
Sherry was leaning on me while we sat on my porch and we were both a bit drunk. She had finally put her phone down after watching the clip of my thick dick wagging in front of my nanny cam.
"Now that you've seen me naked I'd say we're at a different level of our friendship," I said.
She laughed and said, "I'd definitely say so!" We chatted playfully and soon we were talking about our sex lives. I heard more about her and her husband than I ever had before. She talked about places they fucked, some of the kinks they have, and how she used to give a lot of hand jobs as a teenager. Her guard was definitely down so I decided to share some of my own intimate details so she didn't feel alone. I told her about my ex-wife having very low libido and I had plenty of sexual frustration during the years leading up to our divorce. Soon I was telling Sherry something no one else knew... I had an online profile where I flirted and sexted with women... And I did cum tributes.
Sherry sat up at this point and looked at me inquisitively. "You did what?" she asked. I paused and realized how bold the alcohol had made me. I considered backing off and changing the subject, but I was too horny to stop.
"Have you ever heard of a cum tribute?" I asked. She sat still for a moment, wondering if she heard me right.
She chuckled and said, "A what?"
I repeated, "A cum tribute... It's where a guy... jerks off to a woman's photo and shows it to her." She laughed again and seemed to think I was messing with her.
"Are you serious?" she asked. My heart pounded as I let the alcohol take over and pushed into uncharted territory. I took her empty drink glass out of her hand and set it on the porch, then asked her to open the Twitter app on her phone. She was hesitant but she unlocked her device and handed it to me.
I worried I had started to weird her out but she was still in a playful mood. She watched as I opened the app and changed her "explicit content" settings, and then I searched for my secret Twitter account.
"What's this?" she said as the page loaded and she started to see porn on her phone screen. I had plenty of liquid courage in me but I was still quite bashful as I explained my anonymous online profile. I could feel my face was burning red and my heart was beating fast. I had never told anyone about this and never thought I would. It was exciting to be this open with her and, although it was risky, I couldn't resist taking the chance.
I scrolled through my Twitter page and we saw plenty of images of my hard cock hovering over photos of pretty women.
"You'd be surprised how many women ask for stuff like this," I said. "They love knowing their photos turn men on." My heart was pounding as I tried to read Sherry's reaction.
She was quiet for a moment then she asked, "So they ask you to put your dick on their picture?" She chuckled and I knew she was thinking this was a little bizarre.
"Sometimes that's all they want," I said. "But they usually want to see me cum on their picture." She seemed a bit confused but continued to look at my personal porn.
"Wait, are these video clips?" she said as she realized some of the images she was looking at were actually video thumbnails. Before I could answer she tapped one and started playing it.
The clip began with a view of a beautiful, fit blonde with big tits wearing a skimpy bikini. Gradually it was revealed the photo was displayed on my computer monitor, which I had laying on its side. Soon my hard cock came into frame and I was stroking it. Sherry let out a slight gasp and then chuckled to hide it. It wasn't long before the video showed my dick erupting with sperm. I coated the photo of the hot blonde with a large, thick load of cum. The clip ended with a shot of my erect penis hovering over my computer screen, dripping with the last drops of semen.
My heart was still pounding like crazy and my cock was hard and straining against my pants. I didn't even bother to hide the bulge. I couldn't believe Sherry had just watched a video of me jerking off.
She leaned back, looking a little flushed and said, "Wow, look at her." I couldn't tell if she was impressed by the hotness of the woman in the photo or my cum tribute in general. I was still holding her phone and I was about to keep scrolling through my page to see how far I could take this, when the phone started buzzing in my hand...
Her husband was calling.
I nearly jumped out of my seat. Sherry said "Fuck" under her breath and took her phone from me. She stood up and walked a few feet away before she answered. My heart sank and suddenly I felt sick with guilt. I could tell my buzz was quickly wearing off and it seemed Sherry's did too. We were back in reality and I waited anxiously while she was on the call. It wasn't long before she hung up and explained that her husband didn't have to work as late as he expected and was heading home. She was clearly flustered and said she had to leave, so she could get home before he did.
I apologized for showing her what I did and she laughed nervously and told me not to worry about it. "It'll be our secret," she said as she reached to hug me. Then she added, "Let's forget this happened." She kept her hips far from mine as we hugged and I knew she was feeling awkward or guilty, or both. After she left I sent her a text message apologizing again and I waited all night for a response, but I never heard back. That night I went to bed depressed that I may have crossed the line and ruined the fun, flirty relationship we had.
I woke up the next morning to find a couple of new text messages. Sherry has told me she takes sleeping pills and can get loopy before she falls asleep, and I could immediately tell she had texted me late at night while she was a little doped up. There were plenty of misspellings but luckily I could understand what she was trying to say, and it was thrilling... She said how she watched more videos on my dirty Twitter page and they were a "huge turn on." So much so that she thought about me when she and her husband had sex that night. I immediately opened my Twitter app to see I had one new follower ... and it was Sherry. My mood quickly flipped from depressed to excited and horny.
I wrote her an innocent text simply saying "Good morning" with a winking emoji.
She responded a short while later saying "Omg, I can't believe what I texted you last night. Can we forget that happened? Lol" She was clearly embarrassed.
I replied, "Of course. Don't worry about it. It will be hard for me to forget but we don't have to make a big deal out of it." She thanked me and then was quiet for a few days, and she didn't stop over as often to check on my dog. I badly wanted to talk more with her about what she had seen and how it turned her on, but I forced myself to be a gentlemen and didn't bring it up.
I couldn't stop thinking about how she revisited my Twitter page. She isn't very tech savvy so I knew this required a good amount of effort on her part. There was no doubt she wanted to look at my cock and watch me jerk off. As the week went on, I noticed she was still following me on Twitter, which either meant A) she forgot she had followed me, B) she didn't know how to unfollow me, or C) she was going back for more.
It was amazing to think Sherry could be regularly looking at my collection of personal porn. In addition to cum tributes, I have plenty of straight up dick pics and videos of myself simply jerking off onto a towel. I can shoot pretty big loads and I love to show off that "talent." I'm definitely an exhibitionist and having Sherry see all of this dirty content of mine was literally a fantasy come true.
After waiting a week or so to chat with her, I was excited to get a weekend message from her saying she was in the mood for "silly texting," as she put it. She had had a night of drinking with one of her girlfriends, and her husband had passed out early. It was late and I was almost ready for bed, but I definitely perked up when I could tell she was drunk. It wasn't long before she told me she had been looking at porn earlier that night with her girlfriend.
I joked and asked, "Was it anything of mine?"
She responded, "No... but that Twitter of yours is pretty hot!" I smiled to myself and my cock was already growing in my shorts. I could tell she was pretty drunk and she wasn't shy at all. It wasn't long before she asked "Have you ever thought about doing a pic of mine in one of those videos of yours?"
This was another fantasy come true. She was asking me if I had thought about cum tributing her. Anyone who has done a cum tribute online knows it's difficult to verify your tribute subject is real. So many men catfish you, pretending to be women just to watch you jerk off to photos of their girlfriends, wives, sisters, moms... or whoever they want to see wanked over. I never thought I'd be able to do a tribute for a woman I knew personally. And I certainly never thought it would be Sherry.
Her question made me instantly hard. I responded, "Well.. yes.. but I never did it because I thought that would be crossing a line between us."
She said, "Yeah you're probably right... It's fun to think about though! Lol" I said I agreed and then she added, "I'm wondering what pic of mine you'd choose." I could easily answer that question because I knew of a handful of selfies from her Facebook page that would be perfect for a cum tribute. I thought about suggesting she take some naughty photos for me to jerk off to, but I reminded myself she was married and I needed to maintain at least a few boundaries with her. Instead I took screenshots of some of her Facebook photos and sent them to her.
She was flattered and surprised by the ones I chose. After a minute or two of silence she reciprocated the compliments and said, "That Twitter is perfect stuff! Lol... Hell, if I was single I would have fooled around with you by now." After knowing Sherry for over 10 years and keeping our flirting to an innocent level, this was the first time she directly said she wanted to get down and dirty with me. I relished this moment and told her I was flattered. Then she added, "Yep, I've definitely wanted to do 'more' with you lately, especially after seeing these videos. Holy shit!"
At this point, I was in heaven. My shorts were getting so wet with pre-cum I decided to pull them off. My cock was rock hard and glistening, and I lay in bed naked below the waste. I started to stroke myself and I had so much pre-cum I didn't even need lube. If I had been drunk I may have told Sherry what I was doing, but since I was sober I decided to avoid straight up sexting with my married friend...
The moment I had that thought I got a new text from her. "Okay now I'm looking at your porn.. lol" Then she sent a screenshot to prove it. She was looking at one of my dick pics. It was a POV shot of my hard-on, which is thick, circumcised, and 7 inches long. I never considered my dick to be huge but apparently Sherry did ... "This one makes you look enormous!" she said, and then followed that up by saying I was "definitely" bigger than her husband. I could feel myself blushing and my heart pounded. I thanked her and kept stroking, and it felt amazing.
Before I could text back she sent another screenshot, and this time it was a still shot of one of my cumshot videos. This wasn't a cum tribute; it was a POV clip of me stroking myself and shooting several ropes of white jizz onto a black towel. It was one of my best cumshots, consisting of 14-15 spurts of semen, and at least half of those got good distance.
When Sherry showed me she had watched this, I almost came right then. Luckily she distracted me with a bunch of silly comments. "Jesus. It looks like Elmer's School Glue... lol... How do you keep your towels from getting all stiff?" she asked with another "lol." After that she wondered how I held my phone so well while recording myself masturbating. "How do you not drop it into your jizz? Lol..." Before I could answer she said, "And how do you clean your computer after you squirt all over it?"
I absolutely loved this hot, yet silly conversation. Somehow laughing and talking frankly with Sherry about my cum was hotter than sexting with her. I had less guilt I was sharing something so dirty with a married woman because we weren't directly talking about having sex with each other. Instead, she was just describing what she saw and sharing her reactions with me... and it was amazing. I got off knowing strangers were watching me, but now I had this sexy longtime friend looking at my cock and my cumshots. That was a feeling I'll never forget.
At that point in our text conversation, her spelling was getting worse and I could tell she might be fading, either from the alcohol or her nightly sleeping pill. Or both. I had been struggling to text her with one hand on my phone and the other on my wet cock, so I asked if she was getting tired. I fought the temptation to tell her how much this conversation was turning me on, and how I was stroking myself. I started moving to my office where I kept my cum tribute monitor and that's when she wrote back that she was, in fact, really tired and also a bit "fucked up." Her text was barely legible so I knew she was telling the truth.
I pulled up one of my favorite selfies of her and set it up on my tribute monitor. In the photo she was all dressed up, with nice hair and makeup and a sexy low cut top. She had lovely D-cup tits and this pic showed plenty of cleavage. I was extremely horny and, although I felt guilty that I was practically sexting with a married woman, I didn't want it to end. I decided to finally just come right out and tell her what I was doing ...
"I may be preparing to do your tribute right now. Any requests?" I asked. My heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing. I wasn't even sure if she'd respond since she was clearly out of it. My mind raced with the implications of this moment, especially considering she was very inebriated. Would she send me a dirty photo of herself for my cum tribute? Where would this go next? Would we continue to escalate our relationship and turn this into a full blown affair? I was so close to cumming I decided to ignore the feelings of guilt and enjoy this pinnacle of sexual tension between us.
Suddenly I got a response from her. I had to decipher the jumbled words in her text but she said... "Nice! Since it's all for fantasy go ahead and do it! And I'd like to see your face in it." This almost pushed me over the edge, so I quickly got her photo blown up on my computer monitor and laid it on its back. Then I got one final message from her ... "Just don't post it on Twitter!"
I was extremely close and scrambled to get my camera app open to record Sherry's cum tribute. The second I pressed record I could feel my orgasm building. I turned the camera toward my face, as she requested, and I moaned and closed my eyes to let her see how good this felt. Then I pointed my phone back toward my cock as I stroked it over her photo. I lasted maybe three more seconds before my load erupted.
The first shot of cum was powerful and sailed clear over the monitor. I adjusted my aim and squirted the rest of my semen all over the screen. Multiple forceful shots burst from my erection and landed all over her photo. It was an excellent load and she was totally covered. I let the camera linger over my pulsing, dripping cock as it hovered above her cum plastered pic. Then I pressed stop and sat down to enjoy my post orgasm bliss. I watched the tribute I had just recorded and was proud of it. I counted 15 spurts of cum, which was a testament to how hot this moment was between me and Sherry.
I went to bed that night fantasizing about watching the clip with her together. I certainly wasn't going to post it on Twitter since it showed both of our faces, and I knew it was too risky to send it to her via text. So I had to keep the video hidden on my phone until I had the chance to show her...
EPILOGUE
It turns out that chance didn't come for a long time. It may be disappointing to know that things calmed down quite a bit between me and Sherry after that. I ended up meeting a woman and we really hit it off. It wasn't long before we were engaged. Sherry was happy that I had found love but she still tried to sneak in an occasional flirt session with me, and I could tell she was still watching my nanny cams once in a while. I gave her a show here and there because I couldn't resist casually showing her my cock. I also still had the urge to show her my tribute, and even though it took months, we were finally able to arrange one last drinking session alone.
That was my chance to finally show her the video of me jerking off to her photo. We watched it a few times and she was definitely into it. She said she was impressed and I'm pretty sure she said "Good job" at least once or twice as we watched the video multiple times. That part is a little hazy because I got very drunk.
Now that I had a fiancé, the feeling of guilt was strong and I drank so much I got sick. Sherry, being the sweetheart she is, had to help me get home. She didn't let anything else happen between us that night and she helped me come up with an excuse to tell my fiancé, who hadn't heard from me that night because I passed out early from the booze.
I still can't believe Sherry and I got to the point that I was masturbating for her. I was definitely tempted to keep naughty moments like this going with my longtime friend, but I needed to be "good" and let this fling fade. We still chat often, though, and sometimes we'll vaguely reference my cum tribute or my "Slipper Dance" in front of the pet nanny cam.
Before I got married, I changed the nanny cam passwords and Sherry stopped following my dirty Twitter account. I almost deleted it but I knew there was a chance she could still find it if she wanted, and the thought of her continuing to look at my personal porn was too tempting. So the account is still active and I occasionally update it with new posts.
I love my wife and she certainly pleases me sexually, but I admit I often think of Sherry watching my nakedness... watching my cock swinging in front of the nanny cam... watching videos of me shooting big loads of cum... and thinking of her reactions to those dirty images of mine helps me get off to this day. I'm still impressed she and I didn't cross any lines physically, and I often think she and I likely would have crossed those lines if I hadn't met my wife when I did. It's a level of teasing I don't think I'll ever experience again, and it remains a secret only Sherry and I share.