Author's Note:Please read this series sequentially to get a better understanding. That being said, let's continue.
Chapter's Notes:This chapter has new character introductions, some of which would continue as recurring characters in future chapters.
* * * * *
Reggie drove his truck towards the awfully familiar mansion and parked it outside. Three others, along with Reggie, went towards the main entrance and pressed the button to request their entry.
Scarlet "Rose" Wilson (how she got the nickname Rose is a story for another time). If you look at Rose, she was the ridiculously cute girl next door, a little shorter than 5'3", beautiful blonde hair with a very well-toned body.
Best asset though for her was her tits, a genuinely nice 28DD, massive for her size. Anyone who didn't know her intimately would automatically assume what her role would be in her lesbian relationships, because of her sweet and cute looks. But by doing so they were making a huge mistake. Rose didn't enjoy traditional relationships and was a dominatrix.
Rose was a professional artist, featured in some of the city's biggest exhibitions (curtsy to Tyrone). She is Tyrone's best friend since probably when they were 3 or 4 years old. Tyrone loved Rose and didn't even remember since when, but after she told him about her sexuality, which was heartbreaking for him, but he accepted it.
He had fucked a lot of girls but loved none. Rose knew about his feelings, that's why whenever he needed any kind of help from her, she would exceed all expectations for him.
She felt guilt in her heart because Tyrone accepted her sexuality, but still could not move on. This makes little sense, but again people are complex creatures and don't do things the way they're supposed to.
Jamie and Rick Jones were brothers and were Tyrone's only close white friends from university. They had recently graduated and started their master's in chemistry. Both had taken a course of physics under Jessica just because Tyrone wanted it.
Genetically gifted, both brothers boast lean muscles. With Jamie being 6'2" and Rick 6'4", but overall, Rick was luckier with girls. It was not like Jamie didn't have any luck. He was more focused on his studies.
As they reached the front door, it opened automatically and sound from the small speaker which was not visible from naked eye said, "All the way into the main living room." This was a gigantic mansion where Tyrone lived alone, since he trusted tech, he had invented more than people.
Tyrone had a cleaning and maintenance crew, along with cooking staff for him, but they never stayed. Once they have finished their job, instructions were simply to leave instantly. Everyone knew the AI algorithms written by his tech staff recorded and watched every corner of that mansion. Even a slightly abnormal behavior while in the premises would in real-time trigger alert to Tyrone's phone, so no one dared to stay in for even a second longer than needed.
Tyrone's brother loved him joining the gang full time because now they were the only sophisticated and tech savvy gang in the entire nation. Some gadgets that his research group has developed were straight out of spy movies.
Because of this, there was no criminal competition for their group. Every other smaller gang has agreed to work under them. Hence the illegal money they now have was just RIDICULOUS.
As all of them entered the main living room area, Rose rushed towards Tyrone and gave him a quick hug. "How's everything going, Ty?" Only 2 people allowed to call him by that nickname Rose and his brother.
As she turned around to check at the video, he was watching on the giant custom made 250" OLED TV. It was the well edited 4K video with high-definition audio of Jessica's weekend escapades. It was the best quality porn anyone could ever hope for.
"Oh my god, she's hot," shouted Rose. "I don't care what you say Ty, but I would need her for at least a weekend."
"You'll have her only in one condition; follow my plan. No free passes on this one. If you can't do it, forget about her," said Ty.
She looked at him and realized that he was serious. There was something about this woman that was different for him. After considering for a moment, she replied, "you got a deal."
What Rose loved about her and gave immediate chills down her spine was Jessica's physical appearance. She was very tall, 5'11", fit at least by the standards of a university professor. Her D cup tits were just the perfect fit for her body and when she saw those big pink nipples, she felt like God made this girl for her, but Ty found her first.
She noticed when fully erect, her nipples were much larger than normal, about an inch. She turned to Reggie. "Am I seeing it right? Her nipples are a little less than an inch tall when erect?"
"When you'll see it in real life, I'd say they'd be a little over an inch, not under," he replied.
This was her dream girl, but the other info was also important to know. "What about her clit?"
"That's even larger couldn't say the exact size though, maybe we can try to measure next time."
She was extremely excited to dominate this girl. "Ty, I just can't wait to get my hands on this one, add me to your plan as soon as possible."
Ty now broke his gaze from the TV and turned towards her, "I liked the overall plan that Reggie had suggested, we need to have some patience and I thought you were the one who convinced me that his plan was the best way forward."
"Yeah, but I hadn't seen her before Ty, it is like god himself pulled out the perfect girl from my dreams. I haven't been so horny just by looking at any girl before and trust me when I say I have seen way sexier girls before. There's just something about her, which makes her look like she's exactly custom made for me."
Ty was extremely jealous now, but he knew there was no need for that, not at least now.
He got up and walked towards Jamie. "Everyone will follow the plan. I have promised you; you'll get her but only in time."
As he reached next to Jamie, who was standing at the other end of the room, "you have had access to my folks since a long time, I hope you made progress?"
"Yes. We have completed our testing and the results are outstanding. If you see the spectrum of results," he took out a piece of folded paper from his pocket, "in the charts printed in this sheet, you will realize we've reached 100% consistent reliability and control on wide variety of data sets. Honestly, we outdid our own expectations."
He took the paper and started analyzing the data in the charts and was happier with the results.
"I am extremely happy with the results, Jamie. You guys are amazing. Rick, what about your team? I hope results are similar."
Rick replied to this question, "man both teams worked in sync with each other so the results that you're seeing are for both our teams."
"Wow! Reggie, get these things manufactured, as per exact instructions that both Jamie & Rick will share. Other important job for you is to get Rose in touch with those artists. I know there will be some back and forth, but I need fast results."
"Yes, the guy I talked to said he has the best people you can find in the entire world. If they can't do it, then no one else can. They said to travel with the entire team and match with your timeline and schedule will end up costing way more than their initial quote."
"I don't care about the money, tell them we can pay more than what they're asking but if I find even smallest flaw in their work, no one's going to go back home alive."
"Sure, will do boss."
"About those pills. What were you thinking, Reggie? When did I give you permission to give her those pills? You better have an explanation for it."
"I didn't have the idea as well that Terry will give her those pills. He got soft on her. He said without the pills there was no way for her to go that far physically. But honestly, her body responded well to those pills, she could have easily fucked overnight and still next morning wouldn't have felt a thing."
He continued while remembering the weekend. "Those pills quite prolonged the effects on her, so I would say 2 pills a day is enough for her to get her doing whatever is needed. I had given her a bottle of 100 pills. Those pills are extremely effective as well as addictive, so if she takes those for a week, her body won't function without them anymore."
"And who gave you permission to do that, Reggie? Terry will face the consequences of what he did, and so will you. I don't want her to do anything while on drugs; she had to be completely sane minded while going through her degradation process. Remember one thing: I will use nothing artificial to change her thinking process. She has to feel all the guilt, knowing everything was her decision only."
"Sorry boss. It won't happen again."
When he turned around, he saw Rose's eyes fixed on the TV screen with a mesmerized look on her face so to tease her. He picked the remote and turned the TV off. She yelled at him, "What the fuck Ty, I was watching it."
"It's time for work; you're not here for that. I gave you the selections from all the options that you sent. Now that you've seen her, what do you think?"
"No. Not your fault, it was mine. Lack of imagination, I guess. She's my dream girl Ty and I want it to be amazing and like never imagined kind of thing. I need to go back and begin with nothing. You'll have something unbelievable by tomorrow morning 9."
"You know there's another team that needs to work on them, right? Don't overcomplicate things just because you're lusting all over her."
"Please Ty, you're asking me to wait, then I need at least this. Tell you what, just wait till tomorrow morning and if you don't like what I come up with then send your choice."
"Okay, morning 9 is the deadline then." turning back to Reggie he said, "you have the biggest role to make sure everything is successful and on schedule. Don't disappoint me again and get things rolling."
"Don't worry boss, I will not disappoint you that's a promise."
"Okay, you guys can leave, then. Rose and I have something to discuss. I'll drop her back so no need to worry."
As they left the mansion, both Ty and Rose sat down on the couch. Rose asked curiously, "you know you're spending way too much money on her and there's no way to recover that kind of money even if you end up illegally selling her."
"Who told you I have any plans to make any money from her or even sell her in future?"
"No? Then I don't understand what's the whole point of all this that you're planning and doing?"
"Okay, I'll tell you, but you need to shut up about this. I don't want people around me thinking I'm mentally not stable." After she nodded, he continued, "My brain needs something to focus on every day otherwise I can't sleep at night."
He continued in a serious tone, "when I was in university my research time covered most of it and making sure I have my focus to remain on the right track even after having one foot in hell. Then she got me expelled and now I am completely in hell, there was no way forward."
"I felt lost in this deep mysterious world where I didn't want to be but had no choice. So, I found a ray of light in the tech world, since it was also my hobby, I made it my passion and profession. I created an entire team of underprivileged people, gave them money and resources to create something game changing in the world of tech."
"In my head, I'm not the co-owner of a criminal enterprise but handling a highly sophisticated and technical company that invents innovative hardware and software on its own. Within next 3 years I had finished the setup for the entire enterprise and team could successfully work on their own."
"They didn't need my technical inputs as much anymore. Now I was back to square one, not able to sleep at all. Then I got the idea of another hobby, Jessica. She's not my way to earn money; she's my long-term hobby, where I'll fallback whenever my professional workload is low."
Looking at how serious he was and how important Jessica had become for his mental peace, she had to drop the idea of someday making her a full-time personal slave.
She knew she can have her whenever needed but not full-time. She finally sighed loudly and said, "Okay Ty, I'll definitely make sure that you get best out of me for her. But I have a question. You're considering her a hobby, but how long could you fuck her? You'll eventually get bored with her."
Ty replied, "you know, crazy part, I don't want to fuck her body. For that I have enough people. I want to fuck her head. I want her to feel her degradation and continuous regrets of her life decisions. That is why I don't want to influence her brain with any artificial drug, because that gives her reason to throw the blame at the drug. She cannot blame anyone or anything but herself."
"What if she makes decisions, not as per our plan?" asked Rose curiously.
"You don't need to worry about that EVERYTHING IS PLANNED. I have plans for all outcomes already," Ty said with special emphasis on everything is planned.
"I thought you were still following Reggie's plan. Did he make such a detailed plan?"
Ty laughed, "I didn't think you to be such naïve person. I'll tell you one simple step to lead a group of people which you should always remember. Every cog in a giant machinery needs to FEEL they are irreplaceable." Again, he put special emphasis on the word feel.
"Am I also a cog in this giant machinery?"
"If you need to ask that question then probably you don't deserve the answer."
"I never thought of you being such a sophisticated planner. Anyway, what were you about to discuss before I derailed your train of thoughts."
Ty had nothing important to say to her. He just wanted her by his side for a while. So, they chatted about some mundane things for the next few hours. And then he dropped her back to her home.
* * * * *
Lost in her own thoughts, "What will he do to me today after work? How long would I be able to keep up with this? Eventually Jason will find out, what will happen then? He'll divorce me. I can't even imagine my life without Jason."
She was in her deep trance when she heard some mumbling and came back to reality there was a student next to her desk asking something, but she didn't hear what he said. "Sorry, Jamie, I must have been daydreaming. What was your question again?"
Jamie already knew the reason she's out-of-focus today. He had already seen the nice video at Tyrone's house before coming to university this morning.
He pretended to not know anything and said, "Ms. Peterson, I have a few questions about the topic we discussed today. Quantum mechanics is not my strength if I'm being honest with you."
He asked a few questions about quantum mechanics, which he already knew the answers to, but wanted to talk to the beautiful teacher. While talking to her he realized her deep blue eyes were just mesmerizing if you look at them with sexual intentions, and he was looking into them with extreme lust.
After seeing this most explicit video footage of his professor, he just couldn't control his lust anymore. Everyone in the university who has seen her or studied in her class knows that she was beautiful, but no one had any idea what a smoking bombshell she was because of her conservative loose fitted clothes while she's working at the university.
By the time the lecture was over he had a hard-on, and his brain was signaling him to blackmail her, to fuck him right now. But he knew better. Fucking up with Tyrone's plans is never a clever idea. Any lust is not good to lose your life over.
He knew he was a close friend to Tyrone but not as close as Rose, hence no free passes to make mistakes. He was extremely jealous of Rose. She could do whatever she wanted, and Ty would let it slide. Not the case with anybody else. He quietly left and rushed to men's restroom, went to a corner stall, and jerked off to calm himself down.
It was 5:30 now and Jessica was driving towards the Starbucks, where Tyrone will meet her. She had butterflies in her tummy, extremely nervous and not sure what to expect. Was he going to fuck her now? Well, since what she had already done over the weekend, it wouldn't be so terrible to fuck him.
But something in her was telling her things will not be the same. He knows she had already fucked so many of the black strangers, so fucking few more won't make a difference. So, she knew things are going to escalate, but how? What more can he do to escalate things even further?
There were barrages of constant questions spiraling around her brain, and now she was getting increasingly anxious. Finally, she had parked her car in the parking lot of the required Starbucks. She took a few deep breaths and got out of the car.
Looking at her Apple Watch, she saw it was 5:50, 10 minutes earlier than needed. She ordered nothing, but went straight outside and took the same corner table as before. Now it was a waiting game and soon she'll know what's needed from her.
She saw Tyrone walking towards her, but with him were few more guys that she did not know who they were.
As he sat down on the chair opposite to her and said to her by placing a large sheet of paper in front of her, "first things first, fill this form completely and be sure not to have single information incorrect and do it quickly these guys have a lot of work to do and can't keep on waiting here."
She grabbed the pen given to her by one guy and looked down at what this form was. As she read the form, tears started rolling down her eyes and she looked up pleadingly and said, "Please, Tyrone, don't do this. It'll ruin my entire life if I fill this form."
"Well, you have a choice to make, and I can't keep on repeating what's at stake here, so what I'll do," taking out his phone and opening timer app, "start a 2-minute timer and if time reaches 0 and you have not started filling the form, I'll grab the form and pen and you'll never see me again. You already know what that means," and then started the timer and placed the phone at center of the table so she can clearly see the timer running down.
As she started contemplating what will happen if she fills all the details honestly vs. if she refuses. She saw timer going down to 10, 9, 8... And she gave up and started filling the form instantly.
This form had fields for usernames and passwords for everything she ever owned in her life. All personal emails, social media accounts, her university work related accounts, iPhone and Apple Watch passcodes, personal MacBook and even the home security account that they have.
Since her husband works for a cybersecurity company, he had installed entire smart home features. The application of the smart home security provider can run everything via phone remotely.
Anything missed means intentional attempt to hide information. It took her around 15 minutes to remember and write everything on that paper. Now they had access to her entire personal and professional life. Fucking some strangers in a hotel penthouse was much easier than this for sure.
When she gave the pen and paper to that guy, Tyrone said, "You made the right decision, but I hope you didn't miss a single thing for Mike's sake. Now the next part, give them your iPhone, watch and purse."
Before she could even process what happened, all her possessions were now in their hands. Tyrone told them, "Okay, boys, get to work, no mistakes. Oh, and give her university RFID badge to Jake. His team will handle that side. Don't worry about janitors, security staff and all, let's just say today everyone's off duty from that portion of the university."
Hearing their orders, everyone left.
As he turned towards her, she was crying profusely now. She tried to beg him, but the words were just too incoherent to make any sense out of them. He just coldly told her there's no point in crying and begging now, as the new plan is already in effect and various teams of people have already left to perform their assigned tasks.
There are 85 people right now divided into different teams, all of them are highly efficient in their jobs have started already. They should finish all their tasks by 11 pm tonight and she'll get everything back again after that.
After another 15 minutes, she was much calmer now. She realized that crying unnecessarily won't help with anything.
Once she was in a stable condition, Tyrone said, "Now I want you to listen carefully because I don't like to repeat anything I say again. From now on your entire life will run by my set of rules. Breaking any rule or even partial rule would mean punishment. Punishments will be at my discretion and with each violation punishments will escalate exponentially. So, in short you don't want to break any rule in any circumstance. Do you understand?"
"Yes, I understand," was all she could say, which was barely audible.
"1 - At all times, no matter where or in front of whomever, you will address me as Master."
"2 - Whenever in presence of me or any of my designated personnel you CANNOT refer yourself in first person. Only options available for you are: THIS SLUT, THIS WHORE or THIS SLAVE. You can choose whichever and to provide more intimate experience you can change THIS with YOUR."
"If I have a preferable word for the day, I'll let you know. Then other options will not be available."
"3 - All commands given by me or any of my designated personnel need to be followed immediately without hesitation and exactly as given word by word."
"4 - Today I'll give you a routine to be followed, and it needs to be followed exactly, no matter what the circumstances are."
"5 - All holes of your body are owned by me, what goes in which hole, I will explicitly decide or sometimes by designated personnel. Which means you cannot have any cock or cunt touching any of your wholes without explicit permission. That includes your husband; he cannot fuck you until I tell you he can."
"That also includes your own fingers; apart from regular cleaning and shower time, you WILL NOT and CANNOT even touch any of your sexually sensitive body parts without my explicit permission."
"6 - When in my presence or any of my designated personnel you will not speak a single word until given permission to do so. If you have a question, you will raise your hand and if given the permission can ask your question otherwise to wait till, we grant the permission."
"7 - After tonight you will notice your entire wardrobe to be updated and after tonight you cannot wear anything outside of that wardrobe unless explicitly approved by me."
"8 - I can add any rule to the list permanently or temporarily upon my discretion and will have to be followed under all circumstances."
"Nod, if you understand all rules and can remember them at all times? Also keep on reciting these 8 rules of your life each morning you wake up; I can ask them. Forgetting any rule or part of the rule will cause serious punishment."
She nodded, but her brain was blank and did not know how she could live her life by following all these rules. But then she remembered one important thing and needed to ask so without breaking the rule she raised her right hand as if in a class trying to ask a question from a teacher.
"I am giving you permission to ask this one question. Make sure it's worth it coz I won't allow you to speak after this, tonight."
"Your slave begs her master to grant her exception for upcoming thanksgiving where she has already invited her brother for dinner and following that on 30th November is your slave's 9th anniversary and her husband will expect to fuck her."
Trying her best she continued, "can this slave's master be so gracious and grant her permission to do thanksgiving dinner and just once at the night of her anniversary allow her husband to fuck her?"
This was so difficult to say in a public place for her. She was glad that she sat in a corner seat outside, so most likely no one would have heard her. Only thing that helped her able to achieve this task was she desperately needed to do both items in her request so thought that stroking his ego might help her in getting the permission.
It surprised Tyrone for few seconds that she could adapt to the rules so fast, but he didn't show it on his face and pretended to be considering her request. Thinking through his plan, he wanted to make sure it won't affect anything for the future.
"If I consider giving you permission to either or both requests, there will be a heavy cost to it. Are you willing to accept any cost?"
She thought for probably a few seconds and then realized that she'll have to do what he says anyway so this would be a trick question, "yes master, your slave will accept any cost."
"Then I grant you permission to host the thanksgiving dinner but condition for it is that you cannot eat anything you'll cook for that dinner. You will only eat whatever allowed by me. And don't worry about your husband expecting anything from you during your anniversary. I'll take care of it."
Checking her expressions, he continued, "you will spend your December vacations with me. I have many plans during that time. Don't worry my team will apply for it appropriately at your work soon."
She was afraid, and it was clear in her face. Completely terrified, she raised her hand again. This time he told her she's done with her one question limit for the night, and it was not a request.
What was she supposed to tell her husband? Why was she going on a Christmas trip without him? Where is she going alone during such important holidays? Work related conference makes little sense when even the university is closed. There were too many alarming questions going on in her head, and then she heard him say that she needs to follow him.
As she got outside, she saw her car was no longer in the parking lot. But she kept following him until she was next to an Audi R8. He opened the trunk and took a box out and handed it over to her.
"I want you to take off your jeans, shoes and socks and put on the stiletto inside. And hurry we have little time left; it's going to be a busy night."
She looked at him pleadingly considering that they were in a public parking with people going in and out. He said sternly, "do it before I add punishment to it, which would make you remove your panties here outside as well and I'll make you walk all the way in the Starbucks and order something for me."
In relation to the punishment, this task sounded much easier, so she began. First her shoes and socks came off, followed by her jeans. He looked at her and gave her a disappointed look that she had plain white cotton panties on. This will change soon, he thought.
As she looked at the stiletto, it must have been at least 6" with ankle straps and pencil heals, shiny black. The moment she put the straps on, something felt weird. The straps must have something changed. But she stood up and looked at him for further instructions.
He took out his phone, did something in it, and she felt the straps tightened even further automatically. He looked at her surprised expressions and replied, "you look confused, don't worry, the straps have smart locks on it, and I can control them by my phone. Now you can't remove these heels unless I want them to be removed."
"The heels also have user replaceable batteries for the lock to function, but you don't have to worry about it, they run for more than a year. So, we're safe for a long time. Also, I have replaced all your footwear from your home with a wide variety of similar stilettoes, all controlled by my phone."
She was standing mortified by what was happening to her, almost naked waist down with such uncomfortable heels with her shoes, socks, and jeans in her hands. He told her to walk all the way to other side of the parking lot, dump everything she had in her hands into the trash can. She knew there was no way around it. So, she tried to cover her panties by her shirt as much as she could and started walking.
Walking with those high pencil heels was extremely difficult since this was the first time for her wearing such heels. Her speed was less than half her normal walking speed. Her entire face turned a bright shade of red when she saw three young men walking towards her from their car. She was beyond paranoid that these boys will just drag her into the parking lot and rape her.
She tried walking faster, but the heels won't allow it. Soon the boys were next to her, staring her top down and clear lust visible in their eyes. Fortunately for her, they went past her towards Starbucks, but not before one guy whistled at her. She sighed heavily in relief and continued walking towards the trash can.
As she turned back after throwing all she had in her hands, Tyrone drove and stopped next to her. She walked towards the passenger seat, opened the door, and heard him say, "Since I was in a pleasant mood, so I came to help you out, but again it'll have a cost. Your shirt needs to join the same fate and only then can you take a seat in this car."
Now she was on the verge of tears and looked around in the parking lot and saw there were few more people parked and going towards the Starbuck. She hesitated and begged him with her moist eyes but again came the threat, "before I add your bra and panties as well to the list you better follow the command."
Quickly she walked back towards the trash can and removed her shirt and threw it as well. Rushing back to his car as fast as she could without looking around the parking lot, not ready the face the world. She sat down in the passenger seat and closed the door. Tyrone drove the car out of the parking lot.
Sitting in just her bra and panties and those uncomfortable heels, tears started flowing. Next few minutes it was complete silence and soon that phase passed on and she wiped her tears. But then she heard the next command, "remove your panties and put it on top of your lap."
She wanted to yell at him. Her brain was telling her she's stupid for going this far. Her tears almost came back, but then somehow against her brain her hands were rolling the panties down. Soon they were off and on top of her lap.
While driving he went to the Audi's MMI controls and adjusted the passenger seat to all the way back and seat tilt angle in a sleeping position. He told her to lean back on the seat and place both her feet on top of the dashboard as wide as the car allows. She followed the instructions with lesser resistance. Next, she had to close her eyes and begin masturbating with three fingers in and thumb rubbing on the clit with her left hand.
She began the task and felt her cunt was already wet during this entire ordeal. With his constant demands to increase the speed and pressure, she felt completely lost in the feelings of pleasure. She heard the windows going down and knew anyone on the road driving near their lane would have a perfect view, but she didn't dare to open her eyes.
He then told her to hold her panties in her right hand and hold it outside the window as if waiving a flag. This time she followed instantly and felt turned-on beyond limits she had known. What was happening to her? How can she enjoy this torment?
The command was explicit; do not cum without permission, eyes closed and fingers moving. Soon her legs started shaking. She had controlled her orgasm for far too long now. He was pushing her limits. She had controlled her limits in that hotel room, but somehow in public view her mind was playing tricks on her. The risk of exposure to someone she knew had turned her way more than she had been in that hotel room.
"Tell me who you are and what you want? If I like your answer, I might allow you to cum."
"I am your humble slave to do as you wish, my ever so gracious master. If my master thinks that his greedy slave deserves, then only, she will cum. Else she'll hold her orgasm as long as her master pleases."
Tyrone was enjoying her quick transformation, but he wanted to push the limits further. "Not good enough answer, my slave, and your fingers are not working hard enough to showcase your desperation."
Suddenly she increased the speed and pressure of her fingers. Her fingers had over-stimulated her g-spot, and her clit was throbbing for release. She continued, "Slave is really sorry to have displeased her master and hope he could forgive her as she's learning to follow his commands."
Tyrone waited further few seconds saying nothing and could see clearly that she was having hardest time controlling herself. As he saw a SUV driving next their lane, he said, "I want you to repeat your desperation as loudly as you can and keep on continuing if I'm convinced then I might allow."
"My master, if you're pleased with your greedy slave, please allow her to cum," she said it but when she heard nothing, she repeated it louder. Still no response. She was too desperate, so she shouted those same words way too loud this time.
"Release those panties from your hands and cum, my little whore."
And with that she let go the panties which flew right past the SUV, and she squirted the lava that was building inside of her cunt from so long. It now covered the windshield in front of her with her fluids, but she continued to squirt more.
The pleasure and grunts were so loud that anyone several meters away from their car can hear them. Anyone not aware of the precursor would assume that there was a woman in the passenger seat peeing all over the windshield glass. Even a couple of minutes after her orgasm was over, her body was still shaking and shivering from the earth-shattering orgasm.
As she opened her eyes upon his command, she saw the SUV was still driving next to her and the driver, a man in his late 50s or early 60s, was staring down at her with his windows rolled down as well. Tyrone commanded her to keep looking at that man's eyes and do not move. As she followed the instructions, she didn't realize the raw lust from her eyes has not gone yet.
Next, he told her to pull her pelvis up, providing a better view of her cunt to the man and open the cunt lips with her fingers. Lost in her lust without understanding what she was doing, she followed the instructions. This man was now dangerously driving without looking at the road ahead.
Tyrone next said, "The man might die if you keep on exposing yourself in such a manner. Sit down, remove your bra and hand it over to that man for his gracious help."
Jessica did as per the command and removed her bra and was now leaning out of the car to reach towards the man who grabbed her bra. He sniffed it and then threw it on the empty passenger seat next to him. Siting completely naked with just her high heels on and her feet still on top of the dashboard, she felt excitement which she didn't want to acknowledge.
This time Tyrone turned left, and the SUV reluctantly went straight. He then brought the windows back up. He then gave her permission to bring her feet back down. She had a funny feeling in her feet as the blood rushed down properly after a long time. The feeling of guilt came back to her of what she had done. The car then came to a complete stop.
She looked outside and realized this was the strip mall that was on the way to her daily commute. Tyrone commanded her she had to leave the car and wear the dress from his trunk. Looking all around when she saw no one outside, she rushed outside towards the trunk to find it locked.
Panic struck her, realizing she was standing completely naked outside in a parking lot of a strip mall with lights still on in the parking lot. She now felt the November's cool breeze and with a shiver she realized her nipples were completely erect now and then the trunk opened.
She found a stretchable shining black sleeveless latex top, and that's it. Not wanting to waste any time, she pulled the top down over her head. It was not an effortless task. It took few minutes to bring it down. She could stretch it even below her ass. It took complete shape of her body as if she wasn't wearing anything and someone had put a black paint on part of her body.
The bottom of her ass cheeks held the hem of that awful top. But one mistake, and it could just roll up, exposing her cunt and ass completely. Other fearful thing was it clearly defined the large erect nipples in the latex. Nothing left for imagination.
As they were walking, he continued saying, "this will be your daily stop twice a day, including Saturdays, unless you're assigned with other tasks that conflict with the timing." She kept quiet and suppressed a deep urge to ask how she will do that with all her work and personal life.
First, they entered a gym plus hot yoga studio and the receptionist nodded at Tyrone as if both knew each other and she was greeting him. They went straight inside the gym where she saw a giant black guy who looked like there were all muscles on him, no fat. He might just have come out of Mr. Universe competition and started a gym here.
As they reached towards him, both Tyrone and this guy shook each other's hands and Tyrone said, "Karl, this is the girl I talked about earlier on the phone. Now you know what to do better than me so I'll be quiet, and you can tell her the schedule that she needs to follow each day with Sunday being the rest day."
He stared at her for a while, like an x-ray machine scanning her whole body. This made her even more cautious. She tried to cover her tits from one hand and other hand went towards her cunt. Her inner thighs still covered with her dried cum, and she smelled like raw sex. Then Karl stopped staring and continued explaining her future routine.
"Sure. Before we continue, let's go upstairs she won't be working out here, I'll have completely private single sessions with her", as they were climbing the stairs to the floor above, she was thinking if her physical body can even endure workouts twice a day, six days a week.
She has always done at max 3-4 workouts a week but here they're suddenly talking increasing it to what looks like 12 workouts a week. She might end up burned out or injured by excessive workouts.
As they reached to the floor above, she saw various small, isolated rooms that had glass doors everywhere but were air sealed rooms and they had some basic cardio equipment inside plus some dumbbells and weights for strength training along with yoga mats. Karl pressed a button outside, and the door was an automated sliding door. They all entered and from inside, he pressed a similar button and the door closed. This was the last room of the floor in the extreme corner.
As the door closed Karl said, "So here's where you'll have all your workouts. In the mornings you should be here in the workout dress that I'll provide you after we're done discussing the plan, by 6 AM and in the evenings 6PM all days Monday through Saturday. During each workout, your trainers will set the temperature of this room to 100 with humidity at 40%".
"Mornings will include first 30 minutes hard cardio and then next 30 to 45 minutes strength and abs workouts. In the evenings instructors will be different and you'll do yoga, extreme stretching and dance workouts. Once you receive your phone back, you will find an app called nutrition already installed in it."
"All and everything that you'll drink or eat needs to be followed as per the app each day. Nothing, no matter what nothing more or less than what's in that app's instructions should go inside your body," and he turns towards Tyrone, "and if she follows everything exactly, you should be able to see your desired results, maybe even better results than you expect."
Tyrone responded on her behalf, "don't worry Karl, she will make sure she'll meet all your commands and schedules to the tee." They both chatted for a few more minutes about her like she wasn't even present there. Later they walked down, and Karl took all her body's current measurements, weight, and BMI to record the starting point.
After that he gave her a large box of workout outfits that would be a snug fit for her based on her measurements. The designers made the outfits of same stretchy latex material which would be an exact fit for her tits and had inbuilt sports bra on the top to support those big D cups during her workouts.
They had customized the top, so it just ends a little less than an inch below the base of her tits, the skirt from same material and ends a couple of inches below the bottom of her ass. There were over twenty such workout outfits as spares, all of them in black color.
He told her, no bras or panties allowed with the outfit since top already has a support bra and no panties rule was just for fun and to make her feel uncomfortable while working out.
When they left the workout studio, Tyrone told her, "Once you get your phone back, it'll have your daily routine sleep and wake up alarms setup. Whenever a task reminder tells you to do something, no matter what you're doing leave the task and follow the reminder," with that they entered the next destination, a tanning salon which also provides massages and waxing services.
Again, like in workout studio, he went in like he knew exactly where he was going. This time they were walking towards a black woman and as they reached her, Tyrone said, "Jasmine, this is the girl I talked about yesterday. Explain to her what the schedule would look like and what services you would provide to her."
"You look amazing, honey, already, but in a few days, you would look so amazing that even any Hollywood actress would be jealous of your beauty. So, what we're going to do is, you're going to be here every day after your evening workouts."
"What you'd receive daily is a full body relaxing massage with some of the most expensive and luxuriously hydrating and skin smoothening oils and moisturizing creams. After you leave this place, you're supposed to apply for them when at home. We'll also give a month of supply to you."
"Application instructions would be inside, basically 3 times a day, once after morning shower then if you're here, we'll apply during massage or on Sundays you're going to apply yourself same time and last before bedtime. In no time your skin would be so amazing that even you wouldn't be able to believe the results."
"Another service provided to you will be manicure and pedicure whenever needed, plus a full body waxing from neck down, again whenever needed. Also, three times a week Monday, Wednesday and Friday you'll also be having a full body naked tanning session for 15 minutes."
By now, Jessica felt too overwhelmed. She was numb to everything. Some services of these services were fantastic, and she would have enjoyed them on her own, but since Tyrone forced these services on her, even though she was getting all of them for free, it still felt uncomfortable.
There was lots of other information shared to her and Jasmine also gave her a box which had a month of supplies for the oils and moisturizing creams to her. Most of the latter information just went in and out of her ears without properly registering in her brain.
She was now sitting in the car and Tyrone was driving to somewhere and now she didn't care where it was. Too many things were happening in her life all together, and she could not process the implications of these changes.
He took her to a fancy Italian restaurant and told her to enjoy a regular meal for the last time in a while since from tomorrow onwards she won't be able to eat anything other than the prescribed food and drinks. After the dinner he drove her back to her house, and she saw they already parked her car in the driveway.
As they reached to the front door before she could think of anything, he opened the door from his phone, and she realized he had access to the entire smart home features now setup on his phone.
Once inside, she felt like someone had moved things from their original positions in her living room. As she was looking all around, Tyrone said, "Trying to find something? Let me explain. Yes, my team had to move things out of your house, and then set back them to its original position."
"Why? Because now your entire house inside out has been setup with camouflaged 4K cameras and floors now has adaptive noise canceling microphones that have ability to capture high-definition audio and will only record words said and suppress background sounds like walking, etc."
"They connected those cameras and microphones to your electric system, so they'll run with no interruptions or maintenance needed. Also, they're connected with your home Wi-Fi, so they will upload all recordings to my private cloud. From there an AI algorithm written by me and my team edits useful videos and moves it to a persistent storage and rest moved to archives and eventually deleted."
"In short, each and everything that'll happen in or outside of this house will be available to me. So, you shouldn't dare to break any rules at all, even when you're at home. If you do, then my AI will send me real-time alerts on my phone. I have done same to your office and your physics lab. So, when you're at work I still have eyes on you."
"For other places like lecture rooms etc.," he moved towards the couch and there was her purse. "We have now equipped this thing with a large battery pack at its base and has a similar camera and microphone installed in it. When you're not at your home, office or lab this needs to be with you wherever you go even in restrooms at work."
"This camera needs to be pointing towards you always. Here you can see there's a charging port, it charges with same iPhone charger you have. So, the battery of this thing never dies that's your responsibility, if it reaches below 10%, I'll receive a text on my phone."
He waited for some time to let things settle in for her so that she understands what has happened. Then as he handed her purse to her. On his other hand was her Apple Watch and iPhone and he said, "You see slave, security and privacy is a myth which we all want to believe so we can feel comfortable inside."
"NSA, homeland security and CIA have way more information about regular citizens then legally they should, but we're all fine with it nobody cares. Similarly, here your both iPhone and Apple Watch runs Apple's operating system but, it's running my custom version," he gave both phone and watch back to her.
"Now your next assignment will be when your husband returns. What you must do is press power button 3 times and put your phone on top of his phone till the process finishes. Connect both phones to same Wi-Fi and process might take about 12-15 minutes once done you'll receive notification on your watch, and I will receive similar notification. This task has to be done by Friday latest, if not done a severe punishment will be pending."
"My team has installed hidden cameras and microphones inside your car as well, which cover every angle. They're powered by your car's battery pack. Bonus, we found your husband's car keys as well so he's also under full surveillance."
After he updated her about the entire security updates by his team, another info she got was they have also rigged her home security system, if Jason wanted to check on the security cameras, he won't see what's going on currently but will get footage from a time which Tyrone would want him to see.
He told her it was better to safeguard her if he gives any task for her when at home or outside home. Also, since he had taken control over the house's security system, one update that Jason had configured earlier was to block doors access to unlock remotely unless the device is near the front door, Tyrone had now bypassed it so only from his phone, he had to ability to lock/unlock any smart door/window lock from anywhere in the world.
And he had made his device as the super administrator, which means he can override any other instructions in the house. So, if he decides, then he can even block Jason's access to the house. Once Tyrone left her house as instructed, she took a shower, completed her moisturizing routine from fresh oils and lotions, and went back to sleep. Everything was going to change from tomorrow.
* * * * *
For a while there were a lot of questions around, a sudden change in her daily attire by both Jason and her friends and colleagues at the university. But her lame excuses could somehow shut them up. Jason gave up asking further questions, thinking she might have been going through a mental crisis. Her friends eventually gave up thinking it was her choice, and she may have one. Her students were enjoying her fresh look.
Her overall routine was becoming too hectic, and diet was too strict, but eventually she felt better and was getting used to the new schedule. Karl would make sure she gets bare minimum rest needed throughout her cardio, strength, and abs workout.
He put special focus on her chest workouts, legs and hips exercises, and abs workouts. The hot and humid room would make things extremely uncomfortable for her with the latex material they forced her to wear.
First two days she was cautious about how she was looking but even though she was looking like someone direct from a porn movie, Karl never made inappropriate comments or suggestions towards her, so she eventually got used to being that way in front of him.
The yoga instructor made sure she can drastically be able to improve her flexibility rapidly. They had placed alternate days with erotic dance classes as well. Her dancing skills did not satisfy Tyrone. She was learning pole dancing and erotic strip dance moves along with how to give best lap dances.
First massage was awkward for her since she had to be completely naked with no coverings and a very good-looking Asian man gave the massage. But eventually she used to become extremely turned on by the end of the massage.
Whenever she had her tanning session, it was always before the massage, and if they felt she needed waxing, they did it even before tanning session. They usually did once manicure and pedicure a week on Saturdays after the massage.
She felt extremely disappointed with herself because she followed the instructions of phone cloning or whatever it was the very night Jason returned. She felt like it was not because Tyrone forced her since she had time till Friday, but she did it on Wednesday itself.
Her psyche somehow was automatically following the instructions and the worst part was she no longer felt bad about it.
Jason had tried to make advances to get laid a few times after he returned, but Jess kept on making some excuses. And to put a good halt to the advances she said, "hey honey, listen I'm working out really hard every single day and I have a surprise for you for the anniversary and I don't want to ruin all my challenging work just now."
This was reasonable to ask. Jason had noticed that she was doing all diets and workouts. She's gone early in the morning and returns late at night. And not that bad to hold off for a few more days.
Things were all going so well for a week and a half, and Tyrone did not interrupt her. Until on that Friday night she got back in her car after her massage therapy, wearing open cup shelf black bra, a white cotton top that would clearly show her nipples, a matching black micro thong with a micro mini black skirt and those painful black stilettoes.
Tyrone instructed this to her earlier, what to wear post massage. All her clothes, including bra, panties and stilettoes that he had replaced in her new wardrobe, had numbers inside. Every morning she would just receive a list of numbers and she had to only wear those and nothing else.
Suddenly she felt tightness on her ankle straps, meaning he had remotely locked them. Tyrone was somewhere near, as the range of the lock was 25 meters. She looked around and saw nothing in the darkness as there was a sound on her phone and she looked at the screen.
Screen was now all black with just white text on it. Not a single button was working on her phone and the text won't go. So, she started reading the instructions:
"Tasks to be done tonight before you can go home, and your phone will only work afterwards."
"1. Drive back to the university and park at your usual spot."
"2. Walk to your physics lab."
"3. Not so simple though, on your way if you see any trash can one article of your clothing goes inside. Since you can't remove your heels, they don't count."
"4. When you reach outside the physics lab and still have something left, all remaining articles go to the trash can outside the lab."
"5. Once inside, there will be a chair at the center of the lab, you'll find noise canceling wireless earphones, put them on along with the blindfold and sit on that chair."
"6. You don't need to carry anything with you keep your purse and phone both in your car."
"7. There will be a background music along with my voice in your ears. Follow everything I say and soon you can go home."
"PS: I have remotely sent a text already from your phone to your hubby that you have some work pending in the lab and will be back home really late so don't wait up."
She started crying in the car for a long while. How was she supposed to pull it off? There is always someone working late in the physics lab. If someone finds her, university will fire her with immediate effect. But that was for later, so she drove towards university. As she parked at her usual spot, there were chills all along her spine. She was nervous to her extreme core. She took a deep breath and got out of the car.
Barely walking for few feet, she saw a trash can, never in her life had she ever noticed this trash can. Was it planted by him? Or she never noticed it and is now getting paranoid? Well, not the time to overthink now. Considering what needs to go first, she rolled her thong out and threw it in the trash can.
Next walking inside the building from backdoor, it was closest to the physics lab, hence fewer chances of finding excessive trash cans. But as she entered inside, on the left was a trash can. "Fuck" she shouted in her own head.
Looking around, she found no one and took her top off. She realized the bra needs to go first as it didn't cover her nipples at all. Hence went the bra inside the trash can and she put her top back on. Now as she walked, had her fingers crossed and praying to God that there won't be any trash can on her way until the lab.
She was beyond happy that there was no trash can on her way but as she turned left on the hallway from where lab was barely 100 meters away, there was a trash can. In went her top. Covering both her tits with her hands, she tried walking slowly, not trying to make noise, but now she was hearing way more clicking sound from her heels.
She was getting paranoid. Or since the hall was empty, or the heels really made that much noise. Her entire body was alive now; she felt the soreness and pain in her ankles as well. But there was an extreme moistness in her cunt.
Somehow, without being caught, she found herself outside the physics lab. Taking a deep breath, she took off her skirt and, just like that, threw it in the trash. As she turned towards the door, she realized she had forgotten her lab access card. "YOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOTIC WHORE, HOW COULD YOU?" was an angry thought in her head. But just to take the chance, she tried to open the door, and it opened.
She was beyond glad that the door opened, that she even forgot what she her next instructions were. All the lights in the lab were on. She nervously looked around and saw the lab seems to be empty. She walked right towards the middle, trying to move as cautiously as possible, trying to make as little noise as she can with those heels which can't remain silent.
Once in front of the chair, she took the earphones out of the case and put it on. Tyrone had customized these earphones to his likeness. They were the color of her skin and were so small that only visible if someone was looking for them. Once on, she lost all the surround sound of her environment. She was deaf for the world now.
She couldn't find the blindfolds though, but a small box of contact lens. Then came his voice through the earphones. Put the contacts on. She did as she was told and realized they were custom made contacts for zero visibility. She was completely blind, without even the blindfolds. He commanded her to take the seat and do not dare to get up unless explicitly allowed by him.
After an eternity, she felt the chair to be inclined backwards like a dental exam chair. He told her to lean back. Then she felt her legs dragged outwards and put on some cold metal. Next someone bound them with something like soft leather or something similar. Similar material also bound her hands above her head.
There must be some extensions added to the chair because she saw nothing they could use in the chair to bind her like this. There was a hand that came on top of her forehead and in no time, they also bound her forehead to the head of the chair. Now she was completely immobile.
The voice on the earphones said, "Tonight you're going to refer yourself as Jessica Peterson, the slave and you're allowed to be vocal during entire time. In fact, I command you to be vocal. You need to be loud and clear to express what you're feeling."
"Tell us who you're?"
As she felt a finger rubbing her already aroused and erect clit, she took a deep breath and said, "I am Jessica Peterson. This is my lab. I teach here in this same lab, and I am a sexual slave to my master. I do whatever my master desires from me and in return, if I please my master with my performance, he allows me to cum. If he doesn't allow me, I cannot cum, I will not cum."
With that, she felt someone pushing an enormous cock deep in her cunt. It kept going for a while; it was even larger and thicker than Reggie's cock by now. But as it went all the way in, she realized it was not a real cock. Then came the lube, and after a few minutes of demanding work by whoever was working on her, there was a similarly large but less thick cock all the way up her asshole.
She was breathing heavily by now and upon the command she said, "Oh my god! This feels so good; I have two giant cocks filling both my cunt and my asshole right in the center of my lab. I really hope one of my students did this. Oh my god, I need it to move, I want both cocks to fuck me vigorously."
And then she felt two extremely tight metal clips on her nipples at the same time. The growl of pain was so loud from her she feared entire building would have heard her and people will now start crowding in the lab. She was breathing heavily to adjust to the pain when the person working on her attached a similar clip to her clit.
This made her growl even more loud, as pain was beyond anything she had experienced before. Next few minutes she adjusted to the pain and got normal when the next stage started. All the things attached started vibrating ferociously. Suddenly everything started hurting again, but in a few seconds, pleasure was beyond her control.
It all came so hard and fast that she was shaking. "My master, your humble slave requests you the permission to cum, and she won't be able to handle much longer. Master, your slave has never felt something like this before. This is beyond her limits, master; please show some mercy on your slave."
And with that, something hit her hard right above her clit without touching it. It must be something with threads of leather, she thought. But the sudden pain took her mind away from her orgasm.
This went on for the next few minutes, where they brought her right on the verge of orgasm and the blow would hit even harder on a random sensitive body part, bringing it down. The sexual frustration and pain were so much that she was shrieking now.
She begged him for a long time and when asked, "What do you offer to your master for letting you cum?"
"Anything. Anything for my master. Anything my master desires, this slave will do it. Please master, please master, please..." she was beyond desperate now and she meant every word.
He still waited for thirty seconds, where she kept on begging and offering him whatever he wishes. Then came the next words, "Shut up. Now listen, if I let you cum then you will lose your luxury of clothes and will have to leave this lab the way you currently are, washing no remnants of your lust. You will directly go to your home and sleep next to your husband with no clothes and cum soaked body."
Waiting for his words to sink in he continued, "if you agree then I want you to repeat what you're agreeing to with details and names. If I'm satisfied, I'll grant permission."
She processed the demand; can she even do it? What if she's caught? What if Jason is awake? But that all was for later now only priority for her was to cum. Her brain didn't care whether she loses her job or gets divorced. She needs to cum right now, no matter what.
Hence, she said, "I, Jessica Peterson, associate professor in the physics department, would request her master to let her cum in her own physics lab. If my master allows me to cum, I will walk out of my own physics lab completely naked only wearing my slave heels, soaked in my cum."
Her desperation was getting even beyond her control, but she continued, "Once I reach home to my husband, Jason Peterson, I will directly go to bed and sleep next to him with my body smelling of my own dried cum. Please master, your slave needs your permission to cum."
With that now satisfied with her performance, he said, "Cum now, my slave."
As soon as she heard those words, her body gave up and out came the fluids of her ejaculation, squirting right out of her cunt. The earth-shattering orgasm continued for over a minute. It mesmerized Rose looking at her shaking and shivering body with those loud words running on loop:
"Oooohhhhh mmmyyy goooddd, slave thanks herrrr masterrrrr...."
And just like that, she passed out.
When she woke up, they had removed her earphones, and she was no longer bound. Feeling real week after that orgasm, she slowly sat up. Removing the contacts from her eyes, she saw the lab was now completely empty. She did not know who did those things to her, likely some student. But now is not the time to think about that, she needs to go home and that too naked.
She got up and walked towards the lab's exit door. Once outside of the lab, she looked around and started walking slowly, trying to make as little noise as possible wearing these devil's shoes. She got out of the building without being spotted, but now she was out in the open.
She was halfway through to her car when she heard from back, "hey who's there? Stop."
Without turning and caring for anything in the world, she ran towards her car like her life depended on it. But those heels, those damn heels. She was about 20 feet away from her car when she felt hands grabbing from her waist and she couldn't move. It's over. She's fired now. Everything is over.
The hands forced to turn around as the man said to her, "What the hell do you think you're doing running naked in a public place like this?"
As she turned, he said, "Ms. Peterson? Why are you naked in the campus? And what's that smell?"
With tears in her eyes, she looked up and saw Rick Jones. And behind his shoulders she saw walking his brother Jamie. Both brothers were acting well as Jamie said, "I never thought you could be such an adventurous person, Ms. Peterson. Dean will definitely have questions about all this."
Wiping the tears from her eyes, she said, "I can't explain what you're seeing here, but I'm not the person you're thinking of me. Please give me a chance and tell nothing to the dean."
"But the thing is we've caught you read handed running completely naked inside the university campus. We'll have to let the authorities know about it and then you can convince them you're not that kind of person," said Rick.
"Please don't do it, I'll lose my job."
Pretending to think for a moment, he said, "And what's in it for us?"
"Tell me what you guys want and I'll do it."
"Okay then, follow us," said Rick, grabbing her hand and walking towards the other end of the parking lot.
At the extreme other end of the parking lot, she was now standing in front of a car, which she assumed was their car. Rick continued, "Only way we both let it slide is if you invite both of us to fuck you, right here and right now."
She tried to contemplate her situation standing naked in a university parking lot late at night is not a great idea. But fucking students in an open parking lot is also not a clever idea. She tried to negotiate with them, but they were not interested in her negotiations. Eventually she agreed, considering she had to get out of this situation.
She saw Rick moving towards the trunk of his car and grabbed something out. As he walked away from the car, what she saw sent extreme fear through the core of her body. He was setting up a tripod stand and had a professional looking night vision camera mounted on top of it. Attached on with it was an extension accessary microphone for high-definition audio.
Once he finished the setup and felt satisfied with the camera angle, he said, "You look worried, but it's for our help. Once we're done with you tonight, we wouldn't want you going to cops and claiming it to be a rape."
Continuing his brother's footsteps, Jamie had now placed a soft portable mattress on parking floor right in front of the car. For better visual effects, they turned the headlights on. After completing the task Jamie said, "For us to be safe, what you have to do is seduce both of us and convince us to fuck you on camera."
Sensing her fear, he changed his tone much softer and continued, "look we care about our career as well as yours. Don't worry, this video is just for our safety and no other soul will ever see it. If you have a problem with this plan, we can end it here and let's talk to right authorities to handle this situation."
"No, you don't need to do it; I'll do what you ask."
"And what are we asking can you repeat it, so we know you have full understanding?"
"I'm going to seduce both of you to make sure you both fuck me on camera."
Rick went back to the camera and said, "change those expressions now, Prof. Get in your character first," after a couple of minutes of breathing she was now calm and didn't look like someone was forcing her to do it. Rick, satisfied with her look, said, "Ms. Peterson, camera rolling and action," as if he was directing a movie as he started recording the video.
Seeing him get back in frame, both brothers acted as if they were having some conversation and then she walked in the frame, "hey Rick and Jamie, how do you think I look in my new dress?"
"Ms. Peterson? Why are you all naked so late at night in the university parking?" said Rick.
"I was just looking for some studs in the university and when I saw you both I thought we all could have some real fun right here."
"What do you mean by fun? We don't want to assume something wrong here," took over Jamie.
"I mean you both could fuck me right here; it'd be real fun I promise."
"You are our physics professor, Ms. Peterson. It would be completely unethical for us to do such a thing, and especially on university premises," said Rick.
Now she knew they would not make this easier for her and she didn't have that much time to play roles all naked for anyone to walk and discover her so she went for the kill shot, "come on guys it's adventurous to do such a thing, you'll always remember it and you'll satisfy me as well. Plus, unless you want to fail in your class, I would recommend you both get on to fuck me right now."
"So, what you're saying is if we don't fuck you, you will fail us in your course?" said Jamie.
She knew she was unnecessarily incriminating herself on camera but if they let her go, university will fire her anyway so she continued with it, "yes I will make sure you both never pass my course if you don't fuck me right now."
This was all they needed. Soon both Jamie and Rick were naked, and Jessica was on her knees on the portable mattress with both on either side of her. She gave both blowjobs sequentially till both were rock hard. They now changed positions. Rick had his huge nine and a half inches and three and a half inches thick cock buried balls deep in her cunt. Jamie had ten inches and three inches thick cock, which he buried down her throat.
For next few minutes they savagely fucked her right in the parking lot, doggy style from both ends. The recent situations and the extreme risk had turned her on again. She was on the verge of orgasm and about to cum when she realized she doesn't have the permission to cum from her master.
But again, she had already broken the rule. She was fucking two of her students without her master's permission. If he found out he would punish her anyway, then it's better to at least enjoy her sexual encounter. She decided she will not hold her orgasms during this fuck session.
With that thought in the next few thrusts she again came and as it has been in recent times, she squirted a large gush of fluid out. Fearing that she might bite his cock, Jamie pulled out of her mouth and said, "Jeez, Ms. Peterson, you're one hell of a squirter."
Still shaking from her orgasm, she decided if there're going to blackmail her to fuck them, she should at least enjoy it. She yelled, still not fully recovered from the orgasm, "fuck my asshole while your brother fucks my cunt you motherfucker. I want both of your cocks in me right now."
Jamie would not waste that invitation. They switched the position and now Rick was on his back with his cock buried all the way up her cunt. Jamie spat on her asshole and used it to lubricate it further and gave her hole some warm-up with his fingers. Once satisfied, in went his cock. Few deep breaths and forceful penetrations later, both cocks were buried all the way in her holes.
Then began the rhythm, and both brothers started fucking her like there was no tomorrow. Rick started pinching her huge and erect nipples, told her to talk dirty otherwise they'll have to stop. She was now in a zone and didn't care who saw her or what she looked like, and started yelling out things that she never said in front of her husband.
"Fuck me harder. Yes, right there, up my asshole. Yes, my cunt wants more. I am a professor by day and cock hungry whore by night. Give it to me. Yes. Oh, my god. You are so amazing. Harder, more. I want more. Yes. Keep going. This cunt needs more cock." as she kept repeating those dirty words, but she didn't realize she was getting even more aroused.
"Don't stop, I am going.... But you don't stopppp..." and there it was, another earth-shattering orgasm, but both kept fucking her and never stopped or slowed. This caused her to have back-to-back quick orgasms. Her body had no more fluids left in her to squirt out, she thought, but she was wrong.
What she didn't know was that Tyrone and Rose planned all this. Both Jamie and Rick had desensitizers sprayed on their cock to prolong the session. Both kept on fucking her and would switch sometimes, Rick up her asshole and Jamie up her cunt and vice versa. She had already had six more orgasms, and it didn't look like there was any end nearby.
"Oh, fuck yes. Fuck your teacher's cunt and asshole. Fuck me. Don't you guys cum just yet."
Fifteen minutes and five more groundbreaking squirting orgasms later, she felt like they both were about to cum. This has exhausted her by now, but somewhere her inner slut wanted more. Just like that, both pulled out and threw her to the center of the mattress. They told her to sit down and face their cocks.
Then came two large loads. On her face, her hair, her tits, her shoulders, there was cum everywhere. After there was no more cum left to ooze out, both rubbed the remnants of cum from the head of their cock onto her nipples. Once satisfied, Rick told her to one last time look at the camera and rub cum all over her body while continuing her dirty talks.
She thought, this is the last thing so just hurry with it and leave. While sexually rubbing the cum on her face with her fingers she said, "thanks guys, you both satisfied the cravings of all my holes. Oh, my god I loved your cocks in all my holes, but when you guys fucked both my cunt and asshole together, I was in heaven."
Now she was massaging the cum all over her tits. "I came so much when you fucked my holes thoroughly. And your loads all over my body are the memory of this night. I will rub it all over," leaning back as her fingers went down towards her cunt, she inserted two fingers in and continued, "I needed some of that up my cunt as well," taking out those fingers she inserted then in her mouth, "hm, yummy."
It shocked everyone, seeing this sequence of pure lust and sexual desire, including her. Soon they both let her go. This time she just ran as fast as she could and got in her car before anyone could see her. On the way home she kept on crying all the way, this time because of her guilt.
Earlier, Tyrone forced her, but this time she enjoyed and decided to even enhance her desire further. Once home, she knew she was under surveillance and couldn't take a shower. Hence, she directly went towards the bedroom and saw her husband sleeping. All that guilt came back again, and she cried but calmed down so that Jason doesn't wake up.
As she was walking towards the bed, she felt her ankle straps unlock. Was he in the house? But out of fear, she didn't want to find out. Maybe if she saw him, he'll make her do more things. She took her devil heels off and slept on the other edge of the bed as far from him as possible so that he doesn't smell all the mixture of dried cum from her body.
She woke up earlier than Jason and rushed to shower to remove all the evidence of her cheating. Once out of shower she started her usual routine of workouts. Jason questioned nothing at night when she returned.
Thanksgiving was near, and she was now preparing for it. This was something that might keep her mind away from all the turmoil that was going on in her life. She was in the living room planning everything, including the shopping list when Jason came in and said, "Honey, I have to tell you something."
She looked up at him questioningly. "Our Europe office got hacked and the products are getting a lot of adverse publicity. My office has asked me to go there and fix the setup and create a new PR and marketing strategy to recover the brand value."
He waited for her to say something but when nothing came from her, he continued, "I am sorry that I'll have to leave during all these important holidays, but I promise this will be so amazing for both of us. They have promised me if I'm successful they'll promote me to Chief of Marketing globally. I'll be the youngest to reach that position in our company's history."
It was then she asked, "How long do you think you'll have to be there?"
"They're saying 3-6 months, but I'll try to wrap it much faster and come back home to you."
"That's an awfully long time, Jason. You're going to leave me all alone here for so long? You'll even miss our anniversary. I've been planning for it for so long." she was more upset about what will happen to her if Tyrone finds out Jason will be gone that long. She'll be his 24x7 slave.
"I know, honey, I'm extremely sorry, but these things happened suddenly. No one could have planned for it. If those shithead hackers hadn't targeted our Europe office, none of this would have happened and I'd be still here, but things happen that are beyond our control. Plus, we'll not have to worry for the rest of our lives once I'm back."
It is then she realized Tyrone did this. She didn't know how but it's too much of a coincidence to happen suddenly just before their anniversary as she remembered his statement, "don't worry about the anniversary, I'll handle it."
She told him, it's fine and he should focus on his career. As he went to the bedroom for packing his travel bag, she crawled into fetus position on her couch and silently cried on her fate.
* * * * *
As Tyrone looked at the video feed on his TV, his phone rang. It was Reggie. He picked it and asked, "You have good news for me?"
"Yes, boss, they have finished the manufacturing. I asked to make some extra and tested the result on them as well. As Jamie said, things are better than expected."
"What about the people we need? Everyone agreed to the requirements?"
"Yes, boss, all confirmed. I've paid them half in advance already. Everything is on schedule boss."
"Fantastic. Everything is perfectly going as per the plan here as well. Let's begin the next phase once the husband leaves."
* * * * *
Author's End Note:Next part will explain details of Tyrone's secretive plan for his slave. This story line will always have certain details and information which has character development along with erotic theme.
If more people just prefer this series to have only erotic content, let me know in comments. All ideas are also welcome I might add best idea in future installments, if they fit with the progress of the series.