By Paris Waterman
Exceptionally edited by Barney-70
This is not Tolstoy, or George R. R. Martin; it's a stroke story. Hopefully, it's passably written, but it is by design a stroke story, no more and certainly not less. I hope you like it and rush to tell your friends. PW
Chapter 1
10:45 AM Tuesday
The azure sea was sparkling calm and flat at the honeymoon resort in Puntarenas, Costa Rica as Mark looked over the pool through his telescope. The dark-haired girl with the fantastic body he was watching was climbing out of the pool and waked to a deck chair then leaned over-exposing most of her huge breasts to him before sprawling out in indolent repose, in the deck chair. The white bikini she wore seemed molded to her body. The resort allowed the skimpiest of bathing attire in the adult section, and what she had on barely met that criteria; in fact it might have been cause for the hotel to object were it not for the fact that they permitted women to go topless as long as they didn't strut about flaunting their charms to one and all causing guests to complain—none had, or would, but management felt comfortable having signage in Spanish requesting consideration of others in this regard.
And while the young woman was far from naked, she looked as if she were exactly that. The sight of her lean figure and over-sized breasts in a skimpy top and even sexier thong striding towards the deckchair in her high-heeled sandals was breathtaking. The diminutive triangle narrowed into a narrow strand that disappeared between the split curves of her high set buttocks and left bare the sleek contours of her long haunches, and the sheer perfection of her tight-cheeked young bottom.
Mark refocused the telescope as she settled into the deckchair and put on a floppy black hat, and then leaning forward did that seemingly impossible move women have perfected by reaching behind her and undoing the hook or knot that held the top up and let it slide down her left arm and settle on the ground beneath the chair. Gloriously topless now, she paused, straightened up in her chair, and with shoulders back, head erect, chin held high, her huge breasts were fully exposed to the warmth of the sun's rays and warm summer air.
Mark rubbed his groin in appreciation. A sixtyish bald-headed man spilled his drink down his hairy chest while watching her. A married couple--well the wife, anyway, hauled her husband away to the bar after he made a comment to her about the girl.
It was now 10:50 AM--a bit early for cocktails, even in Costa Rica.
An ache of intense longing came over Mark as he stared into the telescope, as the girl took a deep breath and her entire chest heaved upward. The up-tilted nipples, stirred by their sudden exposure to the moist sea air, seemed to be stiffening as he looked down at her from the fifth floor Honeymoon Suite he shared with his new bride, Marcie.
The dark-haired girl slid her hands up and lightly passed them over her naked breasts as she reached for the sky to stretch back languidly in a luxurious feline stretch, as if offering up her tremendous breasts to the life-giving sun. She held the pose for a good thirty seconds, then as a dreamy expression settled on her face, she slowly eased back into the chair, to rest back on splayed elbows. She wiggled her hips; her long tanned legs unfolded and sprawled carelessly in a loose vee. Her provocative nipples jutted out screaming for attention, and her lips curled into a blissfully contented smile.
Mark had grown accustomed to using the telescope he'd brought with him from Florida when in their villa; for he had, thanks to his bride, developed strong voyeuristic tendencies. He loved watching people, predominantly females who they had no idea they were being observed. Marcie had proved invaluable in this--knowing he was watching--approaching an unsuspecting woman and getting them to assume provocative poses while he looked on. It was a game she delighted in and he readily accepted it for he was a natural voyeur and she ever the exhibitionist.
He justified this perversion by convincing himself it helped understand women and their hidden desires; and to a certain extent he was correct in this. Of course, being able to observe someone when they are unaware of it does reveal many things about them that are ordinary disguised in one way or another.
But Mark had been watching this particular female from close up as well as from his room window. She was accompanied by a young man who was either her husband or boyfriend. They acted like honeymooners some of the time, and petulant children at other times.
"Are you watching her again, darling?" Marcie asked as she returned from the bathroom shower. She was nude; it was her style, her 'honeymoon fashion' she called it; as she sidled up against him, careful not to jar the scope and change his mood.
"I am she's wearing a white bikini today. She looks fabulous."
"Hmmm, you didn't say that when I wore my white bikini, Darling," she said peevishly.
"But I ate you out of the damned thing, didn't I?" he said defensively.
"You did, didn't you?" Marcie conceded, recalling the wonderful orgasm he'd bestowed upon her.
"Let me see this bikini you're so taken with."
He shifted over making room for her to sit beside him and after determining the focus was still correct surrendered the telescope to her.
"Ohhh, she's showing off, the little tramp!"
"What's she doing?"
"She's getting up. Aw, she's putting her top back on. Ohhh, she's leaving!" There was a selfish glee in her tone, and Mark picked up on it.
"Shit! I was ..."
"I know, Markie; you were going to jerk off watching her and then beg me to get you up again for a matinee screw."
"I never said any such..."
"Such thing, yeah, I know, but that's what you were thinking, admit it," as the words left her mouth she began dry humping his right thigh. Her cunt was wet from both showering and her excitement over the possibility of getting her newlywed husband hard enough for their third fuck of the day.
He groaned as she increased her humping, leaving a slug-like trial of her juices on his thigh that would remain there long enough to dry as they moved into other sexual activities.
"That's not fair, Marcie. I'm always thinking about getting it on with you."
She laughed and said, "It must be true that old saying."
"What old saying?"
"You know that men think about sex every seven seconds, no matter what the situation."
He laughed, and then said, "You have a valid point. I'm not sure about the seven seconds, but ... often enough."
Marcie was still humping his leg like a dog in heat, and he attempted to ignore her by swinging the barrel of the telescope around and caught sight of the girl in the white bikini returning to her deck chair by the hotel's sumptuous pool.
"Wait—Wait, Marcie! She's coming back! Here take a look." He quickly depressed the angle of the scope to bring his subject into sharper focus and surrendered the telescope to Marcie.
"I'd do her," his bride said as she reached out to feel his penis, which was semi-hard at the moment.
Mark peered over Marcie's shoulder as they both studied the young woman returning to her deckchair. Once seated she donned the wide brimmed black hat to protect her face from the sun; she was obviously not all that concerned with the rest of her body as she slumped down into the chair without any other protective clothing. Moments later she straightened up in the chair, shoulders back, head erect, chin held high in an imperious pose that had to have been well practiced before many a mirror.
"She's got some pair of tits, hasn't she?" Marcie said, relinquishing the telescope to her husband.
The simple elegance and size of her obviously natural breasts took Mark's breath away. He watched fascinated as she took a deep breath and her slightly up-tilted nipples seemed to be stiffening under the material as he watched.
Suddenly a shadow was cast over her and he let the telescope drop from his eye to see her boyfriend or husband standing alongside her; he of the glorious tan and perpetual hard on in his vermilion speedos.
"Oh, the boyfriend wasn't short changed either," Marcie said, somewhat enviously. "Ah don't worry baby; I won't be leaving you for him. Although ..."
"Although what, darling?"
"I'd like to try him on for size."
"Hmmmm," Mark said while staring at the girl's mouth and imagining her mouth around his cock. Marcie, still rubbing his penis giggled, and said, "It seems she's my benefactor if she's responsible for this lovely erection. Shall we rut on the bed this time, darling?"
Just then out of the corner of his eye Mark caught a movement. The girl's right hand, which had rested at her hip, was creeping across the flat plain of her belly, curving up over the rib cage, fingers nosing toward the left breast. He watched with intense interest as those fingers snaked around the curving slope to slip inside the cup holding her humongous breasts in place and loosely cupped the exquisite symmetry of that precious object. The breast in question was suddenly plucked from the bikini top and fully exposed.
"Jesus Christ, Marcie ... have a look at her now!"
After seeing the youthful girl brush the pad of an extended thumb back and forth, worrying the nipple until the tiny nub emerged from its dormant state; Mark turned the telescope over to his wife.
A second later, Marcie gasped appreciatively as the young girl brought her other hand into play, releasing the other breast; and now with one hand on each breast her long red tipped fingers traced over the slight bulges until she captured the stiffening buds between scissoring fingers.
It was at that point that Marcie groaned and lasciviously pouted, "It's as if she's doing it to me!"
She relinquished the telescope to Mark and began fondling his balls and tickling his asshole before she abandoned him to finger herself.
"Mmmm," he answered as he watched--first the girl at the pool, and then his recent bride as her fingers worked their magic within her sex making sloshing sounds as they plunged in and out of her sperm filled cunt.
"She certainly is an interesting subject," he said glancing at Marcie.
"Like what you see, dear?" Marcie inquired laconically as Mark relinquished the scope back to her.
"The girl's very well endowed. I'd guess she's a 34 D. Possibly even an E cup, and she can't be a day over nineteen or twenty; but the boyfriend's older, maybe twenty-one or so. And Mark did you check his package out?"
"Um, sad to say I did. He is equipped with a horse cock if you ask me. Those fucking speedos do exaggerate some though."
Marcie laughed lewdly and said, "Not that much dear. But I'm still very happy with your package, and how well you make use of it."
"Thank you, dear," he said as he renewed his studious examination of the youthful girl through the telescope. "I see she likes playing with her D's or E's."
"What's she doing now?" Marcie inquired breathing heavily and still strumming her clitoris.
"Her nipples are fully erect, or I think they are. Ohhhh, she's palming those magnificent tits ... they're actually heaving against her hands."
"Do you think she knows we're watching?" Marcie asked, and then grunted.
"Getting off, dear?"
"Close, Baby, very close ... Ahhhhhh, there—there it is! Ohhhhh ... YES! YES! YESSSSS!"
Mark kept his eye on the girl even as Marcie sank slowly to the tiled floor in ecstatic pleasure from her climax.
"I think she feels eyes on her and likes it. I mean she obviously likes being the center of attention; not that she knows I'm watching her."
"Ahhh, gimmie a sec or two; I wanna see her tits again. I think I can get off again." Marcie put her eye to the lens and saw the girl squeezing her breasts with a deep circular massage.
"Ohhh, fuck!" she moaned and relinquished the telescope to Mark and left him to hump the corner of the dresser next to her. Suitably impressed by her actions, Mark shook his erection from his sweatpants and gave it several gentle strokes.
"Yeah, she's hot, isn't she?" Marcie moaned, and leaning over the dresser, lasciviously licked his earlobe. "We're going to have us a wonderful fuck when she leaves the pool," she whispered huskily into his wet ear.
The girl down at the pool was now squirming in feline pleasure, sensuously wiggling her shoulders in obvious delight as her companion pressed his ever-present erection against her left arm.
"Jesus, if we had film of them I bet we could screw all day and night without stopping," Mark panted, his cock still in hand and dripping precum.
"I'd suck you off, but I want to watch her too," Marcie said moving away from the dresser and closer to him but leaving a noticeable wet mark on the furniture.
Then they forgot themselves as the girl's greedy hand made its way to her bikinied mound, slipped two extended fingers between her legs, and gave her pussy a vigorous rub as she leaned into her male companion and playfully bit the ever-present python-like bulge in his speedos.
"Huhh--uh—huh!" Marcie gasped as she returned to humping the corner of the dresser--this time so hard that it moved several inches across the tiled floor. Mark began fisting his hard on so furiously that when he ejaculated, he spewed several ropes of tumescent sperm onto the tiled floor several inches from Marcie's brightly painted toenails.
"FUCK!" they both groaned in sync. And moments later both were vying for a view through the optical instrument in time to see the girl twisting the material of her bottom bikini and pulling upward on the narrow gusset until it was deeply embedded between her cunt lips. As she stretched the twisted scrap she arched upward, raising her hips off the chair, and straining upward caught in the throes of her self-induced arousal. She held that pose, head thrown back, eyes clenched shut, brow wrinkled with lines of urgency, body bowed in a rigid arc. The voyeuristic couple watched open mouthed as she yanked the tight strip of cloth even deeper in a lewd parody of fucking.
The muscles of her calves strained as she rose up on her toes. She was tossing her head from side to side, flinging her long silky hair wildly, and working with mounting urgency. But then abruptly, at the last minute, she pulled back from the onrushing climax. Perhaps wanting to prolong it or maybe she was unable to quell the demand to finish. In any case, her fist opened, releasing the crinkled bikini bottoms and she fell back in a heap while the rolling waves of pleasure gradually subsided.
She lay quiet for a time, recovering her equilibrium. Mark focused the lens on her face to find her cheeks flushed, her nostrils flaring, her breath coming in rapid heaves through moist, parted lips. Her fine eyelashes fluttered as her boyfriend/husband approached. He saw her eyes narrowing into slits, before closing down and then her right hand which had come to rest on the shallow depression just below her navel, moved lower. Soon the whole hand nosed under the bikini bottom, burrowing between her moistened thighs, until her curving palm cupped her needy sex.
A surge of powerful lust electrified Mark at the erotic sight of the girl pleasuring herself with her fist jammed into her bikini bottoms. He couldn't help but allow his own hand to piston in time to her churning rhythms. Soon she was humping furiously, her lovely features once again contorted, jaws clenched, teeth bared, as she raced toward an explosive climax.
Suddenly her eyes flew open, through parted lips she drew a quick intake of breath, gasping at the intensity of the onrushing wave of pure ecstasy sweeping her up as she rubbed with renewed intensity and came, hips gyrating wildly and bucking violently as the shuddering orgasm arrived throughout her trembling body.
Mark yanked furiously on his own cock and the discharge came rocketing up in powerful pulsating jets, thick wads of creamy cum that arched up through the air as insurmountable pleasure shook him to his very core. His legs were rubbery, and he staggered back, eyes fluttered and closed.
Scant seconds later the boyfriend/husband seemingly furious was at her side, grabbing her wrist and pulling her up from the deck chair and ushering her off to their room.
"He must have a telescope too," Marcie said dryly.
Mark glanced at his precum covered cock head and snarled angrily, "Fuck!"
"Maybe they'll be an encore later, baby," Marcie said, then whooped with joy as Mark scooped her up, carried her to their king-sized bed and fell upon her.
Marcie wrapped her legs round his waist and chortled, "Give it to me, big boy. Give to me like you want to give it to her!"
"If only that were possible," he lamented.
"I wouldn't mind doing either or even both of them myself," Marcie said in a husky voice before taking his throbbing member deep into her throat while he worked a huge dildo into her sodden cunt.
_____________________
Later that afternoon the honeymooning Newlin's set out to make it a point to meet the big chested girl and her well-endowed lover.
"I'm sure they've already done the rain forest thing," Marcie said as they set their beach bags down next to their respective lounge chairs several feet from where the young couple had been earlier that morning.
"We'll probably catch them here after they've finished... um, whatever ..."
"I'm sure we will, Mark honey. But the boy's a bull, soooo."
"Yeah—yeah," Mark growled uncomfortably. "Don't go putting me out to pasture, Marcie. I'm still in my twenties."
Marcie blanched at having struck a nerve in her husband's pride. "No—no--no, Baby. I didn't mean anything against you or your performance in the sack. You Are Spectacular!" She began to caress his penis and it responded immediately.
An older couple passing by smiled and kept going to the other side of the pool.
"No—no, I meant that they are a very sexy couple, and as we're on our honeymoon and a tiny bit more sexually charged than usual, they seem to have gotten both of us wanting even more."
"So, you'd fuck him then," Mark said, peevishly as he began rubbing lotion on her back.
"Well, I know you'd boink her in an instant too, Darling. You know you would."
That said, she gave his still rising erection a good squeeze before relinquishing it and grabbing a paperback she had been reading off and on.
He shrugged and admitted as much, saying: "I guess."
About thirty minutes later after a refreshing pina colada Mark sauntered into the bathroom and watched his bride urinate. Marcie found it funny and after wiping herself sat on the bathroom sink while rummaging in her purse for a condom; finding one, she beckoned him closer and with the condom in her mouth, placed it on his penis.
They both moaned as he entered her. She anchored one foot to the floor and pushed off the counter with the other. They fucked silently in the dim lighting of the bathroom with the clatter of the toiletries behind her the only sound other than their respective grunts.
Mark took time to show his love by kissing her on the mouth, neck, eyes, and ears. Stopping before he ejaculated to hoist her back up on the sink and going down on her until she came shrieking his name over and over.
Then still shuddering from her climax, she licked her juices from his face and mouth then sank to her knees and blew him, taking the condom off his penis first.
"That was marvelous, Markie," she said breathlessly. But you were sooo good that I'd like to do something special for you. I—I just don't know what. Have anything you'd like me to do?"
"Have something dirty in mind, Marcie?"
"Yeah," she smiled, "Shopping, but I think you'll like it too."
"Really?"
Marcie nodded. "The shop keeper is a keeper," and then she giggled lewdly.
"A friend of mine told me about this place and said it's too good to pass up."
THE SHOP OWNER - VIVIAN
The olive-toned woman that waved to them late the following day as they entered a very fashionable combined boutique-antique shop was rivetingly beautiful. Both Mark and Marcie couldn't help but stare. Admittedly, they both surreptitiously watched her progress as she served the only other customer in the shop, a frumpy middle-aged woman who was still haggling over the price of two evening dresses.
The recent newlyweds contented themselves by browsing through some bright colored clothing while evaluating the saleswoman through the reflection of the glass window of the establishment. Her dusky skin appeared to be tinted in a rustic pattern, and as she drifted toward the register, the planes of her cheekbones licked the austere lines of a striking silver tea set.
Marcie shivered as her husband traced a single fingertip down the clothed ridge of her spine. "Find anything yet?" He inquired, although his eyes were still fixed on the very attractive woman he assumed to be the proprietor, his voice was a low, playful chastisement in her ear.
"Mmmm, her," Marcie whispered, nodding her head discretely towards the willowy, dark-haired, olive-skinned beauty as the customer left with both dresses. The woman's attention was now entirely taken up with a large crystal and bronze centerpiece made almost a century ago for the dinner table of some long dead patron of the decorative arts as she discreetly pretended to ignore the couple inspecting some of the more expensive items on display.
"She looks delicious," Mark said his voice, if anything even lower now as he pressed his body into his newlywed spouse's derrière. His lips brushed her ear. "Are you hungry?"
Marcie smiled, and knowing exactly what her husband meant, nodded, and ran the tip of her tongue quickly over lips that had dried in the still air of the shop. But between her legs, the anticipation of a hunt not yet embarked upon brought blood to her cunt, swelling it to a dull, needy ache.
Still keeping track of the lithe feline proprietor out of the corner of her eye, Marcie turned to Mark. "Shall we see if we can have her for dinner?"
He pursed his mouth in mock consideration then relented into a smile, "You sound like Hannibal Lector, dear."
"Be serious Mark," his wife said but she was smiling.
"Charm, finesse or full-frontal assault?" He said, returning the smile and answering her question.
"I'm not sure yet," she replied as another potential customer looked covetously through the shop windows before sighing and moving on. The attractive woman behind the counter, perhaps an inch or even two taller than Marcie, glanced up at them before saying, in perfect English, "I'll be with you in a moment."
Marcie decided that the woman's clothes suited her, but they weren't as fashionable as her own merchandise on the racks and counters. Her long dark skirt covered the tops of a pair of expensive black boots. She wore a loose, textured cardigan over a plain burgundy shirt. And as Marcie stooped to take a closer look at a cloisonné snuffbox on display, her eye caught the creamy roundness of one full breast. The woman turned her head to the side and worried her lower lip with her perfect white teeth.
"What do you think?" Marcie asked, thinking incorrectly that Mark didn't fully realize how insatiable an appetite she had for sex with either gender. Although there had been that night when he'd helped teach Mary Kaye Huntsman a lesson for watching them through the porthole on their houseboat. Salivating at the thought of both of them ravishing this lovely Costa Rican, she completely forgot that Mark had seen her and the teen aged Aniah not once, but twice as they engaged in unbridled, wanton sex as a threesome. She thought she knew him well enough that he would agree to pursue this gem of a woman. After all he had gotten them both excited at the thought of them seducing the young woman in the bikini and her studly lover as they'd spied on them through the telescope.
Mark considered her question for a moment before saying, "I think she'll get spooked if we pounce. But you do your thing then let me talk with her to see how she responds."
And so, Marcie took the slower route toward seducing the woman, saying: "Hello, my husband and I are here on," she paused for a beat before going on. "... Vacation; and just happened to see your shop while walking around this part of town. What you have for sale is quite interesting."
"Thank you," the woman replied, and they both noted that she had only the tiniest accent to her command of the English language. "I own and operate the place. My name ... well, everyone calls me Vivian."
"I assume you're a native Costa Rican," Marcie said walking over to Vivian and they shook hands.
"Yes I am. You seem surprised at my use of English."
"Well, it's nearly perfect," Marcie said.
"Marcie," Mark said, "that's rather impolite."
"No—no," Vivian said, "Costa Rica is a linguistically diverse country and home to at least five local indigenous languages spoken by the descendants of pre-Columbian peoples. However, the prevailing language is Spanish with French running a close second. As you move around our country you'll no doubt encounter several other languages being used."
She noticed Mark appraising her breasts, but like most females, shrugged it off preferring to take it as a complement rather than an insult.
She glanced at Marcie and was pleased to see that she had seen the glance she'd given her husband and continued with her linguistic explanation. "Immigration has also brought people and languages from various countries around the world. Probably most noteworthy is the German migration that took place here during the 19th and 20th centuries; not to mention we have the largest Italian community in Central America, with more than 2,500 Italians living in the country; in addition, there almost 2,000 Swiss; and roughly the same amount of Chinese. I like to think that we're not unlike the United States with our variety of nationalities.
Vivian stopped talking and took a breath as she studied Marcie for a long moment then said, "You're a nine."
"No," Marcie protested, "I'm an eight!"
The darker haired Vivian laughed and said, in excellent English, "I meant on the scale that men use to judge women, not dress size. That I knew the moment you walked in the door."
Oh," Marcie replied, "Well then thank you for that complement."
Marcie reached up and touched the other woman's face. "Nine, huh? Well, you're right there beside me for that matter."
Mark had been wandering around the shop now joined them as they stood in front of an Empire period gold and claret chaise lounge. It was opulent, gilded, bolsters plump and rounded.
"That was very interesting," he said lightly, smiling at his wife and then acknowledging Vivian with a polite tilt of his head. He surveyed the couch with a laconic eye. "Imagine the stories this piece could tell."
Vivian furrowed her brow for a moment and then laughed. It was throaty, rich proof that she was perfectly capable of imagining exactly the sort of things Mark had in mind.
Marcie introduced them, and the three of them chatted and made their unhurried way through the rest of the European furnishings. Eventually they settled on three small items including the aforementioned cloisonné snuffbox.
All in all, they spent $327 dollars, American. Everyone was pleased, and Vivian decided to close up for the day after Mark graciously invited her to join them for a drink to celebrate their purchases.
"Um, well I don't know. There are things I need to do," the proprietor said quickly.
"Dinner then," he said moving over to a rack with several expensive blouses on it. He chose one, a silken almost transparent white that cost at least $300 American.
"When you join us for dinner I want you to wear this top," he selected a dress from the rack of clothing off to his right. "Your size, of course. Just add it to my credit card. Oh, please don't wear the boots you have on at the moment. A pair of four-to-six-inch heels will suffice.
Her eyes widened at how specific his instructions were. "Is that all?" she asked flushing from head to toe.
"No," he said so softly Vivian took a step backward. "Um, what else?"
"Nothing beneath the blouse."
"No...nothing?"
"Right," turning to his wife he said, "That's how you move about isn't it, Marcie?"
"Yes, almost all the time now."
Turning back to Vivian, he said, "And you can pick out a skirt to match. Hose is appropriate tonight; it's already cold and windy. But as I said, nothing under it."
It was dark and windy out when they left the shop and waited while Vivian locked up. The wind had a cruel bite to it and when Mark saw Vivian shiver and pull her cardigan sweater closer around her, he slid his arm through hers as he had already done with Marcie.
Vivian gave a nervous smile but leaned into him as a buffer against the strong breeze. Her dark eyes flitted from Marcie's face to Mark's and back. The wind whipped at her lovely black hair, pulling it into momentary echoes of the dark, bare branches of the trees that lined the street.
"This is unusual weather for this time of year. I wonder if a storm is coming, although the weather report didn't mention it," she said, looking at Marcie's face admiringly.
Marcie held a smile frozen in place, but her heart raced as Vivian hesitated. "I don't know. I think, maybe I'll pass on the drink. I have so much to do at home."
The explanation was too long, too complete. Marcie knew at once she wanted to accept, but was intimidated, most likely by Mark's presence. Marcie opened her mouth to offer some further persuasion, but Mark caught her eye and shook his head almost imperceptibly. Withdrawing a pen and card from his jacket pocket, he quickly wrote something on the paper and handed it to Vivian.
"What a pity, Vivian. But we do understand. This is our hotel and room number, should you decide to change your mind. We were planning to eat at about nine. You are more than welcome to join us."
Vivian took the card after another moment of hesitation. "Thank you, but under the circumstances I don't think it's possible for me."
Mark shrugged as if it wasn't of the least importance. He put an arm around his wife's shoulder, pulling her to his side.
"It was lovely to meet you, Vivian," Mark said. "But if you decide to join us for dinner ... well, you have your instructions. Ciao!"
"Ciao!" Vivian said in reply and turned back toward the boutique.
Mark flagged a taxi. Nestled into the back seat of the dark cab, Marcie sighed. "You were right about spooking her," and closed her eyes as a pair of warm lips pressed against her cheek. "Don't act disappointed, love, she'll show up. I know she will, she has a bit of the submissive about her."
"And if she doesn't, lover?"
"I'll find some way to make it up to you."
Despite feeling let down by Vivian's refusal, she smiled and tucked her warm fingertips between his crossed legs. "Ohhh, and how will you do that?" She purred. Already putting the vivacious Vivian out of her thoughts.
Mark gave a little growl. It was the sound he always made when he was thinking something filthy in public. I'll fuck you till you can't breathe in a bath full of warm bubbles. Will that do?"
Of course, it would. Marcie adored a warm bubble bath and always had.
The thing about sex in bathtubs is that one mustn't be in a rush. A frenzied fuck is better delivered against a wall, over a table, or in a bed. Splashing is for swimming pools, but bathtub sex must, Mark always insisted, start with a long, delicious soak, interspersed with lazy bouts of fondling.
After a short period of cradling her breasts with both hands, Mark urged Marcie to shift position so that she faced him. Then lying in the cradle of heat and froth, Marcie let the ball of her foot travel along the inside of his thigh. Opposite her, Mark lay back against the white porcelain, eyes closed, hair slicked back. A thin sheen of sweat glinted over the planes of his face. It was not quite a handsome face, but it was beautiful: A little too noble to be pretty, his lips a little too wicked to be cherubic. They crooked upwards as she ran the sole of her foot up the shaft of his semi-erect penis.
"You don't give me a moment's rest, do you, lover?" He said without opening his eyes. The forward press of his hips sent islands of foam bobbing over the surface of the water.
She slipped a little lower, cradling his erection between both feet. "You can rest when you're dead."
He groaned pleasurably. "You'll be the death of me."
"Not if you're the death of me, first. There are worse ways to go."
"Indeed, there are. Come here," he said, pulling one of her ankles up over his shoulder and plunging a hand between her submerged thighs.
_______________________
Vivian tried the outfit on at the boutique before deciding. She even practiced walking in six-inch heels before admitting that she wasn't capable of walking any reasonable distance without spraining or possibly breaking an ankle. The four-inch heels would have to do.
She was not too sure about going without a bra. The fabric of the blouse against her nipples was much too sensitive. Her nipples remained hard, jutting out like neon signage calling everyone's attention to them. Was that what he wanted? What about the woman? Were they a pair, expecting her to perform with both of them?
That thought caused a little shudder in her loins and she bit her lip thinking of how long it had been since she'd had a cock. She smiled to herself. It had been years since she had lain with a woman. Now the possibility of having both of them share her excited her to the point of having to masturbate in the boutique's bathroom shower.
_______________________
At 8:20 the phone in their hotel room rang and Mark was smiling as he answered. "Hello?"
"Mark? Hi, it's Vivian. Um, if that dinner invitation still stands, I'd love to accept it."
Marcie still nude after fellating him while they bathed in tub, mouthed the word, 'Vivian?' and clapped hands gleefully when he nodded while firming up the dinner invitation with the boutique owner, and then reserved a table for three in a discrete corner of the restaurant.
______________________
At 9 sharp, Vivian got out of the taxi thinking that everyone around here knew exactly what she was going to be doing shortly. Her four-inch heels were clicking down the sandstone pathway leading to the hotel restaurant by the beach. She was nervous and her stomach was in knots. The thirty-year-old Costa Rican couldn't believe she was actually going to go through with this. With each successive step she reminded herself that she could turn around at any time and call it all off. Her pace slowed considerably as entered the hotel's lobby and looked around before seeing the restaurant off to her left.
The wrap she wore did conceal the almost transparency of the blouse, but once inside the restaurant she would be removing it. Then what? Thank God for the black tights that provided warmth of sorts from the crisp wind that still blew down the street as she carefully walked to the hotel entrance. But she was so excited by what lay ahead that she was certain the crotch of the tights was already wet with her desire to be ravished by the couple waiting inside that her hands were shaking.
Why on earth had she done what they--no-- he had told her to? Why had she dared go out in public dressed like this? And more importantly what had he or she said to put her in this condition with tiny drops of her juices running down the inside of her thighs? Why did her extended nipples chafe at the texture of the transparent blouse as she walked from the taxi to the hotel?
Oh God. Am I doing the right thing? She asked herself as her nervousness neared panic levels causing her to second-guess her decision.
She came to a halt at the restaurant entrance only to have the door abruptly open with Mark standing there, wearing a brilliant white shirt with long puffy sleeves and dark blue slacks. In Vivian's eyes he was tall, dark, and handsome, with a gorgeous body, all lean muscle, and perfectly defined, with smooth tanned skin.
"Oh Vivian, there you are!" He said, making it sound like a movie star had just arrived as he smiled wryly, bracing his hands against both sides of the door like a jungle cat staring down his prey.
"Perfect timing; Marcie's inside, we've just been seated."
"How did you know I was..."
"I've been watching you through the doorway. We figured you'd be exactly on time. I was just waiting to see how long it was going to take you to walk in, and then of course, you seemed to hesitate, and I took it upon myself to make sure you didn't change your mind. You haven't, have you?"
"Oh no! To be honest, I'm not sure this is such a good idea..." Her voice trailed off unconvincingly.
Mark let out a low laugh. "Sounds like you need more persuasion."
Vivian smiled nervously. "It's not that. You see, it's really..." but before she could ramble through another excuse, he stepped forward and took hold of her wrist, drawing her toward him, until he had a hand around her waist steering her into the restaurant.
Vivian yelped with surprise he quickly ushered her over to a table set in a darkened corner of the restaurant. Vivian's heart started pounding in response to the sudden shift in the uncertainty of her plans. A waiter made for their table, but Marcie was on her feet and embraced Vivian then kissed her. Startled by the kiss, Vivian's mouth opened, and Marcie wasted no time sending her tongue darting into it.
I don't think I can do this, She thought, but changed her mind the moment Marcie ended the kiss and Mark pressed the length of his hard, muscular body against her as he helped her sit down. Vivian squirmed in her chair and returned the smile that Marcie was beaming at her.
"Aren't you forgetting something?" Marcie said with a knowing smile.
"Oh ... what?"
"Your cute little jacket, it's not windy in here Vivian."
"Oh, yes ... I'm sorry I just forgot myself," and she opened the jacket and let Mark remove it from her shoulders and place it on the extra chair at their table, leaving Vivian with her nipples clearly visible through the almost transparent blouse.
"Ohhh, I love your blouse, Vivian," Marcie said. "Very daring."
"Daring is the right word, but I would add, tantalizing as well," Mark said ignoring the fact that he had selected the blouse and told her to wear it sans bra. He sat down openly leering at her, his eyes lingering on the middle button of her blouse as it strained to contain her heaving breasts.
"You know, I think you nearly gave the waiter a heart attack ... not that I blame him," he said in a lower voice. "You looked very tasty just then when you were kissing my wife. Of course, I didn't get as good a look at them as he did..."
Oh, my god, I'm aroused already! Vivian thought and tried to divert attention from her breasts by losing herself in the usual inane conversational gambits one uses when meeting people one really doesn't know.
"You look ..." Vivian's voice trailed as she struggled for the right word, for Marcie was leaning forward and exposing a great deal of her own breasts from the low-cut bodice of her black evening dress. "God, I'm a little nervous, I guess. But Marcie, you look, well, stunning actually."
"We girls have to show off once in a while, right?" Marcie said with a smile.
"We do!" Vivian agreed as Mark's hand dropped on her knee and Marcie moved even closer and kissed her neck. Vivian found her lips quite soft as they pressed into her skin. She had forgotten how soft girls were. She sighed, not reacting to the hand now on her lower thigh for it had been such a long time without having any sex. The hand was hot against her skin, making her arch a little.
How does he do it? She thought to herself. He sits there so cool and confident while stroking my leg as if nothing is happening. He's just so assured, as if he's in complete control, as if he knows exactly what he wants and he knows he's going to get it.
"You're already wet," He said, "Did you enjoy the walk from the taxi in those heels?"
"Yes ... you know I like that about you two."
"What's that?" Marcie said smiling benevolently.
"You're ... so open, so frank. Most people ..." Then in a rush Vivian confessed that it's been months since she'd had sex.
"Ohhh," Mark grinned. "And what kind do you prefer?"
"Um, that's embarrassing..."
"You're among friends. Very close friends," he added rubbing his hand over her tights, then frowned, but said nothing further.
"Okay, I like oral, but not fucking so much."
"Why?" Marcie cut in, knowing the question might open doors to their prey faster than planned.
"Well, um, my um, partners didn't satisfy me. It was all about them. You know, wham-bam-goodbye ma'am."
Marcie laughed and then leaned in and kissed her. Vivian welcomed the other woman's tongue, sucking on it with extra oomph to show her appreciation.
Oh My God, I'm going to get it on with both of them! Vivian realized, and when the kiss ended she went on in a ramble telling Marcie more so than Mark about her first time with a woman.
"I never realized I was attracted to women that way. I mean I would go to the movies as a teen and one day realized that I was as attracted to the female lead as I was to the male. Not long after I met a slightly older woman, um, she was twenty-eight, who told me she was bisexual. I asked her how she could go both ways and she said it just happened, sort of like this. You meet someone you like; you tell them; if she's interested she'll let you know. Women have a way of being passive, so you need to be assertive if you want to succeed. I told her that I was attracted to her then asked if she was interested in me. We were in her bedroom ten minutes later. I'll never forget the first time I unhooked her bra. I fumbled it just as so many boys do, but we made love for two hours and the sensations of excitement, lust, emotions and sheer beauties of it all are intertwined in a memory I cherish."
"Did you eat her?" Mark inquired.
"Oh, I loved eating her. I loved holding her breasts and her holding mine. When I left I was exhausted physically and mentally?"
"I should tell you that I'm mad at you Vivian," he said.
"What? Why, did I say something that offended you?"
He frowned. "Why are you wearing tights? Wasn't I clear about that?"
She bit her lip wondering how he could possibly know they weren't thigh high stockings. And then realized he'd just felt right up her leg and met the crotch of her tights. She tried explaining how her state of excitement was causing certain fluids to run down her legs and stockings would not have concealed it from the many eyes on her as she dined with them in the restaurant.
"You think I didn't know that when I told you how to dress? You don't get to fuck with me, Vivian. Lift your skirt up and show us how wet you are."
She stopped breathing.
"Now!"
As her mind protested, she half stood and her hands moved, lifting the skirt up to her waistline. The dampened crotch of her black tights was clearly visible to both Mark and Marcie.
"Now sit down." He seemed mollified to some extent since she'd forgone the use of undies under the tights and she sat quickly, hoping no one else had seen her lifting the skirt. She felt the cold seat of her chair through the thin material of the tights and gasped.
Marcie snickered. "Should have done as you were told," she said as Vivian looked around embarrassed that someone might have seen her lift her skirt for them. Marcie suddenly gripped her arm so tightly that it hurt. "Are you worried; you actually think anyone cares you showed him your fucking tights?" Vivian barely nodded. What it meant was undecipherable. "Or are you more frightened that part of you likes this? Wants to be seen?" Marcie said.
She couldn't answer. The fire between her legs had grown to the point it was preventing her from talking coherently.
Marcie continued berating the other woman. "Right now, you're thinking this is a test of some kind. You're telling yourself; they don't mean what they're saying."
But Marcie refuted any other semblance of what she meant by letting her hand trail up Vivian's leg toward the source of the fire. "Let's enjoy each other while we dine, shall we?" And then she jabbed her middle finger into Vivian's tight-covered cunt.
"Come closer, Vivian," Marcie hissed quietly. The other woman's eyes widened, and she paused as if to catch her breath, and then her lips parted and she bent her head forward and downward to Marcie, who leaned over the table to close the distance between them, and they brushed lips.
Vivian tried to put the finger out of her mind and lost herself in the softness of Marcie's mouth.
Marcie lingered near her neck, marveling at how fragrant the woman's hair smelled as it brushed against her face. She inhaled deeply and kissed her near the ear, and murmured, "God, you smell like sex already." She kissed her mouth again, softly at first, a little hesitantly, until feeling Vivian's lips open and her tongue quickly mingled with Marcie's.
Marcie kissed her slow but hard, obviously more ardently than before, searching Vivian's mouth with her tongue.
Mark saw that both women's breathing was noticeably heavier, and that the taller woman's eyes few wide open like a startled rabbit then closed as Marcie pressed her lips more firmly to her mouth.
"I like the cherry taste in your mouth," Vivian murmured, eyes still closed, not pulling away, but swaying slightly as the kiss ended.
"It's mouthwash; I fellated my husband, earlier and ..."
Vivian blanched at her crudeness as they were not longtime friends but had only met a few short hours before.
But Mark laughed and turning to Vivian said, "Don't let her embarrass you. I don't mind it, and why should you care that my wife likes sucking my cock? By the way, did you enjoy kissing Marcie?"
"Yes, it was ... nice."
"Only nice? I should have thought since you already had juices flowing down your leg that her mouth--which I know can do marvelous things--would have you highly aroused and wanting more. Am I wrong?"
Vivian stared at him for a long moment, weighing her reply. Finally, she smiled and said, "No, you're not wrong."
Then she turned to face Marcie again and kissed her back. This kiss had more force to it, and her hands were more decisive, weaving around Marcie's neck and head, while her fingers intertwined with Marcie's hair.
Their waiter approached, took note of how they were devouring one another, and did an about face, retreating to a respectable distance where he waited for the right opportunity to approach the table. The two women either ignored him or had not noticed him at all. Then Marcie maneuvered the taller Vivian out of her chair to the wall just beyond their table. Vivian, already unsteady on her feet, slumped against it, her arms round Marcie's neck, her tongue surging into the other's mouth.
Mark watched with interest as first Marcie was dominant, licking Vivian's neck, then thrusting her tongue into the other' woman's open mouth and having it sucked in return. Before long Vivian asserted herself, licking Marcie's outstretched tongue, then biting it gently; but then Marcie returned the passion with furious thrusts of her own tongue into Vivian's mouth.
Mark, acutely aware that someone other than the waiter might come round the corner any minute, checked the surrounding area to see how safe they were from being interrupted. It appeared safe enough as the waiter had retreated to the kitchen, and Mark turned back to the women and found Marcie had already moved beyond just kissing.
He had seen something similar to this with his bride before. He recalled watching her and the teenage Aniah in her apartment shortly after they'd met. And later on, when they had confronted Mary Kaye Huntsman, the multi-millionaire voyeur who they caught watching them and how Marcie had later turned the tables on her.
Now his bride was running her hands up and down the shop owner's ribs, pressing her thumbs then her palms against her breasts. Vivian failed to protest but carried on with the kissing and lip nibbling. Things accelerated between the two women as Marcie began fondling the raven-haired woman's breasts through the silken material of her blouse.
Mark joined in by rubbing his fingers over the mouth of Vivian's cunt, and between the women's panting and heavily breathing heard his wife sigh, "Ah, how marvelous they feel through the silk!"
"I'm glad you like them."
"I do! I do!"
Which caused him to laugh and say, "Me too! Me too!"
"Why don't you lift them out," Vivian gasped between kisses. "Just be careful with the buttons, it's a very expensive blouse."
A second later Vivian laughed lewdly as both breasts burst free of the blouse. Marcie's eyes widened with lust as she studied the half dollar sized areolas on Vivian's chest. Marcie rubbed her palms over both breasts and giggled wildly as she saw the nipples hardening before her eyes. Then she grasped both and pulled on them, causing Vivian to moan.
"Mark, you've got to feel these ... they're soooo firm and resilient!"
Mark pulled his hand from under the skirt and took a moment to free his erection from its cramped quarters before giving Vivian's fully exposed right breast a gentle squeeze while Marcie playfully bit the nipple on the other.
Vivian moaned quietly and allowed them free rein with her breasts, knowing the waiter wouldn't intrude although he might be watching from a distance.
Perhaps a minute passed before Marcie left off her breast to savagely thrust her tongue into Vivian's mouth while tugging at the nipple.
"God, I'm cumming!" Vivian breathed past Marcie's tongue, and then pulled away, her eyes now wide in startled surprise. "I'm really cumming," she said again seeming bewildered by the fact.
"Now!" She pulled Mark's hand away from her breast and thrust it between her legs, lifting at the hem of her skirt to get it out of the way. Mark's fingers renewed their rubbing at the harsh fabric.
"No, inside, I need you inside! Help me out, Marcie!" Vivian panted as she nipped at Marcie's left ear lobe and the part of her neck just below it.
Marcie twisted the panting woman's face to hers and kissed her hard while her hand slipped past the waistband of Vivian's tights with assistance from Vivian who held the elastic waistband stretched out making it easier for Marcie to reach deeper and find the swampy morass awaiting her knowing fingers before Mark managed to tear through the gusset of her tights.
"Ooooh, yes," Vivian whimpered, "Oh God, yes please." Her face was ecstatic then she started to moan and clamped her lips around Marcie's tongue once more, muffling the long-drawn-out wail that followed as both hands sent fingers into Vivian's sodden cunt.
Mark glanced around them. Surely someone would come by and interrupt things?
No one did.
The keening wail died down to a sob. Vivian had her arms round Marcie, clinging to her for support, resting her head on Marcie's shoulder, eyes still closed. Marcie was kissing her neck, biting at her hair, as she churned the fingers embedded in Vivian's cunt. Trying to find a better angle Marcie moved her arm only to hear Vivian plead, "Nooo, don't take them out yet. I haven't ... quite ... finished ... ooooh, that's it ... just one more ... please? Mmmm, lovely, lovely, lovely."
She swayed a little despite clinging on to Marcie, and then her eyes flicked open, and she looked straight at Mark. "Ohhh, this is sooo embarrassing!" Vivian said, apologizing as if she'd dropped a napkin or silverware on the floor. "That's never happened before."
Mark extracted his finger and casually brought it to his nose and sniffed.
Marcie laughed, "Me neither," as Vivian unwound herself from her neck. But her eyes revealed that she had, all too many times. They pulled away from each other as Mark coughed softly reminding them they were in a public place.
"Look at me, I'm a mess," Vivian said, expertly replacing her breasts back under her blouse and quickly buttoning up. And I'm so wet. God, I hope I don't smell when the waiter comes by to take our order," Vivian said.
"You have a divine odor down there," he said with a winning smile that forbade her answering unkindly.
"Wait," Marcie said, and turned her halfway round.
"What is it?" Vivian asked glancing back down over her shoulder.
"It's alright. Your skirt is tucked into your tights. I'll fix it." Marcie pulled it out for her and smoothed out the wrinkles.
Marcie smiled at her. "Look, I know I started it, but when you said you liked the cherry taste in my mouth, and then you didn't stop me from feeling your tits, well, I just lost it. I couldn't stop. Sorry."
"Don't be sorry," Vivian said, "Really. It was just as much my fault. I didn't want you to stop, not after we got started. Look, I've really, really never done anything quite like that before. Not this quickly anyway. You two don't talk about things like this to anyone else, do you?"
"Of course not," Marcie replied, casting a warning look at her husband.
"We'd better order, or they'll throw us out," Marcie said, and waved at their waiter who had reappeared and stood waiting some twenty feet away, the bulge in his slacks definitely noticeable to anyone looking that way.
"I wonder if you'd mind going to the ladies' room and removing those tights. I'd like to touch you during dinner if you don't mind," Mark said.
"At this point I'd be delighted to get out of them. You've torn the hell out of them and if we're going from here to your room ..."
"We are, and you're coming with us," Marcie said.
"Then if you'll excuse me, I'll take care of it."
"Mind if I accompany you?" Marcie said.
"No, I'd like that very much."
"Oh, Mark?" Vivian said coyly.
"Yes, Vivian?"
"Thank you for tearing them. It's given me a chance to get to know the two of you much better."
"Don't be too long, dinner will get cold," he said.
"No, it won't, we're going to be too hot for anything to cool down," Marcie said over her shoulder as the two women made for the ladies' powder room, hand in hand, derrieres swinging in tandem.
Once inside the powder room Marcie checked the stalls and found them all empty. She practically shoved Vivian into the furthest stall from the entrance before licking her neck while Vivian moaned happily and started unbuttoning her blouse.
"Just marking my territory, Baby," Marcie whispered before nipping at her ear, and then while Vivian carefully hung her blouse on the hook of the stall door, Marcie removed her skirt and hung it over the blouse. Vivian was already fingering herself when Marcie worked her into a prone-like position on the toilet seat with her head hanging off and almost touching the floor. This put her cunt in front of Marcie's face. She carefully enlarged the hole in her tights and then rubbed Vivian's freshly shaven cunt with her finger. Vivian moaned loudly, "Oh YEAH!"
"Shut up, you want someone opening the damn door on us?"
"Sorry, sorry, sorry!" Vivian whispered.
I'm going to own her tonight, Marcie thought as she circled the other woman's opening with her tongue. Vivian's breathing quickened. "Yeah," she said huskily, "Ohhh yeah!"
"Want the works, Viv?" Marcie panted.
"YES—YES!"
With a deft move, Marcie sent her middle finger along the slot of Vivian's cunt. Certainly, wet enough, Marcie thought. She decided to eat her without further dallying and pressed her mouth to her without another thought and tasted everything. Her juices, sweat and a faint flavor of urine dominated. Vivian grabbed her head and started to moan as Marcie pushed her tongue in as far as she could manage.
"Oh fuck! Make me cum ... make me come!"
Marcie came along with her. Without so much as a hand touching her, her body shook and exploded with emotion as much as anything else. But she kept at Vivian, licking, biting, and sucking until they both fell to the hard floor in a tangle of arms and legs amid the urine stains and god knows what else was splattered on the floor of the stall.
"You're one of those fast climaxers aren't you?" Marcie said breathing heavily as she helped Vivian up.
"I don't know ... I've never done anything like this," Vivian said, and Marcie believed her.
Vivian sighed and said, "Mmmm, just a second. I need to get these tights off."
"Good idea," Marcie said, and the tights came off and settled in a heap on the floor.
Marcie inhaled deeply, taking in the sexual odor wafting from her juice drenched lips, then rubbed her mouth against Vivian's tightly clenched labia. "Christ, you're so tight you might as well be a virgin. Mark will go nuts when he ..."
"No—no, it's just been a while, I'm just tight down there, you know?"
Marcie sighed, and reached up to squeeze a breast. Moments later she laughed and said, "It's fun being naughty, isn't it?" Then took the left nipple and suckled it like a baby starving for milk. When she switched breasts, her right thumb ran circles around the left nipple leaving a wet, slimy saliva coated trail.
Marcie gave an imperceptible nod as she took in Vivian's firm abdomen, and admired her navel, thinking her belly button looked like a shallow divot in a calm sea of flesh. Then she began by teasing Vivian's belly button and worked her way down to her glistening pussy, rubbing the lean, fleshy muscles of her thigh and licking the nearby sweaty nether regions.
Vivian began to masturbate as Marcie's tongue and fingers approached the oozing slit then kept the contact to the merest minimum, driving Vivian's crazy with need.
"Want my tongue inside you?" she asked, teasing her.
Vivian moaned. "P ... Please," she asked. "Please don't make me..."
"Make you beg?" Marcie said, finishing the sentence for her. Then she pursed her lips and blew across the sensitive flesh of her pussy. The other woman shuddered. Marcie licked her inner thigh and found it salty and pungent with the smell of sex.
"What do you want, Vivian?"
"I ... I don't ..."
Marcie took hold of Vivian's firm buttocks and squeezed them. Vivian groaned with pleasure. Then she forced her up so that she was facing the wall with Marcie behind her.
"What are you...?" She asked unable to see the aggressive Marcie at the moment.
She found out a second later when Marcie's tongue licked her asshole.
"JESUS!" Vivian moaned and renewed her masturbation, rubbing her clitoris frantically as Marcie's tongue inched slowly into her anus.
"OH, FUCK YEAH!" Vivian crowed.
Marcie withdrew her tongue and shoved her middle finger in to the second knuckle.
"FUCK—FUCK—FUCKKK!"
Vivian's fingers were a blur as they flew frantically over her clit.
"LICK ME, LICK ME, LICK MEEEEE!"
"Lick what, bitch?" Marcie gasped hoarsely.
"MY ASS--MY FUCKING ASS!"
"Ask nicely," Marcie demanded.
"Please," she relented. Then she said, more forcefully his time: "Put your tongue inside me! Please! Eat me out!"
That was all Marcie needed to hear. Her tongue darted into the inviting folds of her warm, moist lips. The sharp taste of a mixture of sweet and salty was strong and shocking, but she savored it.
Vivian writhed and groaned under her as she lapped up her flowing love juice. The powder room reverberated with Vivian's moans and Marcie's gasping as she licked and sucked furiously at the other's birth canal.
With her jaw beginning to tire, Marcie moved to her clit and took it gently in her teeth and gave it a slight tug then tended it to it with her tongue, pressing against it and then circling it eagerly.
Vivian's body quaked with pleasure and her moans were almost screams.
It was music to Marcie's ears. She increased the pressure on the clit and sent her middle finger back up Vivian's ass again.
Vivian's hands flailed wildly until her right hand found the back of the commode and used it to balance her. Then she bent forward so that Marcie might add another finger if she so chose.
Vivian began to shake and quiver, then her orgasm smashed into her and she almost fell to the floor and would have had Marcie not intervened.
"Get up!" she barked at the woman still in the throes of her climax.
Vivian managed to find her feet and stand.
"Kiss my ass!" Marcie said coolly and hiked up her dress. Of course, she was nude under it and when she spread her cheeks apart with both hands, Vivian bent over and not only kissed her ass, but she licked it and tried to insert her tongue, but Marcie turned away, denying her the privilege.
"Maybe later, bitch. Right now, it's time to eat dinner. Straighten your clothing, Mark is waiting."
Vivian sat on the toilet while Marcie examined her dress and decided she could brush most of whatever it was off and wash her hands thoroughly before sitting back at the table.
Vivian decided the tights were damaged beyond any further use and removed them and tossed them in the trash bin. Marcie helped her don the blouse again just to get another good feel of her marvelous breasts. Both women were giddy and thinking of closing the stall door again and might have, but two women came storming into the powder room and they contented themselves with touching up their lipstick and returned to Mark at the table.
Are you okay?" Mark inquired of Marcie when they returned to the table.
"I'm so much better than okay," she replied before taking a sip of her Champagne.
"Did you do it?" He asked.
"Yes," she said leaning in to kiss him on the mouth.
Turning to Vivian, he asked, "Did you cum?"
"Oh, I did! I think maybe three times!" She fell back in the chair and let her legs fall open. "See, no tights!"
Mark laughed and asked his wife if she had taken any pictures.
"I did!" Marcie laughed, then handed him her phone and there was Vivian's smooth pussy glistening through the opening of her torn tights. There were two other pictures of Marcie fingering Vivian, but none of her eating her, which obviously would have proven a difficult angle from which to photograph, and they did have more important things to do.
"What did you think, Vivian?" He asked after handing the phone back to Marcie.
"Oh God, she is talented!" Vivian said as she edged her skirt high enough to reveal the tights were gone and just a quick flash of her cunt. "I—I can't wait for her to do me again." Then shyly added, "Of course I expect that will be after you and I..." She took a sip of her wine knowing she'd said enough on the subject for the moment.
They began dinner with a loin warming lobster bisque, followed with venison in a hunter sauce, and, of course, more Champagne.
Vivian remained strangely quiet throughout the remainder of their meal, trying to assess what had happened to her and what lay ahead in their hotel room. She knew she was going, that was a certainty, for she had been holding Mark's cock in her left hand under the table for most of the meal and she was dying to feel it inside her.
They were on their third bottle of Champagne and Marcie was taking unladylike licks of the dark chocolate and Grand Mariner mousse that coated Vivian's spoon, when Mark suggested they return to their hotel suite after the meal.
"Oh, but I'm not finished yet, Mark," Marcie whispered, accepting the semi-coated spoon back from Vivian and giving it another long slow suck while smiling playfully at the others.
"I was asking Vivian, Darling. Have you had a change of heart, Vivian?" Mark inquired.
"No, I haven't," she replied and playfully squeezed his penis under the table. "I can't wait to see your, um, you know... What I'm holding."
Mark smiled and with a vulgar relish said, "Oh god, you're such naughty little sluts. You're making my cock sooo hard..." His eyes were sort of glazed over; his face wore an expression of pure lust, like he could just eat both of them whole.
His words hit both women hard. Vivian wanted him to force them out of the restaurant so both of them could use her as their personal whore. Then Marcie chimed in with: "Oh I promise you you'll see plenty of his you know what, and plenty of me as well. We won't be done for a long, long time."
To be continued.
What lies ahead? Why the Hotel room of course, and don't forget the girl in that white bikini. She will be heard from eventually too.