I like watching.
I don't know why.
I've been this way since I can remember.
There are places where you can do it. Where you don't have to hide in the dark and keep an eye on your exit route in case someone notices you.
I'm not proud of those days. Peepholes and such. I may like to watch, but I also like consent. I like the people I'm watching to enjoy being watched.
And that's why I come to places like this. Places that have dark corners, but also bright stages. Places that have the right amount of dirty.
I find a seat in my usual corner at the back. I like this position because though I can see most stages and seats in the area, my face is hidden in shadows. There's always that small part of me that worries, worries someone will see me - a child's parent, a co-worker, the school's principal.
There's a couple on the seat across from me. They've started already. They're kissing one another, sloppy and wet, and the man has his fingers deep in the woman's cunt.
She's obviously been here before because she has her legs wide open, letting anyone who wants to see catch a good look at the wet lips of her pussy swallowing three hungry fingers.
It's a glorious sight and I'm not the only one watching.
I feel myself become aroused as I watch.
I can smell her musky scent from where I'm sitting, and her pussy is making squelching noises. Slick drips down the man's hand, forming puddles on the ground beneath them. I wonder if she'll lick them up afterwards.
I like watching that too.
Another finger goes in.
Her pussy easily gulps down his fingers, taking almost his whole hand deep inside her canal. He leaves his thumb out though so that he can toy with her hard clit. It is visibly swollen and every time he brushes it, she jerks and his fingers go a little deeper and the squelching gets a little louder.
A small crowd has gathered around them.
Someone to my left is jerking off and I turn to discretely watch them.
He works his cock like a madman, tugging and twisting, his other hand fisting his balls, and suddenly he comes on himself, groaning loudly. I watch his cum blanket his hands and dampen his pants, but he doesn't seem to care. He just leans back with a sigh and sits with his cock and balls out, waiting until someone comes by who wants a suck.
I squirm in my seat, feeling wet and needy.
The woman in front of me comes with a soft moan, her hips bucking wildly. She squirts all over the man's wrist and arm. He pulls his fingers free and we can all see how stretched out she is.
Another man in the crowd orgasms, spurting all over his partner's waiting face and chest. I watch as they lick his cock and balls clean and then rub his cum onto their cheeks and forehead.
I'm sure I'm leaving a damp patch on the chair.
The man and woman in front of me are fucking now. He has her on her hands and knees on the couch whilst he stands on the ground behind her and ploughs into her. She grunts with each thrust and her nails dig into the couch, leaving small marks.
I can hear the wet smack of the man's balls against her straining pussy lips. Luckily, he stretched her out first with his fingers because he has a monster dick.
I let my hand slide down to my wet pussy. I cup myself over my pants and lean my head back, listening to the wet sounds the woman's cunt is making and the low moans of the man as he fucks her.
A woman next to me is being eaten out by another woman. She turns to look at me with pleasure-glazed eyes, her breathing uneven and her cheeks flushed. The woman eating her out is kneeling on the floor between her thighs, her head and shoulders lost under the folds of the woman's long skirt.
I need release.
As though hearing my thoughts, a hand appears from the shadows and slides down to cup my pussy over my hand, pushing my fingers against my hot core.
I don't even look at who it belongs to. I don't care at this point.
I close my eyes and let the stranger gently move my fingers away before sliding their fingers into my pants and panties, probing my wetness.
Another hand slides across my front and gropes my breasts, rubbing my hardened nipples.
I'm sure people are watching us, watching the watcher become the watched.
My pants are tugged down to my knees and, with my eyes still closed, I'm guided into a kneeling position over the chair I've just been sitting on. My face is gently pushed into the damp puddle I formed earlier.
I know what's to come.
I open my eyes and watch hungry eyes watch me as I watch them.
A cock slides across my sopping lips, coating itself in my liquid arousal. I hear groans and moans as the thick warmth nudges at my entrance, before thrusting in, bottoming out deep inside of me.
I gasp and clutch at the chair like the woman before me had.
The cock moves in and out. In and out. I can feel it gliding along my inner muscles, making me whimper in need.
I don't close my eyes now. I watch. Watch as people fuck and finger and deep throat one another as I'm fucked. Watch as pussies drool and cocks explode and mouths dampen as a cock thrusts into me with enough force to make my teeth rattle.
I like it hard. Anyone who has watched me before would know that.
His balls slap against my pussy and his pubic hair rubs against my ass. The force of his thrusts pushes my body forward, making my clit rub against the chair.
Fuck. It's becoming too much. The sensations, the eyes, the smell of sex in the air.
I orgasm loudly, gushing all over the cock buried deep inside of me. I feel my wetness dribble down the insides of my thighs to form little puddles on the ground. Maybe someone will watch me lick that up later.
The cock inside of me explodes, growing thicker and warmer as the person probing deep inside of me violently orgasms. They thrust a few more times before stilling, leaning over my back and gasping slightly for breath.
We stay like that for a few moments, before they pull away. My pussy spasms and our mixed cum runs down my legs. They gently run a finger through it before vanishing into the darkness of this place.
I pull myself up onto the chair and slowly tug up my pants, smearing our cum across my thighs and pussy. Once my pants are on, hugging the wetness to me, I look around. The crowd has moved on.
I smile and take my seat again, the watched becoming the watcher.