This story features consensual, joyful sex between two adults in love with each other. I hope you enjoy it! - Lily
==============
I tied Thomas's tie for him this morning.
I always tie his tie for him. The opportunity doesn't come up often, of course, only for specific events. He jokes that the best thing about working for a landscaping company is that he never has to wear a tie. For the first year of our relationship, he didn't even own a suit.
We started saving for a suit when my mother got sick knowing that, unless there was a miracle, there would be a funeral to attend within the coming months. I barely remember us buying it, now. Buying clothes specifically for a sadness that you know is approaching and you cannot avoid is such a bewildering ritual.
I tied his tie for him the day of the funeral because I was despondent, frantic about not being late, and because if I didn't do something with my hands, I knew I'd break down. He let me do it, quiet, solid, supportive. He thanked me, hugged me hard, said that it was a relief that I had done it for him. He said that he had been worried that it had been so long since he had tied a tie that he wasn't sure if he even remembered how. He was probably exaggerating, but it was exactly what I needed at that moment. I felt warm and loved and necessary. I was grateful. The rest of that terrible day passed in a combination of searing detail and blurry sadness.
After the funeral, I went about the work of rebuilding my reality, Thomas anchored me, and the suit went back into plastic until it was time for us to get dressed for our friends' wedding the following summer.
I was not prepared for my reaction when I saw him in the suit again. We had booked a crappy motel room, too far from the reception hall for both of us to be able to enjoy the open bar, but it was all we could afford at the time. He had gone back to school for a landscape architecture program, in the hopes of furthering his career and eventually starting his own business.
I had been applying my makeup in the bathroom, and when I came out and saw him in the suit, tie still untied around his neck, I was awash with emotion. Details of my mother's funeral I had long since forgotten came flooding back: Thomas holding my hand during the service, bringing me coffee and water throughout the reception afterwards, quickly introducing himself to far-distant relatives so that I wouldn't be embarrassed when my muddled brain couldn't place them. All over again, I was overwhelmed with love and gratitude for this man who had taken care of me when I needed it most.
But this time, I noticed how absolutely gorgeous he looked, all dressed up. The suit itself was nothing special, but it showcased his broad shoulders and strong physique. Only his calloused hands gave him away as someone unaccustomed to a suit, but even they were softening a little as he now spent more time behind a computer, rather than a mower. I walked over to him, carefully tied his tie, and then pulled him into a lingering kiss.
He held my hand during the ceremony. During a musical interlude, while the happy couple signed the registry, the thumb of the hand holding mine began to move. Thomas slowly caressed my thumb, the palm of my hand, the inside of my wrist. Up, around, over, under.
Suddenly, I felt faint with arousal. It was as if my hand was transmitting the sensations to my entire body. I was overwhelmed with the knowledge of two truths: the first, how completely we were going to satiate ourselves on each others' bodies that night; the second, how many hours separated this church from our motel bed.
During dinner at the reception, while we were chatting with the other guests and while Thomas was pouring me a glass of white, he reached under the table casually and put his hand on my leg, just above the knee. It was on top of my dress, but right at the hem. Then his thumb started to move again. Slowly, gently.
After a few minutes, he lifted his hand and moved it under my dress and resumed his ministrations. His hand was in the same place as before - there was nothing remotely scandalous about it - but I could feel my neck get hot and it was all I could do not to grind my pussy into the chair. When the food arrived, he withdrew his hand and made pleasant, bland conversation with our tablemates while I tried to regain my composure.
We circled the room separately after dinner ended, smiling, chatting, hugging old friends. I would glance up periodically to find him and he'd be looking back at me with a smile, or the ghost of a wink. When we came together in the room, he'd put a hand on me, around my waist or on the small of my back. That hand was never still; sometimes he would stroke me gently, other times press the pads of his fingers into me, a tiny massage that promised so much more. He brought me another glass of wine, telling me that I should enjoy myself, that he would drive us home at the end of the night.
By the time we were on the dance floor, his hands slowly moving up and down my back, up under my hair to the nape of my neck, down to the base of my spine, was practically leaping out of my dress for him. He was murmuring into my ear about how he was going to take me back to the motel and open me, first with his fingers and then his tongue. How he was going to make me come.
I pulled him even closer so I could feel him hardening against my stomach and, buoyed up by wine and desire, whispered to him how I wanted to feel his cock in my hands, rub it over my face, push it into my mouth.
That night at the motel we fucked for hours. As soon as we got into our room, I dropped to my knees, unbuckled his pants, and sucked the head of his cock into my mouth, using the tip of my tongue to gather up his precum. My hands stroked his stomach, his ass, his balls, until he groaned, pulled me to my feet, lifted my dress off over my head, and laid me on the bed.
Despite how desperate I was, he teased me relentlessly, running his hands over my body with just the tips of his fingers, kissing his way down my stomach until he finally touched his tongue to my clit, bringing me over the edge over and over until I thought I might expire with pleasure. We wallowed in each other, switching positions again and again, until I rode him to our final climax and collapsed, drained and sated, onto his chest.
"Mmmmm. We should get dressed up and go out more often." he had said, as I nestled myself sleepily into the crook of his arm.
"You look really, really good in that suit," I murmured, kissing his chest.
So when Thomas came into the kitchen in his suit this morning and asked me to tie his tie for him, my body reacted instinctively, my nipples hardening, a familiar thrum beginning to beat between my legs. But I knew he was nervous and preoccupied; he was on his way to two different job interviews.
When he graduated, he told me that he didn't want me to buy him any gifts. "We'll wait," he said firmly, "until we have more money."
But on graduation day, I gave him a second dress shirt and a second tie. The tie was blue silk, to match his eyes. It wasn't much, but it was something.
"You'll need these," I said, "for when you meet with all of your fancy clients."
He grinned, running his fingers over the tie. "Thank you, sweetie. I love it."
"That tie is going to bring you luck," I told him, standing on tiptoe to kiss him on the cheek. "I can feel it."
And he's worn that tie to every job interview he's had. But the interview this afternoon? That's the job he really wants. He'd be working with the city, helping to design their parks.
"If I get this job," he keeps telling me, "we can probably move out of this shitty apartment within a year." I don't mind our apartment; the only thing that matters is that he lives in it with me. But I know that this job would make him happy, and I want it for him.
So I kept my lustful feelings to myself. I made him a coffee to go while he wolfed down a slice of toast and grabbed an apple for the road. I kissed him goodbye, tidied up the kitchen, and then drifted restlessly into the living room.
If only we had the money for me to surprise him by taking him out for a really nice dinner, I thought. I have the next few days off, and he deserves it.
I let my mind drift to everything I would plan for him, if we had the money. A new, sexy dress to excite him. A taxi to a fancy restaurant, where we'd order cocktails and then wine with dinner. Then a different place for dessert: some chic little overpriced café.
I want to do something really special for him. I thought, a bit morosely. If only. But there must be something... what could I do...
And that is how I find myself here now, soaking in the bathtub, brimming with nerves, an hour before Thomas is due home.
I spent the day preparing.
I went out this afternoon to get takeout from our favourite Thai noodle house and put it in containers in the fridge to keep it fresh.
I dragged our most comfortable armchair out of the living room and into the bedroom. I have placed it at the foot of our bed, carefully measuring so that I know there will be room enough for me in front of it, so that there won't be any need for adjustments later.
I have put a note on our apartment door, another on the kitchen counter, and a third on the chair.
With each movement, each preparation, I became more and more excited and nervous. And now that I'm in the tub, going over and over the plan in my mind, my heart is racing, and a dull pulse has begun to beat between my legs.
My hands float through the water and up over my breasts as I think about Thomas. I think about his body, his hands, his smile. I think about how he teases and plays with my body with his lips and his fingers and his tongue until I am shaking, begging, coming over and over. He has studied me, mapped and catalogued each sensitive place on my body so that he can return to it again and again. I think about the number of times I have lost myself under his body and I am washed away in sensation.
My right hand has drifted down to my pussy; it is slick even beneath the bathwater. My left hand teases my breasts; my hard nipples buoyed to the surface between the bubbles. My feet press against the end of the tub so that I can rock my hips against my fingers. The water moves over my body as my pleasure builds, but before I take myself over the edge, I reluctantly take my hands away. I want my first orgasm tonight to be with him. For him.
I step out of the bath and pull the plug. Towelled dry and in my robe, I check again to make sure that the blinds are down and the window is closed.
I might be loud tonight.
I check my phone. He'll only be ten minutes away now. I pad down to the kitchen in bare feet and pour him a glass of white. It's cheap, but drinkable. I place it on the counter next to my note, and go back to the bedroom. I change out of my robe and into my clothes for the evening, and then slip into our tiny second bedroom. And I wait.
The minutes tick by. My nerves are jangling. I'm excited, I can feel my thighs growing wet with my juices. He's not even in the house yet and I want him so badly.
But it takes every ounce of strength that I have not to abandon my plan, rush around the apartment, make it look normal, and put on my comfy sweats and wait for him on the sofa, like I always do. I've never done anything like this.
What if he doesn't like it?
But he will like it, won't he?
I wait.
Finally, I hear the key in the lock. He must have seen the first note under the key hooks, directing him to his drink on the kitchen counter. For a moment, I panic: what if this is a mistake; what if the interviews didn't go well? But as he calls out for me, I can hear the laughter and curiosity in his voice.
"Sarah?" he calls. "Sarah, sweetie? Where are you? What's all this?"
And when I hear his voice, my nerves calm. It's Thomas. I know him. It's going to be okay. It's not going to be too much. He's going to like it.
He's going to love it.
I remain silent.
I can hear him coming down the hall towards the bedroom.. I have to stifle a laugh. IDIOT. The note said specifically that he should sit in the kitchen and enjoy his glass of wine with today's newspaper. I wanted to build the anticipation, the suspense. I should have known that he would be too curious to follow my instructions.
I love him so much.
"Sarah?" He has gone into our bedroom door now. "Sarah, what's..."
I hear him stop. He has seen the chair at the foot of the bed. He must now be seeing the note that says "RESERVED FOR THOMAS" and the one beneath it that says "Call me when you are sitting comfortably."
I hear him laugh again and settle into the chair.
"Ok, honey," he calls, playfully, "I'm 'sitting comfortably.' What's going on? Where are you?"
I take a deep breath and emerge from the second bedroom, wearing one of his dress shirts and ties. And nothing else.
The tie, the first tie I ever saw him in, is a deep burgundy. The shirt is crisp white. I ironed it this afternoon, so it would be perfect. It falls down over my hips. For all he knows, I'm wearing panties underneath.
I'm not.
His eyes light up, and his hand seems to grip his drink a little harder.
"Baby!" He says this with surprise, but a smile is already playing on his lips. "What's all this?"
I fold my arms in mock disappointment and look pointedly down at his drink. "You were SUPPOSED to finish that downstairs, Thomas. My note made that quite clear. Do you have trouble following simple instructions?"
He laughs and reaches for me. "I'm sorry, I just couldn't wait to see you. Come here."
I step away from him. "Finish your drink, please."
He keeps his eyes on me with amusement as he lifts and drains the glass. I suppress a smile. That wine is NOT good enough to drink that quickly.
I hold out my hand for his empty glass, he gives it to me, and I put it on the dresser. "Thank you, sir."
Thomas reaches for me again. "Come here, sweetie. You look so sexy in my shirt. Are you wearing anything under there?"
I almost melt, I almost give in and fall into his arms. I'm so desperate to feel his hands on my body.
But I don't.
"I will, but first I'm going to need you to do exactly what I say. I want you to put your hands on the arms of your chair. And then keep them there. No matter what. Okay?"
A slow smile spreads across his face. He lays one forearm, then the other, on the arms of the chair.
"And leave them there, Thomas. I mean it."
No words. Just a slow nod. And that smile.
I step forward so that I am right beside the chair, still facing him. I put my hands on the back of the chair, just behind his shoulders, lean in and kiss him. The kiss is gentle at first, but quickly becomes deeper and more intense. It's incredibly erotic; the only contact between us is our lips and tongues. I deepen the kiss and, without thinking, he brings his hand up to slide it around my neck, then pushes it up into my hair.
Immediately, I break the kiss. "Ahem. What did I say?"
He groans. "Baby, come on, you're killing me."
I smile. "Uh huh. That's the idea." I take his hand and put it back down on the arm of the chair.
I lean in to kiss him again. He moans into my mouth, and I can sense him shifting his hips, but he keeps his hands where I asked.
I break away again. "See? That wasn't so hard, was it?" He tilts his head and looks at me ruefully.
I kiss him on his cheek, his ear, his neck, as my hands move to his neck to loosen his tie, his blue silk tie. The blue silk tie that I gave him. "
You'll need it," I had told him. Now I need it. I pull it off him slowly, and loop it, undone, around my neck.
One by one, I open the buttons of his shirt, ghosting my fingertips across his collarbone, over his nipples, down his chest, across his stomach. He shudders, his jaw slackens, and his eyes become glassy. I can tell he's doing everything he can not to reach for me again. I step back.
"Take it off, hand it to me, and then hands back on the chair, Thomas."
He does. So obedient, I think, and I feel a little thrill of power. I take the shirt from him.
I leave him for a moment and slowly cross the room to toss his shirt into the hamper. I can feel his gaze burning into me as I come back, hips swaying, until I am standing in front of him again. I tilt my head to the side and, with a little smile, I slowly lift his blue tie up and over my head.
I bend over his right arm and use the tie to secure his wrist to the arm of the chair.
It's tight. For a moment he snaps out of his reverie. "Oh my God, honey."
I grin at him, and stand back up. Without breaking eye contact, I bring my hands to my own neck, and slowly undo the tie I am wearing. When the two ends are dangling around my neck, I start to unbutton my shirt. One by one, as slowly as I can bear, I slip each button through its hole, revealing a sliver of my neck, then my chest, then my stomach. If I angled myself sideways, he could see the swell of my breasts, but not quite glimpse a nipple.
I leave the last few buttons fastened: a tease for later.
I pull the tie out from behind my collar and move to his left side. This time, I know when I bend over to tie his wrist to the chair, he can see my breasts gently swaying, my hard nipples. But now he can't reach out to me; he is helpless now.
I lean in to kiss him again, my hands against his chest. I feel his muscles, rippling warm, just We devour each others' mouths until we are panting.
I stand straight again, and run my fingers down my neck and into the V of my open shirt. Gently, I push the fabric to one side so that my left breast is exposed. I circle my hard nipple with my fingertips, and the sensation shoots straight to my clit.
"Mmmmmmm," I say, looking down at him. "Ooooohhhhh, that feels good. Do you want to kiss it, honey?" And I put my arm on the back of the chair to stabilize myself, and lean forward towards his mouth.
He moans. Usually I'm shy about dirty talk, but I have decided that I will try it, and I'm emboldened by his response. His mouth has opened and his eyes are fixed on my nipple.
At first, my breast is barely within his reach. He has to stretch his tongue out through the air just to brush my nipple with the tip of his tongue. It's the tiniest touch, but the weight of my breast pulling away from my body seems to amplify the sensation, and my clit throbs. He flicks his tongue across my sensitive bud again. I can't help it; my hips buck forward into space and I gasp. I lean forward, giving him more, and immediately his lips close around me and he groans and sucks and licks everywhere that his mouth can reach.
I lean down over him and watch him at my nipple. He's needy, ravenous. My knees weaken. I moan again and feel another gush from within my pussy. Soon I'll be wet all the way down my thighs, I think. I shift my weight and lower my face to kiss him again. My wet, exposed nipple grazes his chest, and he inhales sharply. I feel another pang, a hot weight, deep in my core.
I kiss my way down his neck, his chest. I kneel between his spread legs to kiss his stomach. can feel his cock through his pants as he shifts, unable to keep still. I run my tongue along the line of his pants, and then move lower.
I put my mouth on his hard cock and breathe on it, warming him through the fabric. His hips buck up against me, doing anything he can to increase the pressure, the friction. I move up and down his cock, mouthing it, feeling it twitch and pulse in his pants.
"Fffffuuuuucckk." He whispers. I moan against him, and I know that he can feel the vibrations of my voice against him, making him buck again, harder. I love feeling his cock against my face. I move to feel it against my cheeks, my eyelids, and then back to my mouth. Then I push away and sit on the bed, facing him, watching his whole body flex and shift against the ties. He can't sit still.
"God, you are such a tease," he breathes. It's a compliment.
"Oh, baby," I smile. "I haven't even started to tease you yet."
I lean back on my left hand and use my right hand to open the shirt on both sides, but still keep the last two buttons closed.. Sighing, I drag my fingers back and forth across both breasts, teasing and pinching my thick, distended nipples. It's so good, I want to drop my head back, and close my eyes, but I force myself to stay present, keeping my eyes on Thomas' face. He's transfixed.
"You like that, honey?" I whisper, grinding my pussy against the bed. " You like seeing me play with my hard nipples?"
"Fuck, yes, I love it." he hisses through his teeth.
I lower my hand to push my shirttails up over my stomach, revealing my soaked, bare pussy to him for the first time that night.
"See how wet you make me, baby?" I lower my hand from my breast and run my fingers lightly over my pussy lips. I shiver. They're hot and swollen, desperate to be stroked, loved.
"Oh God, that's so good." I lean back a little further and dip my middle finger into my hole, then drag my juices up and over my pulsing clit. My fingers are slick and glistening. I open my lips for him, displaying myself. I show him my soft folds, open my cunt to his eyes. I want his eyes to penetrate me, to fuck me.
"You want to taste me, Thomas?" I ask him, dipping two fingers inside. When I slowly pull them out, a creamy rope of my sap connects them to my pussy. I hold them up to him, and I can see the outline of his cock pulse against his pants. My pussy instinctively clenches against nothing.
Wordlessly, he leans forward and takes my fingers in his mouth, sucking them, teasing the tips with his tongue. He's showing me how he would lick my clit.
"Oh God," I moan, forgetting myself for a moment.
Wait. Sarah. You're supposed to be in control here. Don't give it away now. I wrench my mind back.
When he releases me, I reach back down and rub his saliva over my pussy. I want to take it slowly, to drag the pleasure out as much as I can, but it's no good. Teasing him has brought me right to the brink of coming, and there's nowhere that I can touch myself that does anything but drive me closer to orgasm. I take a deep breath and try to centre myself.
I look into his eyes.
"Fuck, my clit is so hard," I tell him. "And I'm so wet. Listen to it, baby." I move my fingers up, down, around, and the sounds of my slick swollen sex fill the air. "That's for you, That's yours."
I push my fingers inside me and start to fuck. Thomas is transfixed, his hands gripping the arms of the chair so hard that his knuckles have turned white while I desperately fuck my hand. Then he lifts his gaze to meet mine and our eyes lock.
"Oh Jesus," I moan, "I'm going to come. I'm going to come all over my hand. Just seeing you tied up, watching me, ffffuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkk."
"Yes, baby, yes." he breathes. "Fuck yourself on your fingers. Ride them until you come. Please, baby. I want to see it."
"Oh Goddddddddd," I whine, and I explode, shuddering on the hand that is buried between my legs. I shake on and on, feeling my pussy muscles clamp down on my fingers, again and again and again. My head is hanging back, and I feel like the room is spinning. I can't help myself; I keep frantically humping my hand as my orgasm ebbs and flows. Slowly, my spasms begin to subside.
I have almost forgotten that Thomas is in the room, but then I open my eyes and remember where I am. He is staring at me with a tender, but predatory look.
"Oh my God. Sarah. That was so hot. You're so beautiful. I want you so much, baby. Untie me. Please."
I tilt my head to the side, trying to convey an attitude of being in perfect control, although my breathing is laboured and my body is still quaking with intermittent aftershocks. "Already? Oh, honey, no. I have a whole plan for tonight. That was just the beginning."
"Oh God, Sarah, please. Untie me. Please. I can't take it."
I stand up, and undo the last few buttons on my shirt. My fingers are so slippery that I fumble them. When it's undone, I let it slip over my shoulders and down my back until I catch it in my right hand.
"Sorry, Thomas, it's not time yet." I saunter over to the hamper and throw my shirt on top of his. Then I circle around to the bedside table and take out my dildo.
There's a sharp intake of breath. He knows I have this dildo, but we haven't played with it together. My cousin gave it to me after I broke up with my last long term boyfriend. At the time, I thought it was a tasteless gift, I was embarrassed by it. Over the past few years, however, when Thomas went away on boys' weekends or to visit his family, I had definitely come to appreciate its pleasures. But I had never had the guts to take it out in front of Thomas.
I fight to keep my voice steady, so as not to betray my nerves. "What do you think, honey? Do you want to see me push this into my pussy?"
His eyes glint. "Honey, I would LOVE to see you push that into your pussy. You're going to need to open yourself up for me baby, because I am going to fuck you so hard once I get out of this chair."
Relieved, I walk back around the bed and sit in front of him again. "Oh Thomas, this little thing isn't going to open me up enough for you." I look down at his cock, now straining almost painfully in his pants. "And don't forget, I'M in control tonight. But I'll show you what it looks like inside me if you'd like that, baby."
"Do it," he says, his voice low. "Fuck that pretty pussy for me."
I lower myself so that I am flat on my back on the bed, and reach up to grab a pillow for my head.
Then I lift my right leg and slide my foot under his hand on the chair, and do the same with my other foot. "Pardon me," I said daintily, and grin.
He has a perfect view of my pussy, drenched from my first orgasm. So close to his fingers, but he can't touch me.
"Oh my God. Sarah," he breathes. That's so beautiful."
I take the dildo and trail it up and down my folds, coating the head. The wet spot from my first orgasm is pressed against the small of my back. I tease my clit with the head of the dildo and suck in my breath. My pussy clenches and Thomas gasps.
"Oh, Sarah. I just saw your little hole twitch. Fuck, that's so hot. Do that again, baby."
I moan, and run the dildo over my clit again. My pussy spasms. Thomas groans again, rocking his hips up off the chair. I thought I might come any second. It's all so intimate and erotic.
I slip the head of the dildo inside me, and immediately, my needy pussy clamps down over it, hungry for the pressure, trying of its own accord to pull the fake dick deeper inside me. "Oh fuck," I whine, and my hips start to move.
I push it in further, then pull it all the way out again. It's glistening. I drag it back over my clit and then push it in all the way.
Then again. Then again. Then again.
The pleasure is deep and intense, and my fingers have found their way to my clit. My hips move faster as I stroke them, and as I feel myself getting close my back arches, pushing my tits up to the sky. I'm lost in sensation until Thomas's voice brings me back to him.
"Baby," he gasps, "Please. Untie me. I can't take it. My cock is aching."
It takes me a moment to catch my breath. I pull hold the dildo out of me, and my pussy clamps down in protest. I push myself up on one elbow, and look at him appraisingly.
"I don't know, Thomas." I spread my legs wider push the head of dildo back in. "Uhhhhnnnhhh. Fuck." I try to refocus my eyes on him. " Honey, untying you right now is not part of my plan." I push it in another inch. "Ohhhhhh, fuck, that feels so good..."
Thomas moaned again. "Please honey. Just one hand. I won't even undo my pants. I just need to rub it a little, to take some of the pressure off. Please?"
I pretend to be considering, but I'm not really. I had planned to make him watch me make myself come fully tied, but I might as well let him have one hand. His cock must be aching.
I pull the dildo back out of me, move it to the side of the bed, and stand up. "Okay, Thomas. You win. For now. Because I'm being nice."
"Oh, you are being SO nice." His face is a mix of amusement and relief.
I lean down to untie his right hand. He waits patiently.
Patiently, that is, until the second his hand is free from the arm of the chair. Then he grabs me around the waist and pulls me forcefully toward him. I'm so surprised that I yelp. "Thomas!"
He lets go for a split second, readjusting so that I am caught in the crook of his arm. Then, with his right hand, he begins to work the knot on his left hand free.
"Thomas!" I say, half laughing as I try to push myself out of his grip. "Hey! You said..."
"Yeah," he says, as the second tie drops to the floor. "New plan."
And as the second tie hits the floor, he takes me totally by surprise. With his right arm still grasping me behind my back, he puts his left arm under my thigh and half stands out of the chair. I prepare for him to throw me backwards onto the bed, but he sits again, and now I am in his lap, facing him, with both legs draped over the arms of the chair.
I open my mouth to protest once more, but I am lost in the sensation of my pussy finally being pressed against his hard cock, even though he's still wearing his pants. He slides his hands quickly up my back and clamps them over my shoulders, pushing me onto him harder. He rolls his hips against me and a guttural cry escapes my lips.
"See? Isn't this better than that dildo, honey?" he asks playfully. He rolls his hips against me again. "I'm sorry, sweetie, but I just need you so badly."
"Yes, fuck, yes," I moan. I can't even remember what I had planned now. I can't focus on anything except his hot length pressed against my leaking sex. His mouth captures mine, our tongues are urgent. My hips are moving on him now faster and faster, and I know I'm going to come again. He breaks away from me and looks down at my sex.
"Oh, Sarah, you can't even wait for me to take it out, can you? Are you going to come like this, just riding my lap?"
His hands have moved down to my hips, pushing me against him harder now. Faster.
"Fuck, baby, yes. Come all over my pants. Fucking ruin them."
"Oh God, Thomas," I gasp. "I can feel your cock. It's so hot and hard. Oh God, I'm going to come." And in that moment, my pussy gushes all over his lap. His eyes widen.
"Holy shit, baby. I can feel it. Fuck, fuck, fuck, you're soaking right through my pants..."
I'm coming and shaking and in that moment he stands up, and we're both falling towards the bed. He breaks our fall with one of his arms, then reaches down and he frantically opens his belt. He pushes his soaked pants and boxers down just enough to free his cock, and he slides the first few inches of his cock into me..
My pussy is still twitching and spasming from my orgasm, and I can feel it trying to pull his shaft further into my centre. He pulls it out a bit and my pussy grips, hard. He thrusts further, pulls back, thrusts further. Now he's totally in control, and I am lost.
"God, you're gripping me so tight, sweetheart. Your cunt doesn't want to let me go."
When his full length is finally inside me, every cell in my body seems to quiver with gratitude. And then he starts to really fuck me.
I put my feet on the mattress so that my hips can meet his thrusts. It's as if the room has disappeared around us and the world is nothing but moans and steam and sex. As if it's miles away, I can hear the clinking of his belt buckle around his thighs as he works into me. I'm hyper-aware of every single part of my body, the crumpled bedspread under my feet, my hair splaying out around my shoulders, the interplay of our tongues, the sweat in the small of my back.
Thomas reaches down between our bodies.
"Fuck, I don't think I can hold it. You were teasing me so good. I can't wait."
I can't wait either. I need to feel him come. I need to come. I'm desperate for it.
Who exactly was I teasing all this time? Him, or me?
Thomas is whispering again as the tip of his finger teases my clit. It's so passionate, so hot, and yet so tender. "Come with me, baby. Please. I want to feel you come."
"Oh God, yesssssssss," I moan and I start to thrust my hips up faster.
"That's it, baby. Oh, that's so good." He hangs his head to watch where our bodies are joined, where he is splitting me open.
Each thrust brings an unformed cry from my throat. I hear it, but all I can focus on is the building heat and pooling energy in my core. "UH, UH, UH, UH, UH!"
"Come on, honey" He's driving his cock so deep, yet stroking my clit so lightly "Come."
And I do.
My hips thrust as high as they can towards him, only to be driven back down to the mattress as he moves up and into me, hard, and holds me there. I am shaking, my hips are moving in a rhythm that I cannot control. My pussy is flexing involuntarily, rippling up and down his length. My entire body is working independently of my brain, and its only goal is to make him come, to milk his cock, to drain every drop of his seed. I let out a wordless scream.
He's thrusting long and hard now, his open mouth next to my ear. Now it's his body working on instinct; no plan, no "moves," no finesse; just the primal need to fill me. I can feel his cock swell and jerk inside me, and I summon what senses I have left.
I lick his ear, and whisper "Give me your come, Thomas. Please. I need it."
I clamp my legs around him like a vice. He flexes and pushes, and his cock pulses against the entrance to my pussy.
"FUUUUUUCK!"
"Oh God!" I gasp. "I can feel you coming! Fuck, so hard, fuck!"
And I explode again, losing myself in pleasure. I'm drowning in him, we are one body, melding together, one being, fucking and loving and coming. We shift and cry and pulse and pant and come and come and come.
When I regain my senses, his warm weight is solid on top of me. He's breathing hard, still inside me. I gently contract against him, and his hips buck gently, instinctively moving into me.
We stay there, joined, for some time. Grip. Pulse. Grip. Pulse. Slow kisses. Running our hands over each other. Finally, he pulls out of me. The loss of him is horrible.
He pulls me onto him. I rest my head on his chest and he strokes my hair.
"Sarah, that was..." he exhales slowly, "...that was incredible. I love you so much."
"Mmmm." I muster the energy to lift my head to kiss his chest. "I love you, too."
"Honey?" he sounds worried. I lift my head to look at him. "That was okay, right? I mean, I know you had a whole plan and I kind of... took over. Did I ruin it? Was I... too much?"
His eyes are wide. He wants to make sure that he didn't cross a line in a new world that we are exploring.
"Mmmm. It was amazing," I assure him. Then I lift an eyebrow. "But, did you ruin my plan? Yes. Yes you did. I had SO MUCH more planned."
"Oh, really? Like what?"
I laugh. "You think I'm just going to tell you now? No way. I'm going to save it for another time."
"Oh, come on, you HAVE to tell me now!" But he laughs too.
I shake my head and put my nose in the air. "Nope. You missed your chance. Now you'll just have to wait for another special occasion. Could be years from now. Decades even."
Then another thought occurs to me. I run my fingers lovingly through his chest hair. "Oooohhh, maybe I'll put the rest of the plan in motion when you get your job!"
"Well then," he puts his hands behind his head. "That's an interesting proposition. Because the city phoned while I was driving home. They offered me the position."
"Oh, my God!" I grab him and kiss him, hard. "Why didn't you tell me?"
He laughs. "You didn't give me much of a chance, did you Sarah? You with your notes and your ties and... everything else."
"Oh honey," I blush, and cover his face with kisses. "I'm so, so proud of you."
"Thank you, baby." he draws me to him and holds me close. "I couldn't have done it without you."
We lie there for a while, blissfully happy, holding each other. Finally, I break the embrace.
"I got us Thai food. It's down in the fridge. Do you want me to start heating it up?"
"No, I do not." I look at Thomas quizzically, and he glances down at his cock. It is swelling, stiffening against his stomach.
"I got the job. I want to know the rest of the plan."
I nod slowly, and smile. "Ok, Thomas. Let's try this again.
"Back in the chair. Hands on the arms. I'll just find those ties."
© Lily Waters 2021