Anthony was balls deep inside his current girl, Lacy, fucking her against the podium of his University's main auditorium. Three hours past midnight, the first day back from his last winter break, and Anthony finally did it. He came inside her, no condom, releasing his seed into the convulsing walls of her pussy. His massive cock slipped out, remaining hard, ready for a second round. But Instead of continuing, he smacked Lacy's used hole and pumped his fists in celebration. With a toothy smile, Anthony danced on the stage, erection bouncing, slapping against his sweaty torso. Lacy slumped against the podium, her knees buckling as Anthony's cum dribbled out of her gaping cunt. She held an unfocused gaze at the man who just finished inside of her, the man she'd begun to fall in love with.
They've only been seeing each other for the past three months. It started casual, two beautiful people, fulfilling each other's exhibitionist desires. Lacy loved to spread her legs for the senior boy, stripping for her man in the middle of the park during daylight or using her in the hallways of school when classes were still in session. Over time, the risk seemed to bring her closer to Anthony. His presence was no longer a pure sense of erotic danger, but a deep connected comfort. When his fingers snuck their way under her skirt during class, she felt safe. He'd give her a flirtatious smirk and stick three fingers up her cunt, playing with her pussy until she orgasmed multiple times, all while their professor lectured on some obscure part of European history. They've gotten caught multiple times, but Anthony always came to her rescue. He took the blame, making sure no one knew about her involvement. And as campus security took him away, naked and dripping with his sweat and her juices, he'd call out to her, telling her to wait in him. And he'd always come back, fucking late into the night. Anthony made her feel cared for, protected, which was why the current situation felt strange. Instead of their usual ritual of fingering her until she was writhing and begging for the boy to stop, Anthony ignored her and continued to hoot and holler in glee.
Lacy scooped up some of the dripping cum, sticking a few fingers inside herself in the process, and marveled at the open hole. Anthony's huge cock always left her like this, and she enjoyed the sensation of his mark on her body. She lifted the cum to her mouth and licked his spunk off her fingers, savoring its musky notes.
"That was... amazing." Lacy moaned, breathless.
She pushed herself up and walked towards Anthony, who remained in his own world. He stood still, his 10 inch cock, thicker than a can of red bull, erect and glistening in a mixture of cum and her juices. Eyes closed, fists above his head, Anthony basked in the stage lights with a drunk grin plastered on his face. Lacy approached him, placing a sticky hand on his sweaty back, circling a thin finger above his ass crack. Anthony turned, facing her with a look of crazed lust in his eyes. She smiled, stood up on her tip-toes and gently placed her lips on his. She pressed her tits into his chest, moaning softly as she rubbed herself against his muscled figure. But Anthony barely responded, not kissing back, and didn't wrap his brawny arms around her small waist while "accidentally" slipping a finger into her anus.
Lacy broke the kiss, and gazed at Anthony in confusion. His huge cock rubbed against her stomach, yet he made no move to slip it inside her. She took a step back, panicked by his unresponsiveness and lack of sexual intensity.
"Anthony?" Her voice was quiet. The boy's usual wildly lustful demeanor adorned on his adorable freckled face had vanished and was replaced with an indifferent expression. His brown curly hair sat messily atop his head, sticking out at odd angles. His thick eyebrows and soft hazel eyes were scrunched together, and his luscious lips were stretched into a sneer. Lacy's skin tingled.
"What're you doing?" Anthony asked, folding his arms over his chest while cocking a hip.
"Wha-what do you mean?" Lacy cowered, feeling suddenly vulnerable.
"It's done, remember?" Anthony turned back towards the front of the stage, spreading his arms wide in front of the empty audience. "I got to fuck everywhere on campus." He grasped his erection, stroking it slow. "Every classroom, every hallway..." Anthony moaned in his own self-indulgence, "...every office, every park, and now-" he paused, pinching a nipple, "I don't need you anymore."
Lacy's heart turned to lead. She stood, covering her breasts and gaping vagina, in stunned silence. Lacy became acutely aware of her nudity, her clothes left outside the auditorium door, far out of reach. She watched as Anthony jerked himself off in front of her, the scene twisting into something revolting. Emotions of all kinds swelled, amalgamating into an overwhelming and indiscernible mass that crashed violently, swirling under her pale skin. She stared at Anthony's face of peaceful, erotic pleasure and found it alien. Anger burned inside her, like a lighthouse in the open sea. She opened her mouth, about to scream, when a sudden fear gripped her heart. This boy was a stranger. Every moment of care, every light kiss on the top of her head, every fit of laughter they shared when they lost their clothes and had to run back home in the nude, were crafted, calculated lies to manipulate her into becoming his toy.
Instinct took over then, and Lacy ran. Tears brimming as the voices of her friends shrieked in her mind, screaming how much of an idiot she was for fooling around with Anthony Alvarez. When Lacy got to the door, she paused, shuddering and reluctantly glanced back to the stage. Anthony continued to jerk himself off, seemingly unaware of her presence. Lacy stared, steadied her breathing while drowning any lustful thought she had while watching the boy. She should've listened to her friends. But at least, when they'd see her blood-shot eyes, she knew they'd welcome her back with open arms. Rather, she regretted listening to Anthony, who told her to spend more time with him, to ignore the people who cared about her most. Lacy, flooded with fury, slammed the large wooden door shut on her way out, and Anthony came again, his cum splattering on the stage floor, smiling in ecstatic accomplishment.
Anthony walked home in the nude, proudly presenting his cock to the empty neighborhood. He grinned madly, waving to the one lone student across the street, a thin boy who Anthony recognized from an art class he took last semester. The boy waved back before flinching and lowering his head, picking up his pace. The town where his college resided was small with around 5,000 total residents, most of them students. At this hour, everyone was tucked away in bed, and frankly, Anthony didn't care if he got caught. His blatant sexual escapades cultivated a notorious reputation for himself, and most of the students around campus had already seen him nude. But today, the elation of his success, the completion of his goal, the conclusion of his dream he had since his first day of college when he fucked a senior girl in his physics classroom, filled him with such confidence that he would've happily been caught by campus security. The woman who patrolled this area during the night was already familiar with the feeling of his rod down her throat anyway. Anthony lived just off-campus, in a house he rented with four other roommates, who were sound asleep in their rooms. He sauntered up the stairs to his room and fell face first into his mattress, drifting off to sleep with a smirk of satisfaction.
__________________________________________________________________
Anthony woke up peacefully, stretching his arms and smacking his lips as the sun streamed though his open windows, gently warming his bare body. Anthony removed the curtains when he moved in last fall, thinking it shameful to deprive the world of his godly physique, and he was glad he did, for today was not a day to stay hidden. The memories of last night came back to him, feeling flooded with hormones at the thought of Lacy's nude, used body, angry and frustrated by his flippant demeanor. He knew she'd come back, begging for his cock to wreck her insides on the roof of some building he'd already fucked another girl before. The thought of returning to one of these places with a new girl excited him, and he reached for his cock, ready for a beautiful morning nut. But Anthony only grabbed air. He looked down at himself, and saw his cock wasn't hard, sticking straight up as it normally did. He moved his hand further down and rubbed the surface his pelvis, feeling only a bush of trimmed hair.
Anthony groaned, groggy and confused, and sat up to get a better look at himself. His eyes widened. It just wasn't there. His cock wasn't there. Anthony's heart skipped a beat and he flailed out of bed, rushing to his full-sized mirror. Most of his body was as it had always been, the same thick arms, broad shoulders, and rugged torso of olive skin, speckled with freckles and tufts of brown body hair. He was a muscular man, working out daily to maintain his athletic body. Anthony took pride in this fact, and ogled at his reflection as often as he could, tracing the shape of his bulging muscles. His thick chest, adorned with large nipples, were all the same as well, and Anthony sighed with relief. His hands drifted to his chest, and softly caressed his nipples. Some freshman slut last year discovered the erogenous zone for him, and now he played with them all the time, much to the chagrin of his roommates who already have to deal with near constant nudity. Oddly, they emanated much more pleasure than usual which caused the boy to bite his lip. He gazed at his beefy legs, firm with peaks and valleys of muscle that created shadows on his skin. Between them, sat a neatly trimmed bundle of pubic hair that traveled from his pelvis and ended just above his belly button, but something was missing. Panicked, Anthony turned around, checking out his powerful ass, bulging with muscle and a thick layer of fat that genetics made it nearly impossible to trim down. Anthony let out a shaky sigh. At this angle, his reflection looked exactly the same. But when Anthony faced the mirror again, all of his manhood was completely gone.
The room spun around Anthony and he stumbled back onto the bed. Breathing rapidly, he held his head in his hands, but that only gave him a better view of his predicament. So instead, he lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling. He stayed there for a few minutes, pinched himself to check if he was dreaming, and ultimately concluded he was not. This was reality, his reality. Anthony stayed still, calming his beating heart before returning to the mirror. Anthony felt lost, staring the open area between his legs. His entire life revolved around his cock. Puberty hit him early on, and the confidence of having such a massive penis shaped his personality. His cock was his pride, his ticket out of sticky situations with campus security, his means to have completed his exhibitionist goals. Without it, everything felt meaningless now.
Anthony covered his crotch with his hands, and saw that he looked just as intimidating and masculine as he ever did. He smiled, at least his physique was the same. Maybe there was a silver-lining after all. As Anthony looked over his reflection, he filled with confidence and flexed his muscles as he normally did. He was Anthony Alvarez, and nothing could stop Anthony Alvarez. Invigorated, Anthony became more curious about what was between his legs. Anthony reached for his pelvic area, and gently felt around, finding a slit right in the the middle of his pelvis. As he got closer, pleasure began to emanate from the area and Anthony grinned in excitement, maybe he could get his morning nut after all.
The boy stroked the lips of the slit, feeling pleasure exude out of every pore of his body. He increased the pace, using his fingers to rub his groin harder. The horny jock became lost in the sensation and continued his assault. Anthony clenched his jaw, not letting the moans escape from his mouth and closed his eyes. Anthony masturbated like this, standing in full view of the open windows, legs shaking. His other hand tweaking one of his hard nipples and his breath hitched.
When he first heard a soft squelch, Anthony just ignored it, consumed with indulgence. But the wet sloshing noises grew to loud to ignore and he stopped, his chest heaving with each breath. Anthony slowly opened one of his eyes and saw his reflection, red and flushed with his knees slightly bent. He moved his gaze lower, and saw a clear viscous liquid drip between his fingers and onto the floor. His heart pounded, the pieces slotting together. He shook his head, too horny to not test his theory. Anthony probed the slit, slick with the liquid, and slid the finger inside himself.
Anthony let out an audible moan as the finger disappeared into the warm hole between his legs. His eyes rolled back into his head and he bit his lower lip, with a groan. The sensation was incredible, as if every nerve in his body was connected, pulsing with insatiable pleasure. He moved the finger around inside of him and fell to his knees. He grunted, whimpering as he pumped the digit into the warm, wet hole. His hand was now covered in the juices, his juices. Anthony climaxed, falling face first onto the floor in front of him, moaning unrestrained.
"It's a pussy." Anthony whispered to himself. He probed his cunt again, unsatisfied after the first orgasm.
"I've got a pussy."