Author's Preface: Everyone in this story is eighteen years old or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
This story follows the relationship between John and Laura, first introduced in "New Neighbors Pt. 01" in which they meet. This is the last chapter in the New Neighbor series. This is the last story in the series.
Enjoy
New Neighbor Pt. 07 Christmas - The girls surprise John.
Since Thanksgiving was on the latest possible date, it wasn't long until Christmas.
The girls got together on the first Tuesday in December for their monthly meeting. The first order of business was to deal with the man who had dated Katie for weeks without mentioning the small detail that he was married.
It turned out Katie was much better off without that creep. She met Henry at the Thanksgiving party. Despite her misgivings about dating a new guy right after she broke up, she and Henry were becoming close.
Russell found a phone number for the wife. He called from his law office and told her that her husband had been cheating on her. He was calling on behalf of her husband's ex-girlfriend. She had no idea. Russell gave her the number of the best divorce lawyer in town. He warned her not to let her husband know she knew anything until she talked to her lawyer.
The second order of business had been kicked around for a while. The girls wanted to get John something for Christmas that would be special. He had become a good friend to all of them and they wanted to get him something that would express their feelings for him.
No one could think of anything that they could buy him. He was a man who had everything that he wanted.
Katie suggested, "We could all take him to bed just once."
Laura nixed that idea and gave her a dirty look.
Vicky said, "That's not a bad idea."
"Vicky!" Laura yelled.
"Not that, I meandosomething for him rather thangethim something."
Vicky came up with the idea to do something for the shelter to raise money in his name.
"He loves the shelter. What could we do for them?" Laura suggested they talk to Dani, the volunteer coordinator, to get some ideas.
-----
Laura and Katie got together with Dani after work. They met for happy hour at a bar and got a little drunk and giggly. They discussed ways of raising money and increasing awareness of the shelter. A calendar was possible. They could get plenty of models. They laughed about getting male models, dressed as firemen, policemen, construction workers, or lumberjacks, in just parts of their uniforms holding dogs, or girls holding puppies in front of their puppies. In their inebriated state, they laughed hysterically about each new calendar idea.
Then they got serious and talked about doing Santa pictures. Dani had some ideas and thought that pictures could work well as a fundraiser. The girls could supply the labor and gather all the items needed. Dani needed to ask the shelter to see where they could do it. If it was successful, it could disrupt the flow of traffic in the shelter on one of their busiest days. Dani was fun to work with. Laura and Katie decided that they liked Dani, especially with a couple of drinks in her. They thought the others would too.
They decided on Saturday the 14th, to do the pictures. They needed to advertise and let people know about it without John finding out.
-----
There were only eleven days to get everything done to make this happen. It was going to be tight. They needed to do this event as cheaply as possible so that the shelter made the most money. John's annual donation would be more than they'd make, but it was the thought that counted.
Dani said they could use an air-conditioned three-car garage at the shelter for the pictures, but it would be quite a job to clean it up and move all the crates and miscellaneous stuff out. Rain might be an issue. If there was rain it would be hard to find room for people to wait.
For the Santa pictures, they needed elf, Santa, and Mrs. Clause costumes. Dani had a contact at a costume rental shop. They had the costumes they needed and would let them use them for just the cleaning fee.
All the girls insisted that Mrs. Clause was not going to be frumpy and white-haired this year. They were able to find costumes that were a little younger and sexier. Bridgette and Jackie were asked to be Mrs. Clause because they were the shortest. It made getting costumes easier.
Rodger and Henry volunteered to be Santa. Their costumes were traditional. It looked like Mrs. Clause was way out of Santa's league. They would take turns, so they could take breaks.
Everyone else would dress as elves. They needed elf costumes, sexy but not too sexy for 6-foot-tall models. Laura and Katie insisted that Dani needed an elf costume too. The costume shop was able to fit the girls with outfits that looked good, but they could still bend over and not cause a ruckus.
The men's elf costumes were not as sexy as the girls, but they looked good. They got one for John too.
Elves oversaw checking people in, going through the pictures, making memory sticks, checking out, keeping the trays of cookies full, and any other tasks that needed to be done. The elves also formed a choir to sing Christmas carols at random times.
They needed to advertise the event without letting John know that it happening. Dani temporarily removed him from the email list, so he didn't see the announcements. Vicky was in advertising, so she designed posters and advertising material. She arranged for the webmaster in her office to design a web page for the event that would be linked to the shelter's web page.
Ken would oversee wrangling the dogs and their people. He would seat them with Santa or Mrs. Claus or with both.
After Thanksgiving, John started teaching Ashley how to set up lights and take studio pictures. So, Ashley was the photographer. She'd be in an elf costume too. Before he left, she asked John a lot of questions about setting up equipment for a remote shoot.
Laura's main job was to get John out of the way for the week before, so he wouldn't find out anything.
Wednesday night, Laura called her mother and on Thursday morning said, "Guess what John, we're going to Colorado to ski before the holidays. We're leaving Saturday, and we'll be back next Thursday. I have a chalet booked for us."
"What?"
"You'll get to meet my mother. She gets lonely around Christmas since my father died. She's a little frail and can't get around too well. I worry about her health. I told her all about you and she wants to meet the man who loves me, to see if you're good enough for me."
"I can't do that. It's a busy time at the shelter and they need someone to take pictures of the dogs."
"I already thought about that, and Ashley volunteered to work with Ken to get the pictures. Dani signed off on it."
"I can't leave Bo."
"Bo can stay with Ken. He loves it over there. It's all set up."
"I can't ski."
"You can take pictures of me skiing. If you can figure out how I won't freeze, they can be nudes. I know how you like to see me in tight sweaters. And I'll buy some extra lingerie."
"But..."
"Before you make another excuse, remember one thing. I was prepared to sleep on the cold ground with you, eat MREs, and use a bucket for a toilet. I wasn't happy about it, but I was going to do it anyway because I love you."
John said, "You know, I'd love to go to Colorado with you."
-----
They didn't want him to look at the website because he'd find out about the Santa pictures. Laura had contacted the owner of the chalet and asked her to disable the internet. The cell service was spotty at best unless they went out to dinner.
If he did find out about it and could get a call out, he'd either call Dani or Ken to ask them. They had worked out a story explaining to him that it was not a big deal. It was something they were trying with just a few people this year to see how it went. They might make it bigger next year if it was successful. They each had a script to keep their stories straight.
When they arrived at the resort, Laura's mother was there to meet them. She was a tall and extremely good-looking woman. John would have guessed she was in her mid-to-late forties.
"Hi Mom, I didn't expect to see you here. We were going to meet you at the house."
"At the house! I'm not staying by myself at home, I'm going to stay in the chalet with you. I want to get some skiing in, and I want to get to know this good-looking man."
"Down Mom. John, this is my mother Karen Swanson and Mom this is John McAddams."
"You were right honey; he's quite a hunk. Come here." Karen hugged John.
"Hi, Karen. You certainly look spry and in good shape." He looked at Laura.
"What a strange thing to say."
"Ask Laura why. We'd love you to spend the week with us at the chalet. You can tell me all about Laura as a little girl."
"Thank you, John. I know you two will be having sex, and I won't get in your way. And don't worry, I haven't had clothes on in a hot tub...well ever. I was in a hot tub for the first time just before I got pregnant. That may have been where I got pregnant, but we weren't sure. Before that, it was hot springs, and I didn't wear clothes in those either."
"I can see where Laura gets her good looks and her personality."
"Oh, you are a charmer."
Laura said, "You should have seen her when I was seventeen. When I had a date, she'd flirt with the guy so much I could hardly get him out of the house."
"It was fun," Karen said.
"It was embarrassing," Laura said. "I can't believe Dad let you do that."
"Well, after you and your date were gone, we had enthusiastic sex."
"Oh, god. I'll never be able to un-hear that," Laura said.
Laura grabbed a car that took them to the chalet. It was beautiful and John made the driver stop before they got all the way there so that he could get a picture while the snow was untrodden. They unpacked the car and started a fire inside.
"Is the hot tub warm yet?" Karen went out and stuck her hand in it. She came back in and went into the bathroom. When she came back out, she had a towel on her arm and had lost her clothes. She went back out to the hot tub, got in, and motioned for us to come out.
Laura said, "If you hit on my mother, I'm going to kill you."
"She looks so frail. Will she need help getting out of the tub?"
"Come on. Let's get this over with." Laura said ignoring the question. She grabbed a bottle of wine and three glasses. They undressed and joined her mother.
"Oh, I can see why you like him so much."
"Thank you, Karen."
"Mother, stop flirting with my boyfriend. I feel like I'm seventeen again. This is going to be a long week."
"I'm not flirting, am I John." She snuggled up against him.
Being naked in front of Laura's mother was a little uncomfortable for John at first, but Karen was so open and carefree, that it was difficult to be uncomfortable around her.
After the hot tub, they ate dinner and sat around the fire drinking for a while. They discussed the sleeping arrangements. "Should I sleep upstairs? I might hear something from you two." She warned smiling. "John, we were worried about Laura as a teenager. Has she told you that she didn't lose her virginity until college?"
John spit out his wine laughing.
"I now know why in some cultures they leave old people out in the snow to die," Laura said. "And stop egging her on John."
John said, "You can sleep anywhere you want, just don't blame us if you don't get much sleep because of the noise."
The week was fun, and John and Laura did manage to get some alone time. John loved Karen's wicked sense of humor. He got her to pose nude for him and he got some mother-and-daughter nude shots.
The ladies spent their days skiing. John took pictures of them coming down the slopes or just in their ski outfits. He rode the ski lifts to the top of the mountain and took pictures of the mountains in the snow. He skied for a while, but it wasn't much fun to ski alone; the bunny slopes got boring for the ladies.
They went out to dinner one night and John couldn't believe how good Karen looked. Tight sweaters suited them both well.
"I'm a lucky man to be out with two such captivating women," John said.
At dinner, he asked, "This may be rude, but I have to ask. How young were you when you had Laura? You must have been about sixteen."
"No John, I wasn't a teen pregnancy statistic. I was twenty-three, just out of college, and married."
"If that's true, you must have a painting of yourself hidden in your house."
"There's no way you're over fifty and I know you're not hiding your age with clothes that push things up." That made her laugh.
"Our family has good genes," Karen said. "What about your family John?"
"There's not much to tell. My father died when I was in college from a heart attack, which was in a way ironic because he's the one who got me in the habit of running. My mother died a few years later of cancer. She only lived a couple of weeks after she was diagnosed. I don't have any brothers or sisters."
John enjoyed spending time talking to Laura's mother. He found out about what she was like as a little girl and as a high school student. Laura was embarrassed by most of the stories.
"It's not fair that there's no one to tell embarrassing stories about you growing up," Laura said. "I'm going to find some friends of yours in elementary school, high school, and college."
Karen promised that she'd send him pictures of Laura as a little girl, as a teen, and as a college student.
Just before they left, Karen said something that caught John off guard. "I wish her father was still with us. He would have liked you and approved of you for his daughter. I certainly do." She whispered in her ear, "If she won't marry you, I will." She kissed him on the cheek.
"What did she whisper to you?" Laura asked.
"I may tell you someday...or not," John replied.
Karen drove them to the airport and said goodbye. We promised to visit again soon.
John and Laura got back in town Thursday night and picked up Bo. He was so happy to see John, he was dancing all over John's feet. They were tired but made up for the shortage of alone time they got in Colorado.
Friday, Laura told John she needed to go do last-minute shopping for Christmas. She asked to take his car because it was so festive. After all, it was bright red. It was fine with him because he needed to work on his Christmas presents for the girls. She knew he wouldn't leave the house if he had to go down to the other garage.
As soon as she headed to the shelter, she was on the phone with the girls to see what else needed to be done. They had everything handled. John had let Ashley use one of his cameras and gave her extra memory cards as well as a tripod. She "borrowed" lights and light stands from his studio.
Vicky had her staff design posters and had them printed for free by a company that she did business with. Jackie, Bridgette, and Courtney had houses and therefore, Christmas trees. Jackie had not put up their tree yet, so she brought it and lights and ornaments for it. Bridgette and Courtney had plenty of miscellaneous wreaths and garlands to make the room look great.
They bought a cheap backdrop from a mail-order outlet, with snow and trees on it. The shelter had a park bench they painted red and green for the people and dogs to sit on.
They had a computer set up and some cheap USB sticks printed with the shelter's name on them. Ashley had set up the lights and they did a run-through with some shelter dogs to make sure that she was ready.
Everything was set for Saturday.
John was surprised at how excited Laura was on Friday night. She wore a slinky negligee to bed and couldn't get enough of John.
Once they were both naked, she was so horny that she just climbed on top of him. She didn't care about any foreplay; she just wanted him inside her. She wanted to fuck him until both their toes curled, and she did.
She couldn't believe that they'd pulled this off. John didn't suspect a thing. It was going to make him so happy.
Early Saturday morning, Laura said, "Let's take Bo to the shelter to get his picture taken."
"I've got lots of Christmas pictures of Bo, I want to work on the pictures for the girls. There's only a week before Christmas." It never occurred to her that he might not want to go to the shelter.
"But I want a Christmas picture with all of us."
"Can we do it later? I want to finish this."
"John, I want to go to the shelter early to get our picture taken. Ken and Vicky will be there too."
"OK, but we can't stay long."
He came downstairs dressed in his dog-walking clothes.
"Put on something nicer. You're going to be in the picture too."
John changed and she finally got him and Bo in the car. Laura had a text message to Ken ready so she could send it as soon as they got there. When they were parked, she sent the message.
John was surprised by the size of the crowd at the shelter and was confused by the signs that said, "Pictures with Santa". They followed the signs for the pictures and when they turned the corner, he heard a roar of Merry Christmas John. He was confused until he realized that the whole girl group was there in elf costumes, along with their husbands and boyfriends. Bo took a step back.
John saw Ashley was taking the pictures. All the girls ran up to him, in the elves and Mrs. Clause costumes, and kissed him on the cheek. Laura disappeared as soon as John was distracted. When he saw her again, she was in an elf costume and had one for him on a hanger.
Dani said to him, "The girls couldn't think of anything that they could buy you for Christmas, so they decided to do this to raise money for us." Dani was also in an elf costume and looked cute. She was the shortest elf there and she was not exactly tiny at 5'6" tall. He'd never seen her in anything other than office clothes. John knew Dani was attractive but not how attractive, until he saw her in the elf costume. It didn't hide much.
John realized how much the girls and their guys had done for him. He thanked them and went to put on his costume. He was glad for the break because he was starting to get choked up. Inside the shelter building, he saw that the front desk staff and adoption counselors had dressed in Christmas outfits, and they all wished him Merry Christmas. When he got back outside in his elf costume, they put him to work helping people with their dogs.
Several times during the day, the elves broke into Christmas Carols, and the people waiting joined in.
Near the end of the event, John insisted that Dani get her picture taken. He told Ashley to take a lot of pictures of her in different poses both sitting and standing. He asked her to use her charms to get her into some sexy poses. He left and let Ashley take the pictures. When Dani asked why she was taking so many, she just said that John asked her to.
Ashley took pictures of John, Bo, and Laura. She took some more with the group gathered around them. She used the remote so that she could be in those. They brought in Dani and the shelter staff to get everyone in a picture.
Then John and Laura switched places with Ken, Vicky, and his three dogs.
Courtney, Rodger, and the baby had their picture taken last. Rodger dressed as Santa. Courtney and the baby had elf costumes. We now knew where baby elves came from.
When everything was over, they had taken pictures of 120 people and their dogs. The shelter had made close to $10,000 from the event. They had put out a donation jar that had some rather large donations in it too. Most were tens and twenties but there were also quite a few folded up hundreds. She didn't hear the final count. Laura suspected where some of the donations came from.
-----
John turned to Laura and said, "Today was my best Christmas gift ever. Staying with you and her mother in a chalet in the snow was a hell of a way to distract me."
"I didn't invite Mom to join us, she invited herself. The girls wanted this to be a surprise. They wanted to do something special for you. The Santa pictures were a way for them to give something to a man who has everything. So, I had to get you out of town. It was a tough job, that I endured for the sake of the group."
-----
There was of course an afterparty at Laura's. Laura pulled out champagne and fixed a large platter of food. Everyone felt good about how the event went and were proud of the part they played in it. They enjoyed everything about it. They swapped funny stories about things that happened and were already planning how to make it bigger and better next year. The group had grown closer because of the event but that wasn't all. They had grown closer since John had become a part of the group.
Laura asked Dani to come, but when Laura told her that everyone would be naked, she said she was busy. That was a shame because Dani was integral to the whole thing. She didn't just arrange for them to have the space, she got into the spirit and worked hard for the event. Laura thought John should write to the board of directors and commend her for all the work she did. She even wore an elf costume. She looked a little uncomfortable at first because the costume was tight and didn't hide much, but she did it and she looked extremely cute in it.
John gathered everyone around and thanked them again. Not only was he surprised by the event, but he was also astonished that this group would do something so generous for him. He'd grown during the last seven months. He had been friends with Ken at the shelter for a while, but it was a limited, situational, friendship. Now they were best friends and they had girlfriends that were friends too. They would go out to places other than the shelter. They had learned to count on each other.
John made sure to talk to Ashley. He told her that he appreciated her standing there all day taking pictures. The pictures looked fabulous. He thought back to the bratty kid she was at the first party and how much she had grown. He didn't think he had much to do with it, but he was proud of her. He found out later from Ken that Ashley did a fantastic job filling in for him taking pictures of the dogs while he was gone. The dogs loved her. That didn't surprise him. She was the one that Bo took an instant liking to.
The party didn't last long. They were all tired to the bone and everyone was gone by midnight.
John and Laura slept until noon the next day.
-----
When they finally got out of bed, they had lunch on the patio. John noticed that Laura was unusually quiet this morning.
"What's wrong Laura?"
"Nothing."
"Something is wrong. What is it?"
"There is something I need to tell you that I've been putting off. It never seemed like the right time."
Ever since they said they loved each other on Thanksgiving, this had been gnawing at her. She'd never told him about her sexual excesses in college. She wanted to be honest with him. Not telling him seemed like a lie but she was terrified that he'd think less of her if he knew the things she'd done.
She said, "John, I love you but there are things about me you don't know, and I need to tell you."
"You don't - "
"Please don't interrupt me. This is hard for me to say." She looked down, unable to look John in the eyes.
"I told you when we first met that I was a bit of a party girl in college. 'Party girl' was a massive understatement. I was a slut, and I was completely out of control, mostly during my freshman year. I doubt you could think of anything I didn't do sexually. The girls know plenty of 'funny stories' about me, but they don't know everything I did."
"At your 'Meet the Boyfriend' party, the girls started telling a story about me hooking up with a guy and being so drunk that I wasn't sure who I'd been with. I shut them up, but I'm ashamed to say that happened more often than I can remember. That was far from the worst thing I did."
"I've wanted to talk to you about this for a long time, but I've been too embarrassed, ashamed, and guilty about how I acted. I wish I could take back the things I did."
"I've been in love with you for a while and I didn't want to screw things up. But I need to be honest with you now. I never told Benard anything about college. It didn't seem important to tell him, but it does with you."
"I'd prefer not to list everything I did, but I will if you want me to. Do you have any questions? I don't want you to wonder if I ever did some kinky sexual thing. If you have questions, please ask me. You can ask now or later. I swear I'll tell you the truth no matter how embarrassed I am about it." She looked him in the eye with tears running down her face.
"I only have one question. Are you planning on doing anything you're ashamed of like that again?"
"No. Unless it's with you."
"Then I'm not sure I need to know anything else. I'll listen if you need to get something off your chest. Someone's past is what makes them who they are. I love the you that you are now."
Laura hugged him and sobbed for what seemed like forever. Relief poured out of her both because she'd finally told him and because it didn't matter to him. She felt like a weight had been lifted off her chest and she could breathe again.
-----
There were just nine days between the shelter event and Christmas.
John and Laura set up a big Christmas tree partly because they were having people over on Boxing Day, but also because they felt like a family this year. It had been a long time since either of them had celebrated Christmas. They wanted a pre-lit artificial tree but finding one turned into a challenge the week before Christmas. They probably drove a hundred miles going to craft and department stores to find a tree that they liked and all the ornaments to hang from it. Plus, they needed to find table decorations, wreaths, and garlands. John hung lights around the front door. Now he wasn't the only neighbor that didn't decorate for Christmas. He decorated Laura's front door too. It was a fun day. Laura brought her little camera and documented everything.
It was amazing how much stuff they needed to decorate a house when they were starting from scratch. Next year it would be easier.
John called in a big flower order for the house and asked them if they knew anyone who could decorate the inside of Laura's house. They did the best they could on short notice. They knew the gang would be over at some point.
They made a night of it decorating the tree. While John got the tree unpacked, put together, and up on the stand, Laura cooked dinner for them. After they ate, they added more lights and hung ornaments. They started thinking about getting some special ornaments next year.
Afterward, they sat in the den and enjoyed it, along with Bo. It felt like they were a family.
John had seen some little plexiglass frames designed to fit small pictures. They had a hole a ribbon would go through so they could be hung on the tree. The next day he went out and picked up thirty of them and printed small pictures of everyone. He included Bo and Ken's dogs. He surprised Laura and added them to the tree.
John stayed in the studio working on something most of the remaining time. He wouldn't tell Laura what he was working on, and she was dying to know. Laura spent her time buying John's gift and hanging out with the girls. She also got small gifts for Dani, Ken, and Henry. The girls had decided long ago that they would not exchange gifts.
In the morning on the day before Christmas Eve, they went out and gave the little gifts Laura had bought. They found Dani at the shelter and ran by Ken's office to deliver gifts to Ken and Henry.
On Christmas Eve, after Laura cooked John dinner, they decided to open presents.
John had called one of her art history professors in Colorado and asked for ideas for a painting to buy Laura for Christmas. Her professor remembered her and knew her taste. John was not looking for something that would appreciate but wanted something that Laura would love. The professor found something perfect, and John bought it and had it shipped in.
He handed Laura a wrapped frame. When she unwrapped it, she saw one of her favorite paintings. It was something she'd never buy because of the cost. It wasn't a million-dollar painting, but it would buy a nice car.
He was rewarded with a big kiss.
Laura handed him a box. He unwrapped it and found the camera that he'd wanted but refused to spend the money on. It was a medium-format digital camera with all the extras that he wouldn't buy for himself.
She said, "That's really for me. I bought you that because I like it when we go places, and you take pictures of me. You can't let a camera like that gather dust, so we'll have to go on more trips, so you can take my picture."
"I have one more present for you, well us, but you'll get that later," Laura said.
After he gave Laura a quick kiss, John started charging the batteries for his new toy. Then he got his toolbox, and they went to Laura's house. She picked where she wanted John to hang her painting. John thought back to the second day he'd seen her. She'd called him to ask if he would fix something for her. He hadn't slept a night alone since.
They went out to the hot tub for a while and relaxed.
When they came back in, Laura said, "Give me a minute before you come up."
John went to see if his new camera's batteries were charged yet. They weren't. He'd have to wait until tomorrow to play with his new camera. That was OK. He wanted the first picture he took to be of Laura. He headed upstairs.
He saw a full-body button-up pair of red, long johns and a stocking hat on the bed with Santa printed on it. There was a note, "Wear Me". John put them on.
Laura bought a personal Mrs. Clause costume to give him on Christmas Eve at bedtime. She would not be wearing this costume at the shelter.
Laura came out in a green corset that didn't cover her breasts, it just pushed them up to display them. She had a red skirt with two petticoats that barely covered her red lace panties. She finished the outfit with red and white striped thigh-high stockings and red heels. On her head was a stocking cap with Mrs. Clause printed on it.
John's mouth hung open when he saw her.
"Santa darling, I know you're busy on Christmas Eve, but I've been a naughty girl this year. I lied to you, and I feel so bad about it."
"Well dear, I think lying puts you on the naughty list," Santa said. "Let's see all the lying you did. You lied about why we had to go skiing. You lied about the health of your mother - that was a bad one. You lied when you told me why there was no internet in the cabin. You took my car when you didn't need it and you lied about why we had to take Bo to the shelter."
"The trip to Colorado was in the spirit of Christmas as was taking Bo to the shelter. So that's OK. I'll give you a pass on taking my car and the lack of internet at the cabin. But telling Santa that your mother was lonely, frail, and in poor health. That is no way for a good girl to act. Now what should we do about this?"
"If you gave me a spanking, I think I would feel better," Mrs. Clause said.
"As you wish. How many swats do you think you should get?"
"At least ten, dear. I feel very bad about telling you that my mother was frail and sickly when I knew she was sexy and could out-ski me."
"Well OK, get yourself over my lap."
She wiggled onto his lap.
"Mrs. Clause, aren't you forgetting something about spankings?"
"What Santa?"
"They can only be on bare bottoms. You'll need to take those panties off."
She stood up, dropped her panties, and lay down across his lap, wiggling even more.
He made sure her red skirt was up and said, "Ready?"
"Yes, Santa."
John swatted her cheek gently.
"Ouch." She squeaked.
Santa rubbed where he swatted to make it feel better. "Ooh."
Then he swatted her again on the other cheek.
"Ouch." She squeaked and again he soothed her bottom.
He swatted her again. This time lower and in the middle.
"Mmm. That was a good one Santa." He soothed the spot and she moaned.
He spread her legs and swatted her.
"Ooh, Santa." He rubbed her tender spot. And she gasped and moaned.
The next swat was a little lower.
"Oh yes, Santa," she cried. Santa felt sorry for her, so he rubbed all over the area for quite a while. The poor dear was breathing hard from the pain. "Oh, Santa," she said breathlessly.
"Santa? I noticed there is a large candy cane in your long johns pressing against me. It's making me hungry. Could I lick it?"
"Ho, Ho, Ho. Of course, Mrs. Clause. You can always lick my candy cane." She got off his lap, unbuttoned the bottom of his long johns, pulled his candy cane out, and licked away. "It's so sweet."
Santa said, "You've given me an idea on how to finish your spankings."
"How?" she asked looking up at him from her knees.
"Get up and put your hands on the bed."
"Like this?" Mrs. Clause wiggled her bottom at him.
"That's right, Mrs. Clause." He stood behind her and slipped his candy cane deep inside her and began thrusting in and out. I believe you have five swats left. He plunged into her and gave her a good swat on the cheek.
"Ooh yes, Santa. Spank me like the bad girl I am. I feel so bad about lying to you and every swat makes me feel a little better." He kept thrusting into her and swatting her cheeks until she fell forward on the bed. He continued plowing into her with all the magical power he had. They were both screaming when he came.
He was still hard and didn't rest. He pulled out of her, turned her over, and entered her again. Seeing her pushed-up breasts incited him and he bent down to suck them. She wrapped her long legs around him, pulling him into her. He was out of control and pounded into her fast and hard. He came into her again yelling, "Ho. Ho. Ho." She pulled him down on top of her and kissed him. He was shrinking very slowly. She kept squeezing him with her magical pussy.
They got up on the bed and lay there exhausted.
"Thank you for my spanking Santa. I feel better now."
"Are you going to be a good girl next year?"
"Maybe." She said and laughed. "You must have a thing for Mrs. Clause or spanking,"
"These might have something to do with it." He rubbed his hand across her nipples. "Or it could be that I love you and like to play, Mrs. Clause." She looked down and he was hard again.
"Oh, Santa. You are miraculous. I never did finish with your candy cane. Is it the kind of candy with a surprise inside?" Santa nodded. Mrs. Clause sucked on it until she got to the surprise.
-----
In the morning, John asked, "Do you want to do my favorite thing at Christmas?"
"What? Sex?"
"Well, yes, but later. I go help with the food at a homeless shelter."
He'd already given them a donation, but he liked to see people happy and full for at least one day. As soon as they'd had some coffee, they headed to the homeless shelter. John always surprised Laura. They worked all day. They helped prepare the food, cook it, dish it out, and then sat with a large group of strangers and had a delicious meal. Afterward, they cleaned up and washed dishes. They didn't get home until well after dark. They were exhausted.
-----
When John started planning for Thanksgiving dinner, he told Laura that he also wanted to have a small party around Christmas. He didn't want it to be a big deal, but just a little time with everyone together. He had small gifts for them, but she couldn't tell them because they'd want to bring stuff and it would get out of hand. They were just little personal things. They settled on a big brunch on the British holiday, Boxing Day, the day after Christmas.
Laura called Dani and invited her. "Don't worry, everyone will keep their clothes on. I'm not sure what John has planned but he asked me to beg you if I had to. You're not going to make me beg, are you?" Dani said she'd be there.
There was no matching china and silverware. They pulled in tables and chairs from other rooms. John wanted this to be informal like a big family.
Marge insisted on cooking for it. John insisted that if she was going to cook, she'd join them and bring her husband.
John called everyone to the table. He apologized and told everyone that there were just gifts for the ladies. The presents are all around the tree and he told the girls go and get their package and bring it back to the table. Marge and Dani just stayed at the table. John looked at them and said, "Go!" To their surprise, they found boxes with their names on them. In each box, the ladies found a bound book of pictures along with a personalized note. Imprinted on the cover of the books, was the year.
Most of the boxes had similar notes that said,"Thank you for the shelter pictures and for being my friend and model. You can share these pictures with your partners...or not."The first pictures were all from Thanksgiving. Every girl held the book close to her chest to look at the pictures, so that their husbands, friends, or dates couldn't see them, closed them, and said, "Maybe later". Each of the books had a clothed and a naked group picture at the end. There was lots of giggling.
Ashley's note was somewhat different. At the bottom, it said,"There are two more for you. Go look in the studio."
Ashley excused herself and went into the studio. She found two boxes. One small and one large. She opened the small one and found a flash drive in it. The note read,"I ran across these pictures of you at the party. These are the last copies that exist. As far as I'm concerned, they were somehow lost. You can take one more look at them, or not, then smash this drive and they'll be gone. Just don't forget what happened."
Just when she thought he couldn't be any nicer, she opened the big box. It had a new camera and a couple of lenses and accessories in it. The note said, "Keep it up. You have talent. Grab my camera sitting on the bench and bring it back to the table. It's all set. You may need it." That was strange she thought.
Marge's box had a picture of her the night before Thanksgiving, a note, and an envelope. The note said,"I'm not sure how I'd get along without you. You have no idea how happy it makes me that you like Laura."She opened the envelope and found four airplane tickets to Hawaii and a check for expenses. There was another note inside that said,"If you would rather go somewhere else everything can easily be changed. I'd like the family to come by for pictures before you leave."
"I can't take this," she said.
"Of course, you can, and will."
Dani's box had a picture book and a note."Thank you for all you do for the shelter. Thank you for being so nice to my friends and helping with the photo shoot. And thank you for being our friend. Look through the whole book before you show the pictures to everyone. You look beautiful and I'd like to take your picture in the studio if you'd let me."The first few were the Santa group pictures, then Dani with her dog. The last pictures were the ones that Ashley took when John told her he wanted sexy poses of Dani. She did an excellent job and the pictures of Dani in her little elf costume, made her look very sexy. He was right when he thought Ashley could get her in those sexy poses. She wouldn't have posed that way for him.
When she saw them, she blushed and said, "John!"
"I didn't take them, but you looked damn good."
"Ashley!"
"John told me what he wanted."
Dani finally gave up and said, "Thank you," and smiled at them both. She realized how good she looked in them. All the girls wanted to see them, and they thought she looked hot in them.
Laura's box was slightly larger and had another box in it. It had a note saying, "Open yours after everyone has opened theirs."
People noticed Laura hadn't opened her box. She finally opened the inner box and quietly stared at her card. Laura's box had a bound book in it and a smaller box. She pulled out the book and looked at it with little expression and stared at the card.
The note said,"If you don't want to marry me, don't open the small box. If you do want to marry me, I'm going to run over there and make a fool of myself and embarrass you in front of our friends."
She looked at John and said, "When and Where?"
As soon as Laura said that Ashley figured it out and crawled over everybody to get to Laura for pictures. The camera was set to shoot video and Ashley started shooting.
John ran over and took out the small box. He knelt on one knee, opened the box, and said, "Laura Brenda Swanson will you make me the happiest man alive and marry me."
"Yes John, it would make me the happiest woman in the world to marry you."
He put the ring on her finger and kissed her.
Laura asked, "Do you remember at the cabin when we wished on the shooting stars?"
"Of course."
"This was my wish," she said.
"Mine too."
John got one more kiss before he lost track of Laura as all the girls swarmed over her to look at her engagement ring. It was quite a ring. The guys took John aside and congratulated him.
Ashley had to stand on the table to get pictures of the girls looking at the ring.
John mouthed, "Thank you," to her.
Once the commotion had settled down, she went over to him and hugged him. "Congratulations and thank you for the camera and...the other thing. I learned my lesson."
After a half hour or so Laura abruptly said, "Well, it was nice of you to come to our little brunch. We were up late last night, and I think we need a nap."
Everyone took the hint and left.
Laura kissed John and said, "Meet me upstairs at my house in five minutes."
When John arrived, Laura was on the bed in a stunning nightgown.
When she saw him, she said, "I want to show you, not tell you, how much I want to marry you."
Epilogue
They spent the afternoon in bed with each other making joyful love and talking about their plans for the near and distant future. They were silly and playful, and they talked, laughed, giggled, snuggled, then made love again.
The wedding was far from traditional. Laura bought a beautiful white wedding gown to start her new life. John bought a tuxedo that fit him perfectly. They made a handsome couple.
There were no bachelor or bachelorette parties. Both John and Laura thought parties with only one sex were boring. There was a pre-wedding party at Laura's two nights before the wedding with everyone there.
They didn't even consider the tradition of the groom not seeing the bride before the wedding. They woke up together and drove to the wedding together. They'd slept in the same bed for the last seven months and they weren't going to stop.
The wedding was at Sergio's on the afternoon of January third. Laura's mother, Karen, performed the ceremony. There was not a best man or maid of honor. The whole group was equally involved. The girls did a quick and lovely job of decorating Sergio's.
There were twenty people there with the girl's group and all the husbands and dates. Karen had flown in. Dani was there. Bo was there, dressed in a tux. His tux did not stay on for long.
There was a string quartet and Laura carried a bouquet down the aisle.
The official reception was there. They planned to buy a wedding cake, unintentionally insulting Mama. She baked one herself and it was beautiful and delicious. Sergio, Mama, and the boys made sure no one left hungry, and the champagne flowed. Mama kept asking Ken when he was going to marry Vicky. Mama already acted like she was part of the family.
Ashley took formal wedding pictures with her new camera. The bride and groom exchanging rings, the bride and groom cutting the cake, the bride with her mother, a group picture of the wedding party, and pictures of Sergio and his family. She also took informal pictures of everyone.
Laura threw the bouquet. Vicky caught it and Mama clapped.
As John and Laura left, everyone pelted them with birdseed.
There was an afterparty at Laura's. Ashley took informal and formal pictures at this party too but there were no clothes on. For the pictures of the bride and groom, Laura wore a veil and a garter. John wore his bow tie. John removed her garter and shot it to Ken like a rubber band.
----
Around 8:00 John handed the keys to both houses to Ken. Ken was taking Bo home while they were gone. John and Laura snuck off on their honeymoon. Ken had arranged for a week at the cabin, but it was a long drive. John booked a hotel suite for the night. They couldn't go much longer without married sex.
As they drove in the dark, it was hard to believe how their lives had changed. A year ago, they couldn't imagine being married. Now it was hard to imagine not being married - to each other.
Author's postscript: This is the last chapter of this series. I hope you liked this story and this series. It was fun to write. I apologize that it took me so long to submit the final three chapters. As usual, please scroll down a few lines and vote and/or comment. You don't need to be a member to vote/comment.