The dance area was in full Southern California sunshine, making it easy to enjoy the nakedness all around, dancers swaying and gyrating to the beat of the band up on stage. Nearly everyone in sight was nude except for some of the paid entertainers.
This was several years ago, at a West Coast nudist resort. It was the Saturday afternoon of an adults-only weekend, and the resort had signed a regionally-known rock band. I was there to meet up with my wife Julie, who'd left the house a couple of hours earlier than me. When I arrived she was already up on the stage as one of five local women hired to be a back-up line for the visiting band. The five were each wearing a loose little vest that flopped around to uncover her tits, and a very tiny microskirt, barely enough to cover her ass. As the band played, the girls jumped up and down, and with Julie's first leap, I had to look twice: among the five, Julie wore nothing under her skirt! As I looked up to the stage, I clearly saw that she was freshly shaven--lips and slit completely smooth, all the way back to her asshole! She must have taken care of that just before leaving the house! Above her slit, she'd left only an abbreviated patch of hair!
This being a nudist resort, I think most of the crowd didn't take notice of her exposure--just one more person showing skin. However, they did take notice whenever she hiked up her skirt and rotated her pelvis while using two fingers to spread her labia. And she drew extra applause each time she massaged her clit with the tip of her microphone.
Julie has always been sexually desirable. As for her age, she didn't fit the cliché about "in her thirties but looking ten years younger", but rather: "in her thirties and one look and you want to do forbidden things with her". Guys just wanted to fuck her as soon as they met her, clothed or not. Her compact size suggested vulnerability, making you want to protect her, but up there on stage, she seemed to be in total control of what she was doing. She wore her dark hair in a neat ponytail, had painted her nails but otherwise wore no makeup. The attractiveness of what she was showing under her skirt competed with her pretty face, nice curves, engaging smile and the small-sized natural breasts tipped with dark, alert nipples constantly popping out from her open vest.
Meanwhile I was enjoying myself down on the packed dance floor, with naked dancers clumsily bumping up against one another in the bright sunshine. For the weekend, the resort's rules were simple: 'No' Means 'No', 'Yes' means 'Yes', and "No Anal except in Private.". If it weren't for a few women wearing shoulder wraps it might have been a scene from Hieronymus Bosch's painting 'The Garden of Earthly Delights'. Nearly all were nude below the waist: plenty of bushes and bare asses, cocks, and vulvas, but most were so close to me that I saw mostly shoulders, heads, arms, and tits! All pressing in from all directions. Although my erection was mostly hidden from view by so many people packed in so close, I tried to make sure it didn't brush up against any males.
A nice-looking lady pressed her warm sweaty butt against me and shimmied a bit, asking me to hold still while she reached behind to grab my cock. She worked it up under her bum and between her pleasantly tight lips, right into her cunt! Then, thus connected, danced with me while timing her thrusts with the music. I exploded inside her. Soon after she orgasmed, she pulled herself off my cock, licked off some of the cum, and thanked me.
Whoa, I thought to myself, We just fucked standing up! Right here, with all these people around! It's turning out to be a really good day!
I got lucky a few more times, with many women backing onto my cock, some not even bothering to say anything. Mostly my cock got well into the woman's cunt, a few times I got only as far as grazing her lips. Pure pleasure each time! Every encounter was so quick that I didn't cum every time, so I had a nearly constant hard-on. Several times while I was in the cunt of a willing stranger I looked up on the stage to see Julie singing, backing the rock band's songs while flashing her own tits and cunt. She wasn't too busy to notice me, and smiled as she waved and I fucked. She knew I'd probably be finding women to play with, and the smile and wave were her blessing to me. Julie and I are quite liberal about having sex with other people, so I decided to just let myself go and have fun while here. And I hoped that she'd find time to have fun here also.
I wondered what the band must be thinking as they looked down over perhaps a hundred sweaty, naked bodies crowded close enough to touch intimately, or at least grabbing feels while moving and swaying to the rhythm of the music! Meanwhile, I could easily look up between Julie's lovely legs to see her smooth bare lips as her tiny skirt flew up with each beat. I noticed her lips getting wet and that her clit was just now becoming visible. I also saw that the tiny vests the backup girls wore left their nipples mostly uncovered as they tried to make circles in the air by swinging their breasts in time to the music. A visual feast!
There seemed to be an endless supply of attractive and willing women. For the slow songs, I fucked various unnamed women face-to-face, even trading names with some. Having a woman lift one leg around me seemed to provide good frontal access to her cunt. Then, for the faster songs, entering from behind and under her ass worked best. In all cases, the closeness of sweaty bodies on all sides gave adequate cover for my clandestine fucks, as well as contributing to the high-voltage carnality of the situation.
Not all of the women wanted to fuck, or maybe they just didn't want to fuck me. Many were happy to just tuck my cock into her butt crack or against her stomach, others just wanted to rub their tits against my chest. Most of the women I did fuck orgasmed, and the loudness of the music covered their moans and gasps. This was raw, tribal sex! It was all I could do to keep from cumming, as with each fuck I wanted to stay hard for the next one. Fucking all these women, even if for only a few minutes each, I really thought I was getting away with something secret and forbidden!
So I thought, until after enjoying several more women this way, I noticed that the fifth or sixth cunt I entered was very slick, and each one after that seemed even slicker, and between their legs they all seemed to be curiously wet. It even got so that each new woman's underside was so wet and slippery that my cock just wallowed around in her slippery channel until she could guide me in, and as the afternoon wore on each new cunt offered less resistance than the previous one. I soon guessed that I wasn't the only man enjoying all these bare-bottomed women!
While I was comfortably nestled in the very creamy cunt of maybe my ninth or tenth partner, I turned her face toward me and wondered out loud how many other people were doing just what we were doing at the moment.
She was tall and athletic-looking, and introduced herself as Joan. She laughingly explained what should have been obvious to me, that just about everyone around us was sneaking a fuck with someone they're not supposed to be fucking! In fact, she pointed out a guy across the floor hunched over the back of a woman wearing only a bikini top, and said that was her husband! To me, it looked like the two seemed to be bending forward to pick something up off the floor! Joan asked me to keep my dick inside her and use it to steer us over to her husband.
With my hands on her beautiful ass, we got over there alright, but I really felt weird with my cock in this woman's cunt as she introduced me to her husband. His name was Mike, and the woman bent under him was Susan, pastor of their church! So there I was, my cock deep inside a married woman, trading pleasantries with her husband who was busy with his own cock deep inside a woman they both knew!
Trying to even things out, I told my new friends that my own wife was here also, and I pointed her out up on the stage. Whoa! What I saw at that moment was the lead singer fucking my wife from behind as the two sang a slow duet! Right up there on the stage! Unlike the covert couplings going on all over the dance floor, Julie was fucking openly, for all to see! I could look up under her and see the guy's cock sliding in and out. As Julie fucked him and I fucked Joan, Julie caught my eye long enough to wave to me. With the guy's cock still in her, and mine in Joan, Julie pointed me out to the crowd and over the sound system, introduced me to the crowd as her husband! With everyone looking at me, I meekly waved.
Now everyone in the crowd was on to me. Well, not that it mattered--probably half the women there were walking sperm banks by now, and a lot of it was mine! This would surely be a concert to remember!
Joan told her husband that I was her twenty-third this afternoon, not counting the six who came back for seconds, then asked Mike how he was doing. It turned out that even without the six, she had more than doubled Mike's tally. Apparently these two were keeping score! I made a mental note to tell Julie about this very accomplished woman.
For the next song, Joan and Mike each turned to take a new partner, while I did the gentlemanly thing and entered Susan the Church Lady. Looking around, I noticed several more couples who also must have dropped things on the floor!
The next song was a 'bunny-hop', with all the dancers in a long snaking line, males alternating with females, hands on the next person's hips. As the beat picked up, I noticed that nearly every man pushed up close to the woman in front of him, so I did the same. Now I was hopping around with my dick tucked comfortably into the woman ahead of me, and the challenge was to keep it in her with each hop. Then suddenly the music stopped, and the instruction was given to turn round, so I stuck my dick into the woman who before had been behind me, just as the music resumed.
As the first set ended, I finally met up with Julie, who'd come down off the stage to find me. By the time she reached me, she'd removed her skirt and I could see that her cunt was wide open and slimy and hot; I guessed she'd probably used her time wisely since leaving the stage! The little patch above her slit was sticky and matted with sweat and cum. We ran our hands over each other's sweaty bodies, and as I easily slid my dick into her, I felt her bare breasts and kissed her nipples, something I hadn't done with any of the other women. It was good to finally get a chance to fuck my own wife! As I let loose my load into her, she told me she must have been fucked by about a dozen guys and gotten about that many orgasms just getting from the stage to here. With that, I learned why she was so creamy and easy to enter. She said that all these different guys fucked her pussy from behind, since that seemed to be the style here, except that one guy missed her pussy and butt-fucked her, so she was kinda sore back there. After telling me all this, she pulled off of my cock, and turned around to head back toward the stage.
But before she got away, I told her how happy I was to see her, and especially happy to see her shaved, and that I could see that her clit was out. I offered to kiss it. As I bent down, I saw that her lips were smeared with cum, some of it smeared onto the little patch of pubes atop her mons and the rest, including mine, dripping down her legs. Beautiful! Two quick licks of her clit, then as I walked her back to the stage I held her hand as she stopped and bent over to let two new fellows fuck her from behind. After they thanked her she scampered back up onto the stage.
By then the backup girls had shed their vests and each pulled on a loose tanktop cut so short as to come down only to their nipples, so their breasts were mostly on display. The tanktops were printed with the resort's logo. Same short skirts as before, but now the other four girls joined Julie in skipping their knickers. With pride, I overheard some nearby remarks about Julie's twat being the prettiest of the five, and about her clit sticking out, and her nice tits and about how much they'd like to fuck her first and then maybe do the other four. Once these guys recognised me as Julie's husband, they apologised for their crude remarks, but I told them that later on if they introduced themselves to her their dream would probably come true. Maybe not with the other four girls but certainly with Julie.
A few songs into that second set, Julie caught my eye and motioned to me to come up on the stage after the next song. She stretched herself over one of the bass speakers then pulled me over and asked me to fuck her. Right there, on the stage, with the music going at full tempo! This time I could feel the low-frequency vibrations of the speaker right through her vaginal walls! After pulling out, I told her about the fellows who'd remarked that they'd like to fuck her, and she said to get them up the stage. I waved to them, they came up the steps and with Julie still spread out on the big black woofer and the whole crowd watching, all three took turns fucking her.
Meanwhile, I was back on the crowded dance floor furtively sliding my cock into even more women.
As the final song was performed, the five backup girls lined up on the edge of the stage, facing away from the crowd, and bent at the waist. An innocent enough 'moonshot' but Julie carried it a step further: she spread her feet, then her cheeks, to reveal parts of the female anatomy rarely seen even in a nudist resort. The underside of her crotch was slimy with mens' cum and her own juices. And I could see a bit of dried cum around her still open asshole, likely from the clumsy fellow who had missed her cunt. Her vagina was still partially open, dripping cum from the most recent dozen or so men who had entered her. Her labia were swollen and slick and her clit looked the largest I'd ever seen it. By then she'd tossed her tank top aside and I could see how stiff her pert little nipples were.
After turning to the cheering crowd and taking her bows, which included squatting to drain out some of the semen she'd collected, Julie came down to tell me she wanted to fuck me again but first she had a bet to settle down at the pool. The afternoon show being over, the other band members and stage crew were there waiting for her, each ready with a stiff cock. As I held her hand, the musicians and stage crew, all eight of them, took turns with her; apparently that was the promise. As each one entered her, she introduced me to him. For fun, they reprised some of their songs and made jokes about groupies and roadies. The bet was that if all eight could give her orgasms, she'd sing for free at the evening concert. With me holding her hand or her tits, she came each time.
The bet being settled, she looked over to me, saw my erection and thanked the band members but told them it was now her husband's turn. She freed herself from the last band member and pulled me over to take his place. With her cunt still open I easily slid easily into her, forcing out a flood of accumulated cum while the others watched as I tried to get enough traction inside her slippery vagina to add my own cum to theirs. Sensing how sloppy her cunt was after so much use, Julie helped me by tightening her muscles so as to clamp me inside her vagina, then proceded to somehow create waves of compression up and down the length of my shaft. This drove me crazy, and her bandmates watched as she fucked me in a way she hadn't fucked anyone else that whole day. Watching closely how her vagina was working my cock, they asked for another go at her so they could experience it too.
Her answer was that they could put their cocks in her any time and fill her with cum, but what she had just done was for her husband only. Even Julie has her boundaries!
With that settled, they shifted back to band talk, telling me I was lucky to have such a good singer for a wife, and that she's really good on stage, and that she could come join them any time. Then, the conversation turned to sex, each one eager to tell me what a fantastic fuck my wife is, as if I didn't know! And they told Julie that when she was fucking on stage they were able to adjust the music's tempo to her movements.
Julie replied to the bass guitarist that now she understood why her orgasms were so powerful, and that for a while she'd thought she was triggering one of those California earthquakes! And that maybe for tonight's show she should spend all her stage time just fucking while they supply the bass line! They agreed, telling her to fuck all she wants, and that they'd try to keep time with her.
The band members drifted away one by one, leaving me and Julie alone by the side of the pool. She told me she was exhausted after all that singing and that her pussy needed a rest, not to mention her ass. We'd been planning to go back to our cabin to shower and rest up for tonight's show, but Julie decided to first just lie there on her back by the pool and try to find a few good men to suck all those loads of cum out of her pussy. And that maybe the guy who got into her ass will come lick that hole out as well. She asked me to stay there with her and hold her hand and talk to her.
My dick had been inside her all this time, even though I'd cum. As I slowly eased out, her legs were still open, knees raised and parted, exposing her intimate nakedness to the small crowd that had formed around us. All could see her cunt overflowing with mens' cum and her own juices, and she invited them all to help themselves to it.
So I stayed there at the pool, holding her hand as many guys and a few girls one after the other pressed their mouths to Julie's soft labia to harvest the afternoon's cum. As each pulled away, her cunt stayed open revealing the pool of cum still inside her vagina. As they ate her out, I kissed her and played with her tits, and between orgasms Julie and I chatted about what to get for dinner and if there would be enough hot water to wash all the dried cum off her body. Others asked to touch her tits, but she told them her tits were for her husband only.
We also took the time to explore our feelings about the day's events. She said she was loving it, not just the music, but also her exhibitionism and especially the sex. But she wanted to know how I felt. I started by saying that after so many happy years of marriage, I still admired her ability to pleasure so many men. And how awesome she looked up there on the stage and that even though there were naked ladies all around I thought she was the best looking of all the women, and certainly the most talented when it came to singing. And fucking. I told her that I liked seeing her share her orgasms with so many onlookers.
We kept chatting as the procession of people, mostly men but also a few women, took turns between her legs. She'd performed with this band before but until now never at a nudist venue, so liked that she could be naked here. As for the sex, she reminded me that she doesn't ordinarily fuck onstage, but here it seemed appropriate, and she wanted to see if she could get away with it. Well, she got the answer to that question.
Even though she was still on her back with someone else's face on her cunt, we shared a hug and a long kiss, until...suddenly Julie pushed that poor guy's head aside and jumped to her feet and yelled:
"Hey, you're the buttfucker! You're the one who missed my pussy and came in my ass! Well, buster, now you're gonna lick your own cum out of my asshole, so get down here!" With that, she dropped to her knees, bent forward and stuck her bum in the air, and pulled her cheeks apart. Because there were so many people there supportive of Julie, the buttfucker fellow had no choice other than to put his mouth to her asshole and begin licking and sucking. She kept Buttfucker in place until she felt clean, then said to him "OK, that's enough, now go wash out your mouth and don't try to fuck me again until you've washed your dick, too. And next time you'd better find the right hole."
With that, she rolled onto her back again and spread her legs for access to her cunt.
Half an hour later, the last person in line, a woman, bent down and used her tongue to expertly stimulate Julie's clit, driving both women into a shared raw, animalistic, primal orgasm. This lasted several minutes, and their screams of ecstacy and the sight of Julie squirting an arc of her own juices high into the air brought onlookers from across the resort, and finally, a vigorous round of applause. Julie and the other woman, both clearly embarrassed, helped each other to their feet and sheepishly took a bow. By then Julie wasn't dripping cum any longer, so she and I headed for our cabin for some well-deserved rest before the evening concert.
On the way to the cabin I mentioned the sexually athletic Joan I'd met earlier, the one with at least 23 plus 6 repeats even before the first set was over. Right away Julie took the bait, and said maybe we could get Joan up on the stage in some sort of competition, maybe herself lying across one woofer and Joan on the other.
...but I'd have to wait until tonight's concert to see.