It was another baking hot day and as she headed home all Claire could think about was peeling off the little dress she was wearing and cooling down in the shower.
As soon as she got in she went straight upstairs, stripped off and almost ran to the bathroom. She set the shower to just the cool side of relaxing and gratefully climbed in.
It was while she was shaving her legs that she remembered a conversation she'd had with her best friend Emma, and had a slightly dirty thought. Emma's boyfriend had persuaded her to shave her pussy, she said she had been very reluctant at first but had eventually given in, and now she couldn't believe she hadn't done it sooner. Emma's boyfriend James couldn't get enough and Emma confided he had spent hours with his head between her legs since she'd shaved. He couldn't stop raving about how good it looked and how much nicer it was to go down on a smooth, wet cunt. Emma admitted she did feel a bit of a slut the first time she showered in the gym, and she was sure she'd seen a couple of women's gazes linger slightly on her hairless pussy, but laughing, she admitted she actually started to find that a bit of a turn on. She mentioned that there was one woman in particular who had definitely let her gaze linger on Emma's shaved mound for longer than was decent, but just when Emma was starting to feel uncomfortable she looked up and smiled at her, which she had confessed had actually made her get a little wet.
Why not? Claire thought, it's not like it won't grow back if I don't like it. She didn't have anyone in particular in mind to appreciate her new look but she knew it was only a matter of time, and she liked the idea of a new man undressing her for the first time and find her completely shaved.
Slightly nervously she made sure she applied a large amount of shaving foam and gingerly started shaving herself. She quickly relaxed and after a few minutes found she was starting to enjoy it. She was soon finished and she left the shower and started to dry herself. She started to moisturise her legs and then thought she might lie down, and enjoy moisturising her freshly shaven pussy a bit more slowly.
She put her towel down on the bed, lay down and squeezed a small amount of moisturiser into her hand. She started out gently massaging the lotion into her lips. Almost as soon as she started she realised how wet she already was, the thought of what she had done, and the feel of her fingers gently rubbing in the moisturiser was really turning her on.
She slid one finger in between her lips and started gently rubbing her clit, which was already starting to swell, and used the other hand to stroke her nipples. She had beautiful fat nipples which the men she fucked seemed to love, they were very sensitive and would stiffen at the slightest provocation, and she loved to have them sucked when she was being fucked.
Sometimes she felt she could cum just from having her nipples sucked but she knew she definitely preferred having her clit rubbed too.
As she stroked her clit Claire found herself thinking about Emma's boyfriend James, Emma had told Claire he was a very good fuck and had a nice long, thick cock. He was certainly fit and Claire started imagining his tongue on her clit and his fingers in her tight, wet pussy. She increased the pressure slightly as she rubbed her clit, and moved her other hand down so she could slip a couple of fingers inside herself.
She soon started thinking how good it would feel to have James's thick cock stretching her shaved pussy. She grabbed her hairbrush from her bedside table and started gradually inserting the smooth, thick end into her soaking cunt. She shut her eyes and started to slide the hairbrush in and out as she rubbed her clit harder and imagined James pounding into her. It wasn't long before she felt her pussy start to throb and she knew she wasn't far from cumming. Just as she felt she was close to orgasm she heard a noise, panicked, she opened her eyes and to her horror she saw a ladder leaning against her bedroom window and the local window cleaner staring at her, rubbing his cock through his jeans. She felt her face burn red with shame, wondering how long he had been watching her finger herself. As ashamed as she was she realised it still didn't make her want to stop.
She was too close now, every stroke on her clit felt delicious and she could feel her pussy contracting around the hairbrush. Her nipples were rock hard and she looked at the window-cleaner and saw him smile as he realised she wasn't going to stop now even though she knew he was watching.
The shame of displaying herself like this and masturbating herself to orgasm in front of a complete stranger should have stopped her, but instead she spread her legs a little wider to make sure he could see every thrust of the hairbrush and came almost immediately, bucking her hips and moaning slightly as waves of pleasure burst through her. She lay back and closed her eyes, exhausted by the intensity of her orgasm. When she eventually opened them again the window was empty, and the window-cleaner had disappeared.