et.al., it has been way too long since I posted a story, I guess because I could not think of anything erotic enough. So, I invented the following character, a Tgurl, so far not named. And, I will post a series about "hur" here. Over the next few weeks. At the least, that is my plan...
Enjoy...
******************
I am in my mid-twenties. I really AM a transgurl. However, you would not know it if you saw my naked body. I have been completely through corrective surgery "down there" (I now have a fully realistic pussy in both look and feel. I even have what amounts to a functional clitty. Up top, I have been taking HRT pills for years, giving me, among other things, puffy dark thick nipples that ride on top of well-defined dark areola. As I recall, those pills also gave me roughly B-cup boobies. However, I have gone through three rounds of surgical enhancement and now sport proud D-cups for all the men to ogle and fantasize over. The HRT has also given me smooth skin, a nice butt (not too big, not too small), a small waist, just enough baby-fat to give me smooth soft curves with minimal "definition". And it has given me, continues to give me, a strong desire to seduce and please men. Heck, since I started so early in life with the HRT, I don't even have an Adam's Apple, nor a husky voice.
I am lucky, I am just a tad over 5 feet 5 inches in bare feet, so even when I am in 3-inch heels, I am looking up at most dates. Finally, I keep my hair platinum blonde and in a pixie style. I keep the rest of my body completely shaven (part of my daily ritual), except for a narrow "landing strip" above my faux kitty, which I keep colored raven black. You would not believe how hot seeing that black strip combined with my platinum blonde quaff makes real men. I guess they assume that I am a natural brunette that dies her hair blonde to entice men. If they want to assume that, let them. It usually gets them super-hot for my body, keeping them using me for hours and hours.
In make-up, and in either skimpy clothing (my preferred clothing, by the way), or in high fashion, you would see me as a true girl, and a sexy one at that! Something which I find makes men desire me and which, in turn, makes me feel so seductive.
At any rate, I have decided to write a series of actual events for these pages. I should start with the very beginning of my budding desires as a youth, through my development, however I have decided to give a few fun stories of my adventures first. That way, it doesn't get too boring with technical details, at least not for the first few of these installments. Don't worry, I will eventually come back around and describe my development and transformation, just not yet. For now, just assume that all will becoming later, and for now, have some fun with me.
The first event happened last summer. My Mistress, yes, I actually have one, decided that I needed to explore a slutty but submissive side of me. So, she made me reservations for a 2 week stay at a resort, down in Mexico, that is known for it's "shacking up" tendencies, in fact, it is rather famous for that. She told me that I could only take what she packed for me, what bikini's (mostly all that she packed for me) to wear on what days, how long I had to stay "available" (at this or that pool or this or that bar) each day, and that she absolutely expected me to bed a minimum of 14 different men (since I was there for 14 days). You can imagine the butterflies that were all a flitter in my tummy and all the quivers in my cuscus that were sent when she told me of this, for the first time, literally the morning of my flight to the resort. She told me that there was no backing out, but she and I both knew that I would never want to back out! So, she put me in a pleated miniskirt, no panties, 2-inch strappy heels, and a tight stretch halter top, packed 14 different bikinis, some toiletries and drove me to the airport. She left me alone there, but told me that she would have spies at various times and places on my trip, so she would know if I was really letting lots of men to pick me up and enjoy me or if I was faking, all before I got back home.
Well, my adventure began at airport security when the man at the microwave machine "decided" that I needed a private pat-down. He took me into a curtained off booth and, sure enough, started squeezing my boobies and ass, eventually rubbing a finger along my slit. He then, while holding me, took out his cock and I knelt and sucked him off, swallowing a very bountiful load! When I got back out of the booth, all the security men were smiling or even outright laughing! They obviously knew what I had just done.
Later, sitting at the gate, whenever I felt that I could get away with it, I would slightly spread my legs innocently exposing my boitoy to anybody that I felt would enjoy it. After 3 or 4 such flashes, I noticed that one guy looked straight at it, then quickly left and right, I guess to see if anybody else noticed. I kept my thighs apart, and soon enough, when he apparently felt the coast was clear, returned to staring right at me and my pussy. When we made eye contact, I smiled. Sure enough, he walked over and started a conversation. During it, I told him where I was going, as was he. I knew that I had at least one real-man lover in the making right there.
The flight was open seating, and was only about a third full, so he and I dallied until we were the last two on the plane, and choose a pair of seats toward the back, with nobody else within several rows of us. So, when I sat down, window seat, he on the aisle, I turn slightly and spread and raised my leg enough that I was fully exposed, then leaned over and started French kissing him. As we kissed, I reach down and unzipped his pants and took out and started stroking his rapidly hardening sword even as his hand found my exposed box and started rubbing me.
After the flight attendant completed her safety instructions, she walked down the aisle checking for seat belts. When she got to us, she looked down and saw what was happening, smiled and told us that everybody was in front of us and facing forward, so if we were somewhat quiet, she had no problem. She then winked at me, smiles and headed toward the front of the cabin.
With that okay, even before we were speeding down the runway, I had unbuckled my seat belt and maneuvered into a kneeling position where I could suck my new friend's dick. Ten to fifteen minutes into the air, he exploded in my mouth, my second swallowed load of the day, and me nowhere near the resort yet. I kept licking and sucking and stroking until he was hard again, then I got up, pushed his armrest up out of the way, straddled him, and allowed us to join the mile high club, me bouncing on his shaft. While I bounced, he pushed my halter up, exposing my mammaries for his pleasure, which he took good care of with his mouth and tongue. He lasted a long time before his second orgasm, giving my time to build to two gentle yet satisfying spasms of my own. When he got close to shooting, he started to softly moan.
Fearing detection, I thought fast and quickly leaned forward and planted my lips on his, my tongue in his mouth, stifling his auditory excitement. I stay there, still bouncing on the filling cock of his, until I could feel his twitching inside of me (and yes, women will all tell you, we know when a guy shoots inside of us, we can actually feel your pumping vein). We both, satiated, collapsed onto one another. After a while, him remaining in me as he softened, I rose off him and fell to the seat, my gash open, exposed, and obviously used as his jism drained out of me. I started using my fingers to wipe up his cum and lick them clean. This got him going one more time, so I started encouraging him by first using my fist to wipe the spent juice off his man-monster, and licking those same fingers clean, and then by rapidly stroking his hardening tool.
When he was ready again, I decided to become a three-hole whore for him and again straddled him, this time facing forward, then lowering my ass down on that smooth flesh-snake. That must have been a fantasy of his, and before I was halfway down, he grabbed my hips and thrust up into me. Now, he was still in his seatbelt, so the thrust was more of a "pull me down" than a "push him up", but it worked anyway, and what thrusting he could do, he did. And, as I said, it must have been a real turn on for him, because he only lasted about 15 minutes before erupting a third time during the flight. I collapsed back onto him, my heaving breast bobbing, his arm reaching around me, his softening reamer still filling me. We relaxed for several minutes. We were only interrupted when the flight attendant came on and said we were starting out descent and that everybody needed to be back in their seats and their seatbelts on. I got off him, git into my seat, then leaned over and licked him clean one last time.
After we landed, and got off the flight, I kissed him and said that I hoped to see him later at the resort, to which he agreed. He offered me a ride, but I know that if I was going to make my quota of 14 total wham-bam, that I needed to keep on the lookout "for my next new lover".
I will type more in a day or two. Good fucking for now, my gorgeous real men! I fantasize about being used by you every day...