I lay on the makeshift bed, sprawled out wearing my sexy lingerie, with my right hand between my wide open stockinged legs, gently stoking my shaved pussy. I'd Just swallowed Neil's, his brother Tom's and my husbands orgasmic fruits. Neil and Tom were setting up lights and cameras over the other side of the studio as my husband looked lovingly toward me, still stroking his semi erect cock.
In less than one day my husband had gone from normal husband with a sane level of jealousy to an out and out voyeur, watching his wife take cock and actively encouraging her to be the complete slut. I however had returned to my old ways as the exhibitionist submissive slut, fucking the two photographers, but this time round I was enjoying the added torment that my husband was experiencing. My husband walked over to the bed and sat in between my open legs as I continued to stroke my excited pussy.
"You were fantastic!" He smiled, looking me in the eye as he stroked my stockinged leg.
I was almost purring with sexual contentment.
"So you liked the floorshow?" I giggled "We'll be doing another in a moment. The guys will fuck me and abuse me! Do you want to stick around for it?" I questioned.
"I wouldn't miss it for the world!" Hubby smiled with a naughty twinkle in his eye.
"Should I get changed or stay in this outfit?" I asked, still stroking my shaved slit.
"I like this outfit, and judging by the amount of spunk you swallowed, I think the guys like it also!"
Hubby continued stroking my thigh as the two brothers returned.
"Right babe, we've set up everything over by the stage. Do you remember the old striptease videos we made?" Neil smiled, triggering memories of my previous slut life.
"Of course I do! Those were some of the horniest moments of my life!" I declared, disregarding my husbands feelings "You guys used to give me such a good fucking afterwards!"
I heard hubby swallow, a sure sign that all of his buttons were being pushed.
"Great stuff. Here's the plan. You get on the stage and we'll get the music on. Dance around a little then sit in the chair, hold your tits and play with your nipples, then open your legs wide showing us your shaved slot!" Neil said efficiently, unaware how much his words were arousing me.
"Remember that little trick you used to do where you would open your legs wide and place two fingers from each hand in your cunt then pull it open as wide as you could? Well we'll have some of that. There is a double ended dildo at the side of the chair you can you use to fuck yourself with, and we'll want both holes at the same time!" Neil continued issuing my stage direction.
"Then step off the stage and dance amongst the crowd, which will be us three, then we'll all fuck you, but we'll bend you over for the finale and you'll hold your ass open while we all shoot into your gaping ass!" He smiled "Remember we've done that before!"
I squirmed with sexual excitement, my pussy and ass tingling at what lay ahead.
"Wear this collar round your neck. It's got a little detector in the back which is a motion sensor and will control the camera to be on you at all times!" Neil said fastening the tight velvet collar round my neck.
"Plus you know this is one of the symbols that a woman takes it up the ass if she's wearing the collar!" Tom said, smiling at hubby, adding to his sexual humiliation "She's wore the collar on a lots of occasions has your pretty little slut wife!" He continued laughing hoarsely.
I slid two fingers inside my pussy at the thought of my stage directions and Tom's little teasing statement.
"You're going to have to give her more cock!" Tom smiled "She's just been fucked, is about to get fucked again, but she's still feels the need to finger her cunt and doesn't care who looks on!"
"I want more cock!" I panted "I want to be your slut and for you all to fuck me and unload in my gaping ass!"
Hubby groaned loudly, rubbing his now fully erect cock. If he needed confirmation of how much of a slut his wife is, here it was before his very shocked but aroused eyes.
"Come on over to the stage and we'll get the show on the road!" Neil smiled as all three guys walked over to the seats in front of the stage.
I climbed on to the stage and a flood of exciting sexual memories surged through my mind. I'd done the striptease video shoot on many occasions, sometimes getting fucked on screen, but always getting fucked. I remember one night they invited a group of friends from their camera club to photograph the scene. Tom and Neil fucked me that night while the camera club members all emptied their tight excited balls all over my face! That was a very exciting evening for a young excitable slut, to partake in her first bukkake movie, as a room full of strangers ogled her exposed pussy and breasts, touching every part of her.
It was like nothing had changed.
I started walking back and forth on the small stage, bending over a few times, gyrating my hips, crouching down and opening my legs, and giving the guys a good look at my wet shaved pussy. As I was squatting down, I placed my fingers inside my pussy and held my hole wide open, showing my audience my pink pledge. I did a few hip rotations as though I was fucking fresh air, showing my inner labia to my private audience and obviously to the prying cameras. The guys whistled and cheered, encouraging me to be more brazen. I held my left breast up to my mouth and began to suck my erect nipple. The guys cheered once more, clapping and making lewd comments as I sucked my nipple for their entertainment. I sat on the chair provided, opened my legs wide with my stiletto heels planted on the floor. My hand slithered down the underbust corset and glided over my hairless mound. My index finger slid between my incredibly wet labia and stroked the aroused flesh. I sighed and threw my head back as my breathing became more erratic.
"Use the dildo!" Hubby shouted acting as one of my pervert audience.
I looked over at him with a sexy smile and winked. Picking up the dildo, I licked both ends of the double headed sex toy. My saliva had drenched the sex toy, lubricating the veined cock substitute, ready for penetration.
I raised my legs up toward my chest, feeling the cool air waft across my opened pussy. I placed one end of the dildo on my opened pussy lips and slid the phallic toy inside me slowly. Possibly due to my recent double penetration, my ass was craving the other end to be inserted. I smiled at my audience as they sat stroking their erect cocks, and placed the other end of the double header at my puckered ring, pushing against my sphincter gently.
"Who wants to push this up my ass?" I questioned the three cock stroking members of my audience. The two brothers looked at my husband and indicated he should go on stage and slide the double header into my stretched asshole. I nodded my head excitedly as hubby stood up and walked on to the stage. He stood at my side and leant over, looking at my filled pussy and stretching asshole. He held the dildo in my pussy and slowly fed the opposite end inside my hungry asshole. I let out a long deep sigh and whispered sexily.
"Oh yeah! Fuck your stripper slut!"
Hubby looked down at my writhing body, contorting with sexual pleasure as he pushed his erect cock toward my head. A slut doesn't need telling twice and my excited lips, shrouded the head of his cock as my tongue rolled around the rim and head, exciting every single fibre in his body.
Hubby began to push the dildo in and out of my tight holes, building up the speed and rhythm, making me squirm and moan with sexual delight.
My orgasm was ready to explode as I looked up at my husband, my eyes wide open, almost manic. I thrust my hips toward his hand forcing the double headed dildo further inside me, as my orgasm took control and surged through my body. It felt as though every nerve, every cell and every inch of my flesh was erogenous.
There was something strangely loving and loyal, that my husband was the instigator of my first orgasm on the new set. A spray of female ejaculate gushed from my dildo filled pussy. This was the first time my husband had made me squirt and I could see the look of pride and satisfaction etched into his face as I panted frantically, squirming endlessly at the sensational orgasm.
As the orgasm subsided, I placed my heels onto the floor of the makeshift stage and rose from the chair. The double headed dildo was still inserted into the holes it was designed for. The slightest movement of walking was an enjoyable sexual sensation I never expected. I winked at the guys and turned my back to them slowly. Parting my legs slightly, I bent over and arched my back, showing my dildo stuffed pussy and asshole. Holding the cheeks of my ass, I squeezed down through my vaginal walls, as the dildo head in my pussy, slid out of me slowly. The head plopped out of my pussy as I clenched the head of the dildo in my ass with my sphincter. My ass clung to the head of the dildo, sending the most wonderful tingles through my asshole, leaving me looking as though I'd grown a tail. I decided I would improvise and put a little show on for the guys. I rotated my hips in a burlesque way, with the dildo being held tightly by my sphincter. With each clench of my sphincter, it was feeling like a little bit more dildo was sliding inside me. I placed a leg either side of the chair, holding the back for stability, I crouched slightly, showing my stretched dildo filled asshole. With each clench and visible twitch, the guys could see the dildo being sucked inside my asshole a little piece at a time.
Neither I nor my audience had ever experienced this and this was a welcome addition to the events and something I would gladly use in any future repertoire. The three guys cheered watching the dildo slide into my asshole like a snake looking for cover. The more I squeezed my sphincter on the dildo, the more sexually aroused I became. The exhibitionist in me was thriving at this point, showing my lingerie clad body, exposed breasts, wet tight shaved pussy and my asshole stretched around an intruding rubber phallus. I was thrilling myself, showing my audience my new found skill, squeezing the dildo into my ass. The guys were rubbing their cocks with delight, staring at my oscillating stretched asshole.
I moved back from the chair, placing my hands on the seat and began to slowly do the splits. The dildo stretched out on the floor behind me as my pussy slowly made her way to the floor. My pussy was opening quite wide, and the invading dildo slid just a little further inside. Eventually my pussylips kissed the stage floor making my audience gasp in appreciation. The cold surface of the stage was a most welcome sensation to my burning pussy, only to find this was increasing my ridiculously high level of arousal. My eyes were glazed over with pure lust as I looked at my audience as though they were sexual prey. I was going to be fucked and I needed that fucking to be merciless. My cunt and ass were needing sexual satisfaction and the three cocks before me would be providing all of the depraved pleasure I desired.
I looked over at Neil stroking his huge hard cock and smiled seductively.
"Stick your cock in my pussy!" I purred "And slide the dildo in and out of my ass!"
I moved out of the splits position, bringing my knees onto the cool stage surface, opening my legs, I rested on my knees in the doggy position. Holding the dildo I turned to look at my audience smiling and began to slowly slide the double ended dildo in and out of my stretched ass.
I licked my lips as I controlled the fucking movements of the sex toy.
Neil rose from his chair, stark naked holding his huge cock at the base. His throbbing pulsating flesh nudged at the slit of my pussy, pushing the tip of his cock inside my very tight wet pussy, I lifted the double ended dildo upward, allowing Neil full access to my married pussy.
Neil slid his huge cock deep inside my unfaithful pussy, until his balls were tickling the hairless flesh of my shaved mound. I began to rotate my hips, milking Neils cock buried deep inside me, as Neil slid the huge dildo in and out of my tight stretched asshole. Tom climbed on to the stage and knelt naked in front of me. Without a word being spoken, I slipped my moist lips over the dome of his enormous cock. Holding the base, I stroked the shaft lightly, swirling my tongue around his blood engorged head.
The fucking was slow and sensual, my pussy, ass and mouth being used sexually in a slow and precise manner. Neil, Tom and I were enjoying the sensual sexual pleasures of our slow fuck, with my own arousal being increased knowing my husband was watching this and stroking his cock.
This was a lifestyle I would need to pursue. I could not return to my normal sex life, now that my inner slut had been well and truly awakened. Posing for the brothers and getting their huge cocks regularly would help contain my ferocious lust, but for how long?
Maybe I could become the official sexual plaything of their camera club?
My mind and body knew that I would need to be fucked and treat this way at least twice a week to dampen my ardour. Judging by the salacious grin on my husbands face, I don't think there will any objections raised by him, except maybe on the times he will not be allowed to view and partake. I know this will excite both of us and make my return to his bed something to look forward too.
Neil was fucking me slowly playing with the double ended dildo in my ass, pleasuring me more than he could possibly know. Tom's cock was rock solid as my mouth worked its magic. I began to swallow gently as his cock went to the back of my mouth, my throat closing around the manly flesh. My tongue slithered on the underside of his cock as he groaned with pleasure at my oral skills.
"She's still a filthy slut! This is the best blowjob I've ever had!" Tom groaned, holding my hair, stroking my hair and scalp.
"Pussy and ass are still the best also!" Neil uttered "I'll need to fuck her ass now as I'll be emptying my spunk inside it any minute now!"
"Get a move on as I'm about to explode also!" Tom giggled.
"Its good having our slut back!" Neil smiled "Tell you what babe! Why don't you give us all a lap dance then we'll unload in your gaping ass!"
"Make me come first!" I purred, not wanting to release Neil's fabulous length just yet.
Neil began to bang my pussy ferociously.
"Come on my cock slut!" He snarled "You love cock in your cheating cunt!"
His words and actions combined had my pussy flooded as a breathtaking orgasm surged through me. Tom had removed his cock and was stroking his enormous length slowly. Hubby was transfixed watching the frantic fucking, as Neil withdrew his cock and the double headed dildo.
All three guys took their seats, sitting upright with their erect cocks standing to full attention.
I straddled hubby, placing one hand on his shoulder to balance myself and the other hand on his hard cock. My stockinged legs lowered toward his hard cock. The tip of his cock was at my pussy opening as I slid my greasy hole back and forth on his throbbing cock. I placed my mouth over hubby's letting him taste the cock I'd been sucking and slid down the shaft of his solid cock. We both moaned into each other's mouths as I began to ride my husbands cock. I was fucking my hubby wildly, as a slut and not his loyal loving wife. The two guys encouraged me to give my husband the ride of a lifetime.
"Thats it slut ride his cock and let him be the first to spunk in your gaping ass!" Tom snarled.
Hubby gulped with lust and arousal, whispering to me that he was about to come!
I eased off his cock and lay on the stage, as Tom moved my legs back toward my head, opening them wide in the process. I held my cheeks apart, spreading my asshole as Hubby placed the tip of his cock at my asshole. His spunk spurt as such but sort of poured out of his cock into my asshole. Hubby stroked his orgasming cock, ensuring every drop of his white spunk had slid into my asshole. The heat of his spunk was like a spice feeling inside my asshole.
Tom patted my husband on the back and said.
"Well done kid, that's the way to treat the slut!" Tom continued stroking his cock "Now turn over on your knees with your ass in the air!"
I turned over as requested, kneeling on the stage with my ass high in the air. Tom positioned himself directly be hind me and growled.
"Spread your ass cheeks and get that asshole gaping!"
Being the obedient fuck slut, I placed my hands on my buttocks, cupping my orbs and spread the flesh. I could feel my asshole gaping and my wet pussy begging to open and stretch.
Tom was stroking his cock furiously as he put the tip of his cock on my gaping asshole.
With one long grunt he began to squirt his spunk inside my spread asshole. I nodded to Neil to bring his cock to my smiling mouth.
Toms spunk felt hotter and spicier than my husbands, as the lava like liquid poured inside my asshole. Neil's cock slid into my slut hungry mouth just as Tom shook the final drop from his cock into my asshole.
Neil was in mouth a matter of seconds when he tapped my head, indicating that he also was going to spurt. He rushed from my front to my rear, holding his huge cock and pointing the purple head directly into my splayed asshole. Neil didn't disappoint with the force of his orgasm. Thick huge dollops of come splashed inside my asshole, his spunk mixing in with the other deposits. My asshole was now so full of spunk a little trickle spilled out of my asshole and ran down the open shaved slit of my pussy.
"That's going to look great on camera!" Tom smiled.
"We'll need to get you cleaned up and get changed into another fuck me outfit babe!" Neil smiled "I'm thinking all of us could do with a little rest then go again maybe?
I nodded smiling looking at all of my playthings recuperating. I'd performed as a nasty slut and enjoyed every minute. I knew that I needed fucked again but this time I would be selfish and fuck the brothers in my husbands absence.
"It's time for you to make yourself scarce!" I said looking at my hubby "I'll bring copies of the videos and some pics home with me so I can tell you everything these dirty fuckers did!" I continued staring at Neil and Tom "You don't need to wait up for me, I'll be home full of spunk when these guys are finished with me!"
Hubby looked a little shocked, but my words somehow excited him. I fluttered my eyelashes, looking directly into his eyes and spoke with just a hint of sexual moaning.
"I'll milk your cock as I tell you everything, once I make it home!" I smiled as hubby dressed quickly and began to leave the studio "After me and the guys have had a dirty old times sake fuck, one of these two will give me a lift home and I'll give his cock a goodnight kiss outside our house! That way you'll still smell and taste cock on my breath!" I finished as hubby dressing.
"You don't mind babe do you?" I faked "I need to be a slut for these guys and have a nasty fuck where it's just us! We'll arrange some future modelling sessions with these guys before I leave full of spunk!" I smiled as hubby walked out the studio, waving his goodbyes.
I looked at the two lust crazed brothers and smiled.
Spunk began spilling out of my ass and down my shaved slit, as I knelt there, sexually and spiritually contented.
It was good to be a slut again!