Chapter 9
Last minute tips for the Sex Olympics
The Maddison family was coming over this afternoon to discuss the Sex Olympics and go over the videos they'd taken during mum's gang bang training session at their house.
I was a bit nervous as I was really keen to see Alison again. I really liked her, but I was worried the sex was overpowering any relationship that might be between us. I wasn't jealous or anything. I knew she regularly fucked her twin brothers and her father, even her mother. I guess she also screwed plenty of guys outside her family. I certainly don't mind her screwing other people, but with all that going on I was worried that any relationship I might have with Alison was a bit crowded.
My heart leaped a little when they eventually knocked on the door and dad let them in. I gave Alison a big hug and a kiss. She looked great in a pair of shorts and braless under a blue t-shirt. Her blonde hair was shining and she smelt like she'd just come out of the shower.
Her mother Laura was her usual staggering self in a loose white singlet that left quite a bit of side boob exposed in deep scoops under her arms. She wasn't wearing a bra and I guessed she wasn't wearing anything underneath her short white pleated tennis skirt either.
The twins Mark and Andy gave me the old school handshake. Their father Charles patted me on the back. They had an old man aged close to 70 with them. He wasn't the old guy at mum's gang bang -- the one Alison had told her brothers to move aside for and let him go first fucking my mother.
"Gloria, George, Jim -- this is my father Stephen," said Laura, introducing the old man who stepped up and embraced my mum. "He's real sorry he didn't make it to the party along with Charles's father, but he's quite the old goat, still going strong."
"It's nice to meet you Stephen," said mum.
The old man laughed. "It's real good to meet you Gloria. Laura has been telling me all about you. I was impressed with your skills and stunned by your photos, but you are even more beautiful in person."
He embraced her closely again, his hands drifting down her back to squeeze my mother's ass cheeks. She was wearing a loose pink cotton dress that buttoned up the front. She was showing a good deal of cleavage. I knew she was wearing a low cut bra and a thong underneath her dress as I'd seen her getting dressed. Mum didn't shy away from the old man's groping. She smiled and accepted the fondling from the old man. I looked over at dad and he was smiling.
Stephen gave mum one last squeeze and let go of mum's ass to shake my dad's hand.
"George, hell of a cock you have there -- even Laura was struggling to get that monster down her throat. But she did -- I saw the photos. Nothing can stop my Laura when she sets her sights on a goal.
"And hello to you too Jim. I cheered you on from the sidelines when I watched you play rugby with my nephews. You were a heck of a player. Then I was cheering you on when I saw the film and watched you give your ma the finishing touch in her gangbang. She got you all the way down her throat. Now that was a real achievement, wasn't it Gloria," he said and turned to my mother to congratulate her.
Mum smiled bashfully at him, somewhat embarrassed by this enthusiastic praise for her sexual abilities from an old man she'd just met. She wasn't shy about her new sexual freedom, nor was she worried what others may think. Hell, she'd taken many total strangers into her mouth, ass and pussy since we'd all embarked on this liberated lifestyle. But she wasn't used to being praised for it loudly like this, as though she'd just won the Nobel Prize or cured cancer.
Laura seemed to sense mum's embarrassment and put her arm around her dad to calm him down. The old man returned the favour and put his arm around his daughter, slipping his hand under her singlet to caress her breast, heft it and knead the mound.
Her twin sons and her husband looked on smiling. They must have seen this action between Laura and her father before and obviously accepted it. Alison came over to me and put her hand in mine and kissed me firmly on the lips.
"Granddad's been screwing mum for decades," she said softly to me. "I found out about it five years ago when I was 18. The twins were still only 13 then, so we kept it from them until they were of age. They weren't too surprised when they found out. Incest is a big family tradition in the mad Maddisons."
"Well I reckon we've joined the ranks of the mad families," I said as I held Alison by the waist. She felt wonderful, warm and firm. We had wandered off to the kitchen to get drinks for everybody and we were alone. I enjoyed talking with her and she was totally open in telling me everything.
"Yeah, apparently granddad was back screwing mum as soon as she and dad got back from their honeymoon. Grandma was alive then, and after mum told dad all about her having sex with her parents, dad was keen on joining in. I was about ten when grandma died. It was very sad as we all missed her terribly, but at least granddad didn't feel alone and he became a regular part of our family fun.
"What, you too?" I said, shocked.
"Oh don't be silly Jim. Not then. Not until I was 18. Mum and dad wanted me to be old enough to make up my own mind about whether I would join in the sex side of the family fun. Dad and granddad were very gentle in providing my sexual education -- mum too. She was always there in the early years to make sure I felt safe."
"And the anal thing -- how did you get so interested in that?"
"Oh that came right at the very beginning. Granddad licked my ass early on and it sent an electric jolt through me. I took granddad, and then dad up my ass and I was hooked. Mum helped me with relaxing so I could open up for them. She knew the secret was lots of lube."
Alison laughed. "We were going through so much lube in those days we should have bought it in bulk. I had boyfriends, mum and dad's friends, even a few of granddads friends all taking me in the ass. I was a bit out of control. I can't help it Jim, I just love anal sex. And Jim, I want to ask you, would you mind if I asked your father to fuck me in the ass? I've never had one as big as his, and I want to see if I can take it."
I blanched at that. For the first time since I knew Alison I felt a little bit jealous. I looked away from Alison and busied myself pouring the drinks. She must have picked up on my reaction because she came over and put her arms around me from behind.
"Oh Jim, I've upset you. I'm sorry. Sometimes I just shoot my mouth off without thinking. I do care for you, you know. I should realize not everyone talks about sex like me and I can be thoughtless about how it effects people."
She turned me around and gave me a deep long kiss on the mouth. "Jim, you are very special to me. I'm sorry. I won't do it if you don't want me to."
"Alison, I don't have the right to protest or say no. After all, you didn't even need to ask me."
I looked into her blue eyes and I knew I had fallen in love with this incredible girl. There was no way I could disappoint her.
"Of course you can try taking my father in your ass. It'd be amazing if you could fit him in there," I said as I reached around and caressed her ass cheeks over her shorts , letting my fingers dip into the crease of her ass.
Alison squirmed and ground her crutch into me, feeling my erection growing against her. She giggled and ground herself even harder into me.
"What I was thinking was that you could warm me up, make me nice and loose, and then your dad could try and get his ten inches inside me. It'd be awesome!"
I held up my finger smiling.
"Don't forget it's ten and a half inches. My mom is very proud of that last half inch."
We both laughed and kissed passionately again. Just then my mother came into the kitchen to fetch the nibbles and drinks. I noticed two more buttons of her dress had become unbuttoned down to just below her bra since I had been in the kitchen, and the valley between her breasts were completely exposed to the point where they started to hang on her chest.
"You two having fun in here?" mum said. "We've been waiting for these drinks."
Alison laughed.
"I see granddad didn't waste any time getting his hands on you," Alison said. She left me and went over to my mother, put her hands on her cheeks and kissed her firmly on the lips.
Mum didn't back away. After all Alison had given mum's cunt a thorough licking when she warmed her up for her gang bang. Alison continued kissing mum and dropped her hands to her breasts, hefting them through her dress as the kiss went on and on.
"I hope you shaved this morning Gloria," Alison said softly to her.
"Of course dear. Jim gives me a good finish every time I shave to make sure I haven't missed anything, don't you dear," she said to me over Alison's shoulder.
"Yes mum. It's a tough job but somebody has to do it."
We all laughed and gathered up the drinks to take into the living room where everyone was waiting for us. Laura was sitting in the big armchair in the corner, the twins Mark and Andy perched either side of her on the arms of the chair. Mark had his hand under Laura's loose singlet and was nonchalantly fondling his mother's right breast. Andy was stroking his mother's well toned thigh, running his fingers slowly up to her hip and then down again to her knee. Her short pleated tennis dress had risen up around her hips, exposing her shaved pussy to anyone in the room who looked.
My dad, Charles and Stephen were looking intently at the big flat screen of the TV set. They were in deep discussion about the action that was being shown. I put the drinks down and went and looked over their shoulders at what was on the TV.
It was the film Charles had taken of my mother at her gang bang practice session. It was the part where dad was underneath mum, his huge cock buried in her cunt as a big black guy slammed his big dick into her ass. He was really piling it into her. I saw myself at mum's head, supporting her by the shoulders and kissing her.
"Now that is the kind of action that scores big with the judges," Charles said to my dad and Laura's dad.
"You see how she is obviously enjoying it. And kissing her son while being DP'd. That will be scoring 10 all round."
"Huge bonus points," agreed Stephen. He looked around and saw my mum sorting out the food and drinks.
"Gloria, you are going to be a gold medal winner for sure," he said beaming.
"Oh really?" answered mum as she spread out the food for her guests. "I can't take any credit. I just did what comes naturally."
"That's why you will score so well," said Stephen, coming over to her and putting his hands on her shoulders. "You are a natural and it's clear you are doing this because you love the sex and you love your family."
Stephen slid his hands from mum's shoulders to her breasts, feeling them through the dress, hefting them and squeezing them. Mum didn't move. She looked over at dad and smiled at him.
"You really do look stunning and beautiful on the film Gloria," dad said.
"She sure does," said Stephen. He undid one more button on mum's dress so that it was open to her stomach.
"May I?" he asked.
Mum looked over at dad, who smiled at her and gave a small nod. It was the first time I'd seen her ask permission from dad to expose herself. I don't know if this is a new agreement they had or what. Until now mum had always done just what she wanted.
She looked back at Stephen and smiled sweetly to the old man.
"Go ahead Stephen," she said softly.
As Alison and I watched from a few feet away, my father and Charles turned around from the TV to see what was going on. Stephen slowly undid the rest of the buttons on mum's dress. One by one they opened to reveal mum's hard body underneath.
Stephen undid the last button to reveal mum's hard flat stomach before her tiny thong underwear was revealed, and he paused. He slid the dress back off her shoulders so that mum's lacy bra was fully exposed. It barely covered her nipples and held both full breasts up as though they were an offering to the Gods.
"My God Gloria, you are truly magnificent -- even better in the flesh than in the movie."
"Thank you Stephen," mum said quietly.
Stephen continued undoing the buttons, down past her panties and down her thighs until the dress fell open down the front. He eased the dress off her shoulders and down her arms until it came away completely. She stood nearly naked, dressed only in the lacy bra and tiny thong. It was cut so low that the top of her shaved pubis was exposed. The material only began just above the slit where her clitoris was hidden.
"Now that is what I call frilly underwear," Stephen said admiringly. He ran his wrinkly hands over mum's body, down her rib cage and across her flat stomach. Mum didn't move, watching his hands caress her body as she stood. His fingers inched across her shaved pubic mound, nodding his approval as he found it completely smooth.
Stephen turned mum around so that her back was directed at everyone in the living room. Her thong was miniscule from behind, a thin strip of material disappearing in her ass crack so that her ass cheeks were completely exposed.
Stephen slowly undid mum's bra and slipped the straps off her shoulders. He eased it off her chest and took it to the side, dropping it on the chair next to him. He then slid his fingers under the straps of her thong at her hips and slowly eased them down her toned legs. Mum stepped out of them, and then Stephen turned her around so she stood completely naked before all of us.
Charles and the twins murmured their approval, even breaking into applause. I was so proud of my mother. She had worked really hard on improving her body since we had started our sex adventures, and it showed with her totally flat belly, well toned legs and high firm natural breasts that hung proudly on her rib cage.
Stephen slowly ran his fingers down her belly, over her hairless pubic mound, and into the slit of her vagina. As we all watched, Stephen asked mum to stand with her legs spread wider apart. She did so. He continued to finger her, now running his whole hand between her legs until they were dripping with moisture. Mum was starting to breathe heavily. Dad stood up and moved behind her to support her. Mum leaned back on him. Stephen intensified his fingering. The slap of his hand and fingers running in and out of her vagina was making wet sloppy noises in the room. Mum groaned and leaned further back on dad, her legs spreading wider as Stephen picked up the tempo even more.
I could see splashes of liquid gushing from mum's cunt, splashing up Stephen's forearm and onto the floor below. She gasped for breath and her chest was rising and falling as she approached orgasm.
"Go for it granddad," cried out Mark. I looked over at them in the armchair. Andy had his fingers deep inside his own mother's cunt, working her just as Stephen was working on my mother. Mark lifted off Laura's singlet exposing her breasts, and began massaging them intently. Mark looked at his twin brother and as though with a silent telepathic agreement, they both dropped their shorts at the same time and whipped off their shirts. They both had hard erections and they went back to working on their mother. Laura reached out her hands and took Mark's dick in her left and Andy in her right, jerking them as all three watched intently as Stephen worked on giving my mother a deep fingering while she strained to keep standing.
The sloppy gushing from mum's cunt was more intense than I had ever seen before. It was running down the inside of her legs and forming a puddle on the floor beneath her. Charles was now also behind her helping her to keep on her feet. They clearly wanted mum to have a stand up orgasm. Stephen had all four fingers up to the knuckles inside her as he worked on slamming it in and out of my mother's loose pussy. Mum's eyes were rolling in her head. I wasn't worried about her as I knew she had an incredible sexual capacity. But I hadn't seen her gush like this before.
Stephen kept on driving his fingers in and out of her, right up to the knuckles. I saw him curl his thumb in. He worked it in and out for a bit -- four fingers and a thumb. Then suddenly his whole hand disappeared inside her. It was beyond the wrist. He was fist fucking her while she stood. Sweat was pouring down her face and body as she cried out.
"My God Gloria, you feel fantastic inside," Stephen cried. " So hot and wet."
"Don't stop, please don't stop" mum cried.
Stephen worked his hand deeper and faster into her. She was now completely supported by dad and Charles behind her as they held her up for Stephen to ravage her with his fist. Stephen picked up the tempo even more, his hand disappearing into mum beyond his wrist and several inches of his muscular forearm.
With a loud cry mum burst into orgasm, liquid splashing out of her pussy around Stephen's wrist, pouring down her legs and down his forearm. Her body shuddered and she collapsed into the arms of the two men behind her. As her shaking slowly came to an end, Stephen carefully slid his wrist, then the palm of his hand, his thumb and finally all four fingers from mum's gaping pussy. She was truly spent. Charles and dad picked her up and carried her to the couch where she lay exhausted.
Stephen examined his hand which was covered in mum's juices. He licked his fingers and smiled in satisfaction.
"I reckon we have a gold medal winner," he smiled.
Alison hugged me close.
"My turn," she whispered in my ear. She dropped to her knees and started undoing my shorts. She tugged them down and my erection sprang up in the air, hitting her on the chin.
"Hey, no beating my sister," laughed Andy. I looked over at him. He was sitting on the floor fingering his mother in the armchair, but topless Laura now had Mark's cock buried in her mouth. I watched as she took Mark's nine inches right down her throat in one motion. She sure can deep throat, I thought. Laura had to be favourite for a gold medal for deep throating at the Sex Olympics.
Alison kissed my cock which was already standing to attention in front of her face. She opened her mouth and slowly devoured me as much as she could. But she's not as good as her mother in the cock swallowing department, and she was stuck at seven of my nine inches. She pulled off, leaving a long drool of saliva connecting us.
"Careful Jim, you know what I want, so don't you dare cum yet."
Stephen had come over and stood next to us, looking down on his granddaughter sucking my cock.
"It's great that the women in the Maddison family both have their specialities," he said. He undid his pants and they dropped to the floor. Alison had my cock buried in her mouth, but she reached out her right hand and gently stroked her grandfather's balls before resting his stiffening cock in the palm of her hand. She slid me out of her mouth and leaned over to kiss Stephen's cock, once on the head, then little kisses all the way down to the base before returning to the head and taking it briefly between her lips and into her warm mouth.
Stephen rocked his head back and sighed.
"Ah thank you Ali, you are a treasure," he said looking down at her. "But I think you want to devote your attentions to your boyfriend here."
Stephen moved back, his cock slipping out of Alison's mouth. He stepped over towards the armchair where the twins and Laura were pleasuring each other. Andy was still on the floor in front of his mother, his tongue working on her bare pussy. Laura was busy sucking off Mark to her right, so Stephen stood on her left. I watched as Laura reached out her hand to hold her father's fully erect dick. She lifted her mouth off Mark's cock and turned to take her father's impressive nine inches into her mouth, her lips advancing without hesitation to take the entire length of it through her mouth and down into her throat.
"Ah that's my wonderful Laura -- the deepest throat in the world," Stephen said as he looked down lovingly on his athletic blonde daughter devouring him.
Dad was sitting beside mum on the couch, caressing her face as she recovered from her intense fisting orgasm. Fisting was still a rarity for mum, and she always took time to recover from an orgasm received from taking a fist deep inside her vagina.
Charles got out his camera and was taking pictures of his wife in the armchair sucking off her father and one of her twin sons while the other twin licked and fingered her below.
"What a couple of amazing families," I thought. I looked down at Alison on her knees in front of me sliding her lips up and down my nine inch dick, her smiling eyes peering up at me to see my reaction to what she was doing to me. I looked down at her and smiled. I blew her a kiss. With that she reached her fingers under my hanging balls and slid them up towards my asshole. As she kept eye contact with me, her finger found the puckered entrance to my anus and slipped through into the passage beyond. It felt hot and I spread my legs a bit wider to give her easier access. She slipped a second finger in, rotating them inside me as she continued to suck on my cock, her deep blue eyes fixed firmly on mine.
Charles had switched his lens towards us and came close to take some extreme close-up pictures of his daughter's lips wrapped around my cock, drool running down her chin as she slowly slid her mouth up and down.
Alison backed off and let my cock flip out of her mouth, a thin stream of saliva connecting her tongue to the head of my cock. Charles snapped away furiously, whispering about the fantastic light glistening on my wet cock and her lips.
Alison put her hands on my hips to turn me around. Reluctantly I did so thinking that would mean an end to her cock sucking. But she had other ideas. She put a hand on my back to have me lean forward. To keep my balance I had to put my hands on the arms of the couch where my naked mom was lying still recovering. My father sat stroked mom's head and face as they watched the sex scene unfold in front of them.
Alison's hand came through between my legs, cupping my balls before grabbing my cock from behind. I then felt this incredible warmth on my asshole as she lowered her lips to kiss my sphincter. Tingles ran up and down my body as she devoted her considerable oral skills to this most intimate and sensitive spot. I felt her stick out her tongue, making it flat as she ran it up from the ridge under my balls all the way over my asshole and right up the length of the crack of my ass. She licked up and down for a while, toying with me by not penetrating my asshole again. Just when I couldn't take the anticipation any more she literally dived in, sticking her tongue out as far as she could and ramming it into my asshole, slipping through the elastic muscles to enter right into my anal passage.
"God, that's incredible Ali," I cried.
"Mmmmm," I heard her from underneath me as she rammed her tongue in and out of my asshole, shaking her head to try and get her incredible tongue even deeper into me. I felt I was literally being fucked in the ass by her tongue. She didn't let up, even increasing the tempo of her tongue attack as my knees started to buckle. My head dipped down, and I was struggling to keep standing. Suddenly mom was sitting up and pulled my head down to her shoulder and had me lean on her naked body. She was holding me up just like dad and Charles had held her up during her fisting. Alison must have registered this and intensified her lathering of my asshole. Her hand was working on my cock, but I looked down and I watched as mom put her hand around Alison's hand and helped her massaging my cock.
"Just enjoy it Jim, just relax and open yourself up to what she is doing," mom whispered in my ear. Her other hand slipped under my cock to heft and caress my balls which were covered in Alison's slippery saliva.
"Oh mom, I don't know if I can take it too long," I whispered back. "She's right down deep into my asshole with her tongue."
"Yes, I know she can really penetrate deep with her tongue. But you must give yourself up to it. She's very skilled and you know she loves all types of anal sex. Alison is a very special girl, a wonderful girl. I know you love her, and this is very much part of her, so you must accept it if you want her."
I backed off and looked into my mother's eyes which were just inches away.
"You know?" I whispered. "How do you know how I feel about her?" I had to gasp my words out as Alison had inserted at least two fingers into my ass and was rotating them inside me trying to open my sphincter wider.
"It's obvious to everyone who sees you together, whenever you look at her. And that's fine. Alison knows too, and she really likes you, you silly boy."
She hadn't called me a boy for a very long time, and I had to laugh given the situation I was in -- my head buried in my naked mother's neck, her large breasts hanging in front of me and her hands massaging my dick while a girl I was falling in love with was licking out my asshole in front of both our families.
Alison stopped for a second. "You OK with this Jim?" she asked. She must have felt me chuckle and was concerned I mightn't like what she was doing to me.
"Yes, yes, Alison, it's fantastic," I said to her between my legs. "I just take time to adjust to the depth you want to go."
"Oh, if it's too much just let me know. But I love doing it. I love the way you cringe and crunch up when I stick my tongue down deep. It's kinda cute."
"Sure Alison, I'll let you know. But right now I just need to lie down. I can't stay standing up while you do that to me."
"OK," she said, and leaned in to give my asshole one last deep rimming before she moved back on her heels. She pulled a couple of cushions off the couch on to the floor.
"Here lie on these so it raises your ass."
I did so. Alison immediately pulled my legs wide apart so I was spread-eagled on the floor in front of my parents and her family. She got in between my legs, put her hands on my ass cheeks, pulled them wide apart and lowered her face into my asshole.
"AAAHHHH" I cried as she buried her tongue deep into my ass. She got her tongue right through my sphincter and it felt like she'd penetrated at least two inches into my anal passage.
"She sure gets to you when she does that with her tongue don't she, hey Jim?" called out Mark.
"Yep, Ali is a champion when it comes to the sphincter -- giving or receiving," laughed Stephen.
I turned my head and looked over at them. Laura was working hard on devouring her father's cock, ramming him deep into her throat as she sat in the armchair and he stood beside her. Her lips, chin and chest glistened in saliva. Mark stood on the other side of her fondling her soaked breasts, waiting his turn for his mother's fantastic deep throat. Andy was licking and fingering her shaved pussy. Charles was capturing it all on his camera, standing back with a long lens.
I looked over at mum and dad on the couch. They were both watching Alison reaming me good and proper, cuddling and caressing each other. Dad's whopping dick was at full mast, and I wondered how Alison could even contemplate getting that monster into her ass. But if that was what she wanted, it was up to me to help her.
"Alison, please let me do you now."
She squealed with glee and her face covered in spittle from rimming me, she leaped on to the cushion lying on her stomach. I kissed my way down her spine until I reached her ask crack. I spread her cheeks and kissed and licked my way down until I reached her sphincter. It was already a little bit open and relaxed in anticipation. I dived in, my tongue circling the ring before closing in on the gaping hole. Alison raised her hips to me. I dug my hands under her hips lifting her ass to my probing tongue and lips.
Finally, after teasing her for several minutes with soft licks, kisses and tongue licking, I rammed my tongue into her asshole as deep as I could.
"AAAggghhh!!" Alison cried, and squirmed underneath me.
I could feel her sphincter literally open up for me. She has amazing ass control. She raised her hips and thrust her asshole up to me. I rammed in again, swirling my tongue around the rim which was gaping open about a quarter of an inch.
"Put your cock in my ass NOW!" ordered Alison and she looked around at me, her face covered in saliva and sweat.
"Now Jim, ram it into me, COME ON!"
I dutifully got on to my knees and lined my nine inch dick with Alison's gaping asshole, and in one thrust slammed it deep into her right to the base. The entire nine inches slid in as easy as sticking it into a bowl of whipped cream -- not that I had ever done that. But Alison after so much practice Alison could relax her entire anal passage to take in cock after cock. I was astounded at her anal abilities, and astonished when her anal muscles started gently massaging my cock, beckoning it to enter even deeper into her anal passage. I withdrew almost to the head and slammed it into her again, forcing myself as deep into her bowels as I possibly could.
Alison's fingers gripped the cushions hard. She worked her ass up and down my cock. Holy shit! She is fucking me, rather than the other way around. She looked over her shoulder and smiled sweetly at me as she tightened her sphincter around my cock, then released it, tightened it and released it.
"Go for it Jim, really drive into me, I am totally open for you..." she said to me huskily.
I couldn't hold back any longer. I rammed into her and pulled out just as hard. Over and over. In and out, as hard as I could. If she wants it hard, I'll give it to her hard. The sweat dripped down my face and chest as I increased the speed and piledriving into her ass. I felt a gentle hand on my ass, kneading my cheeks. I looked around and saw my mother caressing me as I anally fucked Alison. Her fingers dipped through my legs and gently rolled my balls in her hand. She squeezed them softly each time I drove into Alison. Mom saw that I had turned around to see who it was and moved up to kiss me passionately. She then turned her attention to Alison, caressing the blonde hair away from her sweaty soaked face and kissing her on the forehead, cheek and finally her lips.
The two women most important to me were enveloped in a deep kiss as I fucked one of them in the ass. How good is this! I'd taken mum in the ass plenty of times, but I had to admit Alison had the sweetest of all asses. She just loved anal sex so much.
I was close to cumming. Alison's ass was sensitive enough to pick this up and she raised herself a little bit more and kissed mom even deeper, their tongues lashing each other and lips locked with saliva drooling from them. With a final thrust I ejaculated deep into Alison's ass. Blast after blast poured into her. I collapsed on to her back exhausted.
But Alison wasn't finished yet.
"Now Jim, please get your father over here," she whispered to me.
"Don't move, I'll get him for your dear," mom said.
She got up and I rolled off Alison. I looked down and I saw her sphincter stretched wide -- about two and a half inches of gaping hole. Dad was lining up in my place. I was surprised to feel a bit confused about my dad taking over my place with Alison. I knew I shouldn't feel any sense of ownership of Alison. She was a free spirit, and she had asked me if I minded if she tried to take dad's monstrous ten and a half inches.
Mom was working on dad's cock to get him to full erection. It looked huge and I hoped it wouldn't hurt Alison.
"Are you sure about this?" I whispered to her.
I could hear Charles clicking his camera away as dad's cock approached Alison's gaping asshole.
"I am, if it's OK with you," she whispered back, looking dreamingly into my eyes.
"I have to know if I can take a cock as big as that if I am to be a serious contender at the Olympics. Stay close to me Jim, hold me please."
I saw that for the first time Alison was anxious about taking such a huge cock into her ass. I held her hand and caressed her face. I kissed her lips and looked deep into her blue eyes.
"I know you can do it Alison, you are incredible and I'm so proud of you. But you tell me if it's too much. Don't be hurt for some silly Sex Olympics."
Alison nodded and squeezed my hand as dad's cock touched the entrance to her asshole. She kept looking deep into my eyes as dad pressed his huge cock head into her sphincter. I knew she was still loose after my assfuck, but this was without doubt the biggest challenge she'd had in her anal adventures.
Alison squeezed her eyes shut and stopped breathing as dad's giant cock slowly entered her ass. Her hand squeezed mine hard. I took a quick look and saw five inches of dad's cock had entered her asshole. Mum's hand was still around the base of his cock directing him straight into her. Charles came around with his camera to capture the expression on his daughter's face as this monster cock slowly and steadily advanced into her ass.
Alison was breathing hard, her cheeks puffing in and out as she strained to take dad's ten and a half inch cock into her ass. She opened her eyes and looked straight into mine.
"How far is he in?" she puffed.
I looked down and could see dad still had three inches to go. I was surprised she was having trouble taking him in this far as she had already taken in my nine incher without too many problems. After all, Alison is very experienced at anal sex and she loves it.
"What's the problem Alison?" I asked gently.
"He's wide too, not just long. It's the girth. He's really stretching me. I've never had it this big in my ass."
"Do you want to stop?"
"No way, don't you dare get him to stop. I want it all the way in. It feels good, and I know I can take it. It just takes a bit more time."
I looked down again and saw dad had proceeded one more inch into the depths of her ass canal.
"Just two more inches to go," I told her.
Alison thrust upwards forcing dad deeper into her rectum.
"Is he in all the way yet?"
"No, one more inch to go."
"Come on! Force it in!" she shouted up at my father who had been trying to be as careful as he could be. He'd never got is dick all the way into a woman's ass before. It's always been just too big.
With a roar he threw all caution to the wind and slammed his cock hard into her ass, ramming the last inch into her anal passage. The head of his huge cock had to be way up behind her navel.
"AAAaaaaggghhh!" cried Alison in a cry of both pain and triumph. "Holy shit! It's so fucking big inside me," she cried.
I heard clapping and cheering behind me. I turned to see the twins and their mother and grandfather had broken off their games to see Alison finally take a massive ten and a half inches inside her ass. Alison's father was running around snapping photos to capture the moment of triumph. First he took pictures of dad's cock buried to the hilt inside his daughter' ass, then he quickly moved up to capture the rapturous expression on her face. Alison certainly looked as though she'd just completed a marathon. Her face was streaming with sweat, her blonde hair dripping wet.
She puffed her cheeks as she drew deep breaths, bracing herself for what was still to come.
"Go. Go. Now! Pound it into me," she cried aloud, urging dad to drive into her.
He did just that, pulling out almost all the way, her anal ring clinging to his massive cock as he withdrew. Then he reversed, driving the ten and a half inches back into her anal passage, her anal ring inverting and clinging to the cock as it rammed back inside her.
"Harder, come on, really ram it in. I can take it!" she yelled.
Her hand was clutching mine, squeezing it so hard she was crushing my knuckles. I had to admire Alison. She was in real pain, but she was determined to go on right to the end, to have dad's massive cock empty into her stretched anal passage.
Dad increased the speed of driving in and out of her. He rammed her right to the hilt before pulling out and driving his cock in again.
"She's loosening up! I can feel her ass opening up to take it easily," he gasped as Charles worked his camera from all angles.
"That's my girl," Charles chuckled proudly as he leaned in to get a close up of the ass juice leaking from his daughter's wide open sphincter. "Gold medal winner all the way."
Dad's cock rammed in and out so rapidly it was almost a blur. Then with a sudden roar he slammed it into her as far as he could, and his enormous load hosed deep into her bowels. Alison was groaning and gasping for breath, and then she started crying. I was worried. Was she OK? I held her close and stroked her forehead. I kissed her on the lips.
"Are you alright Alison?" I asked softly.
"Yes, yes. That was just so incredible. I swear I could feel his cum pouring into me."
Dad slowly pulled out of her, his massive clock deflating as he withdrew. Charles got in for a close up as dad's cock left Alison's ass hole. He uttered a cry of joy when he saw she was gaping almost three inches wide.
"My God Ali, I've never seen you gape this wide. It has to be a record," he said as his camera clicked away.
Alison smiled at me and pulled me to her, giving me a deep kiss, her tongue exploring my mouth as she came down from her high.
"Thank you Jim, thanks for letting that happen. You are an amazing guy."
"No Alison, it's you who's amazing. I don't know how you did it, but that was a tremendous achievement. No one else could take so much cock up their ass. I'm so proud of you."
"Oh Jim, hold me close. I just want to be with you. It's great to know I've got your sperm and your dad's sperm mixing in my ass. I've had both my brothers' cum in there mixing with my dad, now I've got you too."
I didn't quite know how to take that comment. But Alison was a decidedly anal girl and as mum said, if I want to be with her I have to accept her kinks and fixations.
We lay there cuddling and coming down from the high for some time. After a while I heard sounds coming from the other side of the room and rolled over to see Laura Maddison accommodating her twin sons, her husband and her father in a mini-gang bang. She was lying naked on her back on a mattress mum had laid down on the floor. Her legs were spread wide as only an athlete or ballerina could achieve. Mark was fucking her hard, slamming into her as his hands gripped her thighs. Laura's left hand was wrapped around Andy's cock while her right was jerking her father. Charles was snapping photos as usual, but his raging erection indicated he was going to join in real soon.
With a huge lunge and a loud cry Mark rammed into his mother's cunt as far as he could and exploded. Again and again he rammed into her as his sperm erupted into her.
Mark pulled out and Andy took his place. I wonder if Mark always went first with his mother in the Maddison family fucks, or did they take turns. They seemed to share just about everything. Andy was ramming into his mother hard and fast. Laura was really into it, her eyes glued on her son as he fucked her, her mouth wide open as she breathed heavily. Like the good athlete she was, she was pacing herself, as though it was an endurance event. Charles had handed the camera to Mark and he got over Laura's face and lowered his cock into her open mouth. Her lips closed around the cock head, but Charles kept on going. I never tired of seeing Laura commit deep throat, and I was always amazed at how she could swallow a dick to the base without any sign of hesitation. Charles was right into her throat now as Andy continued to slam into her. This was raw hard fucking. Nothing gentle about it. Laura obviously loved it, raising her hips to meet her 19 year old son's slamming thrusts. I could hear the squish of her cunt juices and the sperm left by Mark. Suddenly Andy roared and came into her. They weren't spraying her face or breasts with their sperm this time -- they all wanted to explode as deep in her as they could.
"Isn't she magnificent," Alison whispered in my ear as we both watched her mother take on the males in her family.
'She sure is," I replied.
"Are you ready to go again? You should take her too. She'd love that."
"You think so?"
"Oh, I know so. She's been talking about fucking you for the first time. Why not wait until the family fun comes to an end? They like to do it together. Must be a Maddison male thing."
Charles moved around to take his son's place and there was a loud squish as his cock drove into Laura's vagina that was already overflowing with two teenage boys' copious cum.
"AAaaaggh! I love you so much Laura," Charles cried as he buried his cock into the hot pussy of his wife.
"We all love you Laura," said her father Stephen, his cock still gripped by his daughter. "You are an incredible woman and a magnificent mother."
"Thanks dad," Laura said, panting as she kept up with the rhythm of her husband's fucking. Stephen leaned down and kissed Laura firmly on the mouth, his tongue probing her before he leaned back and replaced his tongue with his cock, sliding it into her mouth and all the way down into her throat in one steady movement.
Charles was watching Laura's throat action closely as he continued to ram into her cunt. It spurred him on and he increased the tempo until he too came with a roar and poured his sperm into her. When Stephen saw his son-in-law had finished, he withdrew his cock from his daughter's throat and moved around to fuck her.
Stephen might be an old bugger, but he could still ram away like his grandsons. He really pounded into his daughter. Her cunt was making sloshing sounds as Stephen's cock drove in and out of her. Finally he too roared and poured his sperm into his daughter's magnificent body. He fell away exhausted. Laura lay covered in sweat, her chest rising and falling as she tried to get her breath back.
She looked over and looked right at me and smiled. She curled her finger to me beckoning me over. I got up and walked the two metres to reach her. Laura's legs were spread wide in front of me, her totally smooth cunt dripping cum, running down in rivulets to her asshole.
My cock rose rapidly at the sight. Laura reached her arms up for me and I knelt in between her spread legs. The twins were urging me on, but I wasn't listening to them. My total attention was on this incredible beautiful woman on her back in front of me. Her sweat covered breasts were rising and falling as she breathed, her flat stomach slowly undulating as her muscles continued in the rhythm of fucking all the men in her family.
"Come inside Jim, I want you inside me," she said huskily as her hands reached down and caressed my cock, pulling me to a hard erection. She guided me gently into her soaked hot tunnel. The head went in easily. My God it was hot in there. I felt so much slippery liquid, a mix of sperm and her own cunt juices. I advanced slowly into her. Her hands now rested on my arms, her legs spread as wide as possible and she thrust up her hips, drawing me into her even further. The muscles inside her cunt seemed to be massaging my cock, rippling up and down. The surprise must have registered on my face as the Maddison men all laughed.
"More amazing than you thought, eh Jim?" said Mark. "That's her pussy cock massage."
"Her mother taught her that technique, bless her soul," said Stephen. "She's passed on, but I feel she is still with us in what she taught us about love making."
Laura looked deep into my eyes. She smiled and pulled me in closer with her arms.
"Come on Jim, I want you to cum inside me," Laura said softly. "I want your sperm mixing with my family. It's as close as we can ever get. I think you're part of our family now. I know how you and Alison feel about each other. You can have her and me anytime you like. It's all part of the loving deal in the Maddison family."
Her words spurred me on and I drove deep into her, getting as deep as I could. Her pussy muscles squeezed my cock tight, and it felt fantastic as I fucked her as hard as I could, slamming into her. Her pussy made loud squishy noises and juices spurt out as I went in and out of her totally bald cunt. I felt the sperm rising from my balls and then wham, I was hosing my cum deep inside her vaginal walls, her muscles continuing massaging my cock to draw out every drop.
I collapsed on top of Laura, and she ran her fingers gently through my hair as I came down from the explosion.
'Welcome to the Maddisons my dear," Laura whispered in my ear as I struggled to get back my breath from my incredibly deep orgasm, my cock slowly shrinking inside her.
There was applause all around as the Maddisons came up to us, including Alison who was up again after her intense anal session.
"People, we are ready for the Sex Olympics," cried Charles.