"I have come, my pretty, and I bring you—GWENDOLYN!"
Cordelia, feared sorceress, scourge of Nilfton, Bringer of Fire, and proud member of the International Union for Wicked Witches, Evil Uncles, Treacherous Viziers and Butlers Who Did It, stared transfixed at the sight before her: her captive, the lovely Princess Gwendolyn Mere lounging around in her ivory tower, with a book in her hands, and not a stitch on her body.
"PUT YOUR CLOTHES ON THIS INSTANT!" she roared.
"Why?" said the princess with an annoyed huff, bafflingly unconcerned by her nudity.
"Because, because...because cavorting around naked like that is not proper behavior for a princess! You should know that, young lady!"
"Don't talk to me about proper behavior. You're not my mother, you're my kidnapper," Gwendolyn snorted. "Besides, why do you care so much?"
"I can't have my princess showing her lady bits to every prince, knight, or dashing rogue who comes waltzing in here waving a sword around. What kind of respectable witch would I be if my princess wasn't the perfect picture of virginal innocence? I'd be ruined!"
"I thought the idea was to keep the princes, knights, and dashing rogues from getting in here in the first place," said the naked girl. "If they come and rescue me, you lose your princess no matter how much, or how little, she's wearing."
"It's the principle of the thing!" said Cordelia. "Now you start getting dressed right now or else!"
"Or else what?" said Gwendolyn as she stood up and slapped her hands on her bare waist in an authoritative stance. "What are you going to do to me? Send to me my room? You've only been keeping me there for...five years now?"
"Don't get smart with me, young lady," said the witch. "Just for this cheek, you won't be getting this fine wine I was going to leave for you." She shook the bottle she was holding in her hand to emphasize that point. "And I'll be confiscating your library of storybooks for a week!"
"You wouldn't."
"I can...and I have!" With a snap of her finger, nearly every book that lined the shelves in Gwendolyn's chamber vanished, as did the one she had just been reading.
"You FIEND!" screamed Gwendolyn with a stamp of her bare foot on the floor, which sounded a bit more like a wet slap. "What am I supposed to do now?"
"You should have thought about that before you got naked and smart with me, young lady," said Cordelia. "You still have your dresses, your shoes, your cosmetics, and all the documents on how to apply them. I would suggest you find more creative ways to make yourself pretty."
Satisfied that their conversation was over and that her message was received, the witch hopped out the window and flew off on her staff for...wherever it was that she went when she wasn't tending to Gwendolyn. The princess could only scowl bitterly after her. She hated her. She hated this tower she was locked up in. She hated just sitting in here all the time waiting for some wannabe hero to come to her rescue. And most of all, she hated all these damn clothes!
Cordelia had given Gwendolyn all the garments to please a hundred princesses over. There were spectacular gowns in shades of white, red, blue, pink, and purple, with more ruffles in their fabric than waves in the ocean. Some were long enough to just barely display her feet, others would completely hide them, and even more would pool around her on the floor. Some were meant to flow freely from her waist, while others would require the use of the wooden crinoline to look wider and poofier than they really were. And that was just what she wore over her legs. There were still stockings and shoes and slippers and blouses and petticoats and gloves and ruffs and bodices and corsets and chokers and necklaces and bracelets and rings and, and...
...And they were all a royal pain in her royal posterior! Day after day, year after year, Gwendolyn had been dressing herself in these fanciful garbs like the good princess she was and had been before she had been so indignantly kidnapped. Spending hours upon hours tying this end to that end, wrapping this cloth around that appendage, and standing, sitting, and laying in the proper way that each outfit would permit, all to look ready for when her Prince Charming would come bursting through the tower, with sword in hand and fire in his eyes, ready to make off with his bride.
It was all...so...absolutely...TIRING! Putting those outfits on in the morning, layer after layer after layer, and taking them off at night, layer after layer after layer. That was all Gwendolyn had to dress herself with. The witch couldn't be bothered to give her something simple, oh, no, it had to be all fancy dresses all the time! What the princess wouldn't give just to put on a flaxen tunic and a pair of boyish trousers.
Well, Cordelia couldn't give her something simple but functional to put on, but she couldn't take her body! Going naked had been the best decision Gwendolyn had ever made, and it astounded her just what a welcome change of pace it was. She could sit and lay down in whatever position she liked; there was no restriction in her movement. She didn't need to worry about how she ate her food or drank her wine either; skin was much easier to clean than cotton, silk, satin, and even linen after all. And it just felt sogoodto feel the warmth of the sun or the flutter of a breeze on her skin. She spent all of last week just lounging around in the buff, and it was honestly the best week she could ever remember living through. Without having to spend so much time dressing and prettying herself up for the day, Gwendolyn got to do a lot more reading, expanding her knowledge on great historical events and revisiting some old fairy tales as well.
Looking at her bookshelves, most of which were now just as naked as she was, Gwendolyn sighed. All good things had to come to an end. Stupid witch had to take away all the good reading material and leave her with only more worthless trash about dressing herself up nicely. "I suppose I have no choice," she grumbled, pulling a random beautifying book off the shelf. It's not like she had anything else to do now.
"'Magically Transform Your Looks,'" she said, reading the title disinterestedly. "Yes, as if catching up on the latest fashion trends or putting on makeup is all that magical or transformative."
Lying down on the bed, if only to appreciate the feeling of the soft mattress on her naked skin one last time, Gwendolyn opened the book and started reading.
Beautifying Thy Lips in Any Colour.The lips are an integral part to personal beauty, but finding the correct level of fullness and a colour that is right for thy face is an often trying, if not payneful, experience when using more konventional methods. This invokation will allow thee to shift the shape of thy lips with but a gesture of thy hand. To enakt this ritual, gather forth the following reagents:
















That last bit made Gwendolyn raise an eyebrow. "Eye of newt? What kind of cosmetic ingredient is that? And do I even have that in here?"
Deciding to skip past the list of reagents, she went straight for the step-by-step instructions.
Bring the honey to a boil in the cauldron. As it begins to bubble, sprinkle the bone powder slowly in a circle, and stir thoroughly. Wait for white smoke to form, and add the mulberries, one at a time. Chant the second verse to "O! Scarlet, Scarlet" (refer to payge 493 for the list of inkantations), and deeply inhale the red mist that appears in the cloud before thine eyes.
"This isn't sounding like any makeup guide I have ever read," said the princess. "If I didn't know any better, I would say this reads more like a spell book."
Once more, she decided to skim ahead.
Stand before a mirror, and thou shalt witness thy lips glowing with unearthly light. If thy wish is to enflame thy lips, spread thy hands wide. But if thy wish is to shrink them, then hold thy fists to thy heart. Behold! Thy lips shall miraculously change in size and shaype before thine eyes! To change their color, snap thy fingers on thy left hand and—
"Thisisa book of spells!" cried Gwendolyn excitedly. What fortune! It seems Cordelia left a magical grimoire in here without realizing it. Well, maybe it was just a glorified makeup instruction manual, but still, the fact that it was all magical was really exciting. And reading over the ingredients again, the princess couldn't help but feel delight at how most of them happened to consist of the same things the witch left for her to use as makeup. Well, there were some things she was certain she didn't have, like that eye of newt, but surely there were some spells in this tome she could cast.
A couple of page flips later confirmed that there was. It came in the form of a spell that would conjure up an invisible source of light that would ensure the invoker would always be illuminated in a way that best accentuated her appearance. It wasn't very exciting, but it was very simple, and Gwendolyn knew her tower was littered with all the ingredients needed to make it happen: a few mulberries, some powdered lead, a little rapeseed oil, and a few drops of her blood. With a little digging around her shelves, and a small prick on her finger with a sewing need, Gwendolyn obtained everything she'd need to cast her first spell in no time.
"I wonder if I can really do it though?" she said, sitting down on the floor with all the requisite reagents laid out before her. "If I could...then who knows what other spells I could cast? I could perhaps even become a witch myself!" The princess couldn't help but giggle at that.
"And I think I'd make a far more proper witch than that Cordelia. She insists on wearing those tacky robes and pointy hats, when we all know witches are supposed to be skyclad...like me, ho-ho-ho!" To emphasize this, she ran a hand down from her shoulder and along her breast, taking care to give the little pink nipple a playful flick.
"Well, then, let us begin!"
***
Gwendolyn was delighted to confirm that she could in fact use magic. With the aid of the concoction she mixed together, the princess was able to summon a ball of light that glimmered over her form in an especially enticing way, and she was indeed able to manipulate it with a few simple gestures and waves of her hand. She could adjust how brightly it lit her up, or how long the shadows spread over her form. It could illuminate her from below, or shine on from above.
It may have been magic, but the princess couldn't help but think of it as something of a toy. It was certainly fun to mess with. One moment, she had brightened it up so much that it made her skin glow white and caused her blond hair to erupt in a fiery burst of yellow. The effect made her look quite like an angel. A gorgeous naked angel who had no need for the fluffy white robes they were frequently depicted as wearing.
The next moment, the princess would dim it down in a way to allow the shadows to crawl over and emphasize the contours of her nude body. Like the indent on her back, the bones in her collar, the navel on her stomach, and the cleft in her buttocks. Looking at herself in the full-length mirror, Gwendolyn couldn't help but shiver at the sight, and maybe feel a little tingly in the area between her legs. She looked very...sensual standing naked in this waning light. Gorgeous in a way that no dress could possibly imitate. What kind of hero wouldn't want to rescue a princess that looked like her?
"If I was a hero, I'd want to rescue me," she playfully said to no one in particular.
One thing was for sure to Gwendolyn: magic was awesome, and it was easy!
"I wonder what other spells there are in here?" she said, running excitedly to her bed where her new favorite book awaited. "I wonder if there's something I could use that would make dressing up a snap, like some illusionary clothes or something...huh?"
No sooner had she finished voicing her thought when the book suddenly leaped from her hands and hovered in the air. Opening up on its own accord, it flipped through the pages, and took a pause somewhere in the middle before it floated gently back to the nude princess' stunned hands.
"Huh, that was strange. Wonder what that was about?" Glancing at the tome, she got her answer. "Vestments of Light: Conjuring Illusory Garments." Her smile could not have been wider. It seemed this tome had some kind of magical ability to automatically locate the kind of spell the caster needed on command. How very convenient. Gwendolyn started reading. If this spell did what she hoped it would, then maybe her days putting on clothes for Cordelia's benefit were finally at an end.
Gather the following reagents:




Gwendolyn's heart dropped. Eyes of newtagain?! What on God's green earth was so mystical about the ocular organs of those slimy little water lizards? And why did witches insist on putting them into just about everything they brewed? Well, the light spell didn't need them, and Cordelia didn't brew anything with newt eyes as far Gwendolyn could tell, but STILL! What was so great about them?!
Well, it didn't matter. Even if she knew what eyes of newt did, it still wouldn't get her any illusory garbs to put on in lieu of real ones.
"It is not like it would matter if I could cast it, though," she mumbled. "Even if I could conjure a fake gown, I'd still be locked up in here. I wish I could just fly out of here and never look back."
Once more, the book flew into the air, and with a flutter of its pages, turned to a new passage. Gwendolyn blinked in surprise. Was there actually something in there that would do that? She read the text. There was! It was a ritual that would allow the invoker to sprout wings from her back and fly wherever she wished.
"What a wondrous spell! Will I be able to cast it? 'Eight pinches of barley powder,' I have that. 'Two drops of honey,' it's right there with my makeup and foodstuffs. 'Two spools of silk,' I can get that from my dresses. '16 goose feathers,' do I actually have those?"
She checked her extensive wardrobe. Some of her clothes bore feathers, but she was only able to identify those of pheasants and peacocks. Nothing that so much as resembled that of a goose.
"My pillows...are they downed with goose feathers?"
She tore them up. Cordelia would have her head if she found out her captive princess was vandalizing her very expensive furnishings, but Gwendolyn didn't care. She couldn't be punished if she wasn't around to be punished! Unfortunately, her pillows weren't downed with goose feathers, or any feathers at all for that matter. They were filled with...
"Sheep wool? Why does she fill my pillows withsheep wool?!! AAAGGGHHHHHH!" Gwendolyn tore into the hateful cushions with all her might, scattering rags and wool to every corner. "STUPID WITCH AND HER STUPID PILLOWS FILLED WITH STUPID SHEEP'S STUPID WOOL! AAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHH!"
Furiously hurling the remains of the pillows away from her, Gwendolyn let her naked body collapse in a miffed sulk. It wasn't fair. The means to escape her prison wasright therein that grimoire...but she didn't have the tools she needed to use them!
"No, there must be another way," she said, sitting back up. "Surely, there are alternative methods to fly in here, yes?"
The book shifted, almost in a way that seemed hesitant. After a few seconds of silence, it took to the air again, much more slowly than it had in the past, and flipped its pages until it landed somewhere near its very end, where the pages were colored a foreboding black. Gwendolyn couldn't help but wonder what that was all about, but she supposed she would get her answer soon enough.
The tome fluttered back to her with what could only be described as a nervous twitch to its movements, but the nude princess paid it no mind. It had another flight spell. And if there was a chance she could get out of this tower once and for all...
She stopped dead in her tracks as she read the title of the ritual. That...was not what she expected. That was...that was something truly frightening to behold. Gwendolyn thought this was just a book about enhancing one's image with magic. But that...that went beyond mere image.
Well, so do wings, too I guess. And the bookiscalled 'Magically Transform Your Looks.' I suppose it's only natural it would have spells aboutactualtransformation. But would I...actually be willing to go that far to get away from here?
She thought long, and she thought hard. She wondered if there were any alternatives she could take, but it didn't seem like the book had anything else. If she wanted to fly out of here, it was either grow a pair of wings, which she couldn't do...orthat.
"I...guess it wouldn't hurt just to look over the reagents in any case."
A moment of reading later, Gwendolyn realized her decision had not gotten any easier.
***
A day and a half went by. Gwendolyn still hadn't decided if she was willing to go through with the spell. But she still gathered all the necessary reagents, and she still followed the instructions to make it...a possibility. And she did it for no other reason than because it was the most interesting thing to occupy her time with. Working with such a powerful spell was infinitely more fascinating than dressing in those horridclothes! The princess shuddered at the thought of them. If she had to go naked the rest of her life, she would do so gladly just so that she wouldn't have to tie another bodice ever again!
But now Gwendolyn's work was done. The pounding, the mixing, the brewing, the chanting, all of those had been completed to the letter, and the results of her labor were sitting neatly and tidily on her desk. She still couldn't believe it was possible. The spell was powerful, likely the most powerful one in that grimoire. It was likely forbidden too, if the black pages the text was scrawled on were anything to go by. And yet every component needed to make it a reality happened to be right here in this tower! Gwendolyn couldn't give herself angelic wings, illusory garments, or even full lips, but she could dothat! If only Cordelia had known just what kind of mischief her captive could pull, or what kind of destruction she could cause. And all Gwendolyn needed to do now was lift the black potion she had created to her lips and drink it.
But then, there will be no going back. I'll be free of this tower, but I doubt there will be any way I can go back home to where I can lead a proper princess life, where I can...
Learn how to giggle cutely whenever a handsome man flattered her?
Wave her arms out just right whenever she was captured to inform everyone present she was currently in a state of distress?
Know which fork to use to eat mutton, which fork to use to eat pie, which fork to use to eat greens, and remember what the other 9 forks were for?
Dance at the ball and remember how to properly bite her lip when the clumsy oaf she was stuck with stepped on her feet?
Put on more...colorful...fancy...dresses?
"Bottom's up!" she announced, and downed the entire potion in a single gulp.
***
Along the road, three great men strode together. Three men who had been living on the road for quite some time, long enough that it could be considered their home away from home. But they were not just any men. They were a special breed of man. Men who were not content to merely stand aside and let the world turn. No, they were the kinds of men whomadethe world turn. They were the men who shaped the landscape. They were the men who set the course for history. They were the men whose names the bards would sing about for centuries to come. They...wereheroes!
First among them was the valiant Prince Guillaume of Galcondra. Fair in hair and fair in heart, he was born to lead. Even when his family was ousted from power by a wicked usurper, he would not be robbed of his destiny. Charismatic, clever, and with a wit as sharp as the steel by his side, he was able to rally his people, storm the palace, strike down the tyrant, and take back what was rightfully his! His kingship was close, so close her could nearly feel the hefty weight of the crown on his head and the comfy goose-down plush of his throne on his handsome posterior. But he was missing one thing. One very vital thing that every man must have by his side before he can become king.
Watching his back was the brave Sir Merek the Brave. Clad in shining steel armor that he kept polished to a mirror sheen without a squire (somehow), he was a warrior of great renown. Many terrifying foes had fallen by his blade; hundreds of bloodthirsty bandits, dozens of fearsome monsters, seven wicked demons, and one very mean-looking windmill. Selfless, strong, and ruggedly handsome, there was nary a man, woman, or child who hadn't heard tales of his many victorious deeds. But still, Sir Merek couldn't help but think there was something missing in his life. Something that would bring him more victory than a thousand won battles.
Last and most certainly least was the cunning rogue, Daniel the Deathly, and never was a man more cutthroat and devious than he! He stole from the rich, gave a smidgeon to the poor just to keep them quiet, and kept the rest for himself, and no prize was too rich for his tastes. He pilfered gold coins, precious gemstones, ruby-encrusted brooches, and delicious sweet rolls with frightening regularity. But the things that Daniel loved to steal more than anything else werehearts. With a flourish and a sexy wink, maidens fair would swoon into his arms left and right, completely enraptured by his handsome devilry. But no matter how many hearts he took, Daniel could never be satisfied. For he knew there was always a greater prize just over the horizon. And he would not settle for anything less than the valuable prize imaginable.
How they met is a long tale fraught with peril, hardship, and a few stubbed toes. But the important thing was that they were all drawn together to fulfill a common goal: to find a rescue the fairest princess in all the land! Or at least the best one they could find. And as they marched along the road, as they had been doing for many weeks now, they saw it: a great ivory tower rising up in the distance. Their journey...was finally nearing its end!
"Finally, we have done it! Finally, the princess we have been seeking is finally in sight! Our journey...is finally nearing its end!" Guillaume cheered with absolute finality and redundant aplomb.
"Do not be so sure, your Excellency," said Merek, who was swift to draw his sword. "They say a witch dwells in these parts. If she is around, and she finds us, we will have a fierce battle on our hands."
"Witches aside," said Daniel, who was idly balancing a dagger on his fingertip, "there's still ONE niggling, insignificant little detail we haven't yet considered: who's actually gonna' get the little lady? There's only one princess in that there tower, and I don't think she's going to want to split her time up between us three. Gods know I'm in no mood to either."
"The answer is simply quite simple, Daniel," said Guillaume. "If the princess is indeed a princess, then 'tis only proper she accept the gracious hand of a prince. The prince being I, of course, the valiant and heroic Prince Guillaume IV, Fourth in His Name, and Hero of Galcondra!"
"You may be the Hero and Crown Prince of Galcondra for casting down the Usurper Baron Varon von Valdour," said the knight, "but how well known are you in the duchy of Melgin? Or the Enrian Republics? Or Wine Valley? Any man can kill a king or a usurper, but how many can bring down a Cyclops, a Griffin, or a Knight of Hel? The lovely Princess Gwendolyn deserves a strong and humble champion, and there is no champion stronger and more humble than I!"
"Bah!" scoffed the unimpressed Daniel as he sheathed his blade. "The only thing you both prove is that you're damn good at killing things. But how is that going to translate into making the lady happy in the home? Or in the bed? After being cooped up in that tower, let me tell you what she seeks more than anything else: freedom and adventure! And that's what she'll get when she falls for me!"
"You may be a talented sneak-thief, but you are no less of a dishonorable knave," said Merek. "What you call adventure, society calls petty crime. And we all know a lady as fair as Princess Gwendolyn deserves better than to sleep in the gutter wondering when she'll get her next meal because she can't afford a crust of bread."
"Now, now, my friends and Daniel! There is no need to argue just yet. Behold, we are but minutes away from our destination...!"
The heroes' argument was cut short when the tower suddenly exploded.
***
Oooh, Gwendolyn really wished she hadn't done that. The concoction was so bitter on her tongue, ithurt, and it didn't taste any better going down her throat. It was all the naked princess could do to keep herself from gagging as the congealed mass slithered its way down her esophagus. Things didn't get better when it hit her stomach like a punch to the gut, which was enough to send her toppling to the floor. This time, she couldn't suppress her gagging, but she made absolutely sure not a drop of liquid squeezed its way back up to her mouth and out her lips.
Keep it down...must keep it down...must keep it down!
"UURRRGGGHHH!"
She punched the floor. Once. Twice. Three times! Gods, her stomach burned; it felt like someone struck a flint in it and set it ablaze. But she had to endure. It was a natural part of the process. It would be painful, initially. Spells as powerful as this always were. Especially when they caused as great a change to the body as this one promised. But it would all be worth it. It had to be. She had a lot riding on this!
And like a hammer...the discomfort stopped. The burning sensation ceased, and for a few seconds, Gwendolyn felt normal. As if she hadn't drank anything at all.
It would be the last time she ever felt such a sensation.
Small pinpricking feelings began to flare up here and there on the princess' body. On her left shoulder blade, her stomach, the small of her back, her medium-sized breasts, her thighs, her right forearm. It took only a cursory glance to reveal why: her creamy white skin was disappearing inch by inch as more and more stormy blue scales sprouted over it like blooming flowers. They were by no means painful, just peculiar, like being tickled with an iron nail.
Gwendolyn took a deep breath. It was beginning.
The scales spread. Both ways down her arm, in circles around her nipples, spreading across her thighs and working their way around her buttocks. But that wasn't the only change Gwendolyn was experiencing. From the inside, she could feel herself...stretching almost. Like her bones were growing thicker and longer within her flesh...she gasped! That wasexactlywhat was happening, at least in her feet. Everything about them was lengthening, looking sharper and more spindly. Her toes in particular expanded at a rapid pace, elongating along the flood at sinister angles as her toenails grew longer, curvier, and blacker. Had the princess been wearing shoes, they most certainly would have burst into a thousand pieces, unable to hold the great bird-like talons her feet were becoming.
But it was no mere bird that she was becoming.
Gwendolyn's focus on her feet shattered as a pleasurable shudder wracked over her form. Scales were beginning to slither down the delicate flesh in her heart-shaped derriere, which had always been smooth and sensitive from a lifetime of being around soft plush cushions. It wouldn't be so smooth anymore as scales formed on both of the princess' round cheeks. She couldn't help but giggle at the sensation, which was very ticklish, especially as the scales began to work their way down the cleft between her buttocks. Nothing had ever touched her down there like that before. And most likely, nothing else ever would.
That wasn't the only erogenous zone being affected. Scales were spiraling in tighter circles on her breasts, where the skin was getting increasingly more sensitive. Her rosy pink nipples stood erect and in stark contrast to the growing field of azure surrounding them. They too turned a dark shade of cobalt as the scales encircled the areolas, and as they did so, small pinpricks of electricity seemed to dance off the hardened nubs. It was enough to make the princess shudder again and give them a nice, healthy pinch with her fingers.
"Mmmmm, that feels so nice."
At last, scales began to work their way down to her mound, forming small triangular shapes that almost seemed to point towards her womanly slit as the blond hair above it began to flake off, leaving it bare and beholden. The little flash of pink peering from within too turned an especially dark shade of blue as more changes overcame Gwendolyn down there. As did more tingles.
"Ahhh, that's so nice. But I wonder...how...do I look?"
Pushing herself up to a standing position, Gwendolyn couldn't help but waver a little as she stood to her full height. It wasn't an unfamiliar stance; as a princess, high heels were the only kinds of things she could put on her dainty little feet, meaning she spent a lot of her time effectively walking around on her toes. No heels were required here though; her feet had taken on a digitigrade structure that forced her to stand on her tiptoes. But it was different from the heels Gwendolyn had grown up wearing. Those were always tight and confining, bunching her toes up into a sharp little point at the end. These feet were far more free. Her elongated toes spread every which way, and the princess couldn't help but be amused at how much surface area of the floor she could feel with them while her soles and heels freely tasted the air. Even walking felt more natural, something that became apparent as she took her first step.
I could grow to rather enjoy this, she thought as she walked to her mirror, maintaining a very feminine swagger in her scaly hips even as her talons clicked on the floor.
She certainly rather enjoyed the sight that greeted her in the mirror. Even though her feet were notably more monstrous, Gwendolyn otherwise still had her graceful figure everywhere else. She still had her slender arms, she still had her trim stomach, she still had her wide hips that gave her body an ideal hourglass shape, and her breasts were as nice and bouncy as ever! She was just now nearly covered in shimmering scales, and had a lot more blue going on, particularly in her nipples and sex.
About the only part of Gwendolyn that wasn't covered in scales was her face, but even that wouldn't be the case for long. Waves of blue were steadily crawling up from her jawline and down from her scalp. The only part of her face that wouldn't be blue would be her eyes, which had shifted to a brilliant golden hue with long, slit-shaped pupils. They matched her hair very nicely, which was largely unchanged as it hung halfway down her naked back.
Gwendolyn licked her lips hungrily at the sight, quite enjoying the sight of her body transforming before her. Something about it made her feel hot, hotter than she ever felt reading some of the steamier romance stories in this tower. It was enough to make her loins tingle. Idly, the princess groped a scaly breast in one hand, and ran the other one down the groove of her sex. Her nipple was suitably hard, and there was a hint of dampness in her slit. Gwendolyn grinned. It was nice that even as she took on a more beastly form, some parts of her were still working as normal.
"It feels divine," she whispered as the last bits of fair skin vanished from her face. It was over; Gwendolyn's humanity was gone, buried under an expanse of hardened blue scales. No one would ever consider her a princess if they saw her, and no one would dare expect her to act like one. But the former princess knew her change was far from complete, partially because the book said there would be more physical changes, and partially because she could feel them coming!
Like how her teeth were sharpening in her mouth, and how her canines were growing longer into fangs. Or how little horn-like protrusions were beginning to sprout just above her eyes to signify her new eyebrows. Or how she was tingling more intensely in her sensitive spots. Or was that because she was squeezing her breast more firmly? Flicking her azure nipple more frequently? Running her finger deeper into her slit, stroking her swollen clit with circular motions, harder, faster, with increasingly wetter sounds—
"Ahhhhhhhhh...ahhhh...AHHHH!"
Her orgasm came out in several bursts, and each one was enough to make her whole body jolt where it stood. Her talons dug notches into the floor, her breasts bounced, and things...movedin and on her head and lower back. Gwendolyn dared to open her eyes to see what was happening, and was delighted to see she sprouted a few new things while she wasn't looking. On either side of her head, two ram-like horns spiraled out from her golden mane, and from her forehead, a single larger horn extended skyward, curving only a little at the end. And on her lower back, just above her behind, a long slender tail whipped back and forth as if it had a mind of its own! Like the rest of her body, it too was covered in blue scales, and it was crowned with a spade-like tip at the end.
The spell had worked! It had transformed Gwendolyn, changing her from an ordinary helpless princess into a mighty dragon-girl! And it was awe—
"Wait," she said as she started to realize something wasn't quite right about her new form. Something was off. "Where are the wings?"
The wings! They were the whole reason she even underwent this transformation in the first place. Where were they? Gwendolyn turned around to look at her back through the mirror, see if there was something,anything, growing back there. She saw an expanse of blue scales, a more defined tone in her muscles, her pretty tail waggling back and forth in agitation, her tightly clenched buttocks, a hint of some moisture dripping down her legs...and nothing else. Not so much as a tiny little bump on either of her shoulder blades.
Gwendolyn wanted to cry. She was close. She had beensoclose! She destroyed her room gathering all the reagents for the transformation potion, went through the trouble of brewing it, choked it down, changed herself into a monster, likely for good...and she wasstilla prisoner in this tower! This was, this was...this wasbullshit, to use a crass commoner word.
"It's not fair!" she wailed, throwing herself onto the bed. "It's not fa-AAAHHH!"
BOOM!The bed almost immediately collapsed under her weight, its legs snapping off and flying into separate directions as the mattress crashed through frame, taking the dragon girl with it. Bewildered, Gwendolyn pushed herself to her clawed feet. What brought that on? Why did her bed suddenly break like that?
She only had a few seconds to ponder that conundrum before her head suddenly bumped into something very hard. "OW!" she cried, instinctively craning her neck and rubbing the throbbing skin up there? "What was that all a...bout..."
The dragon girl trailed off as another realization dawned on her. The floor was looking a lot more distant than she was used to seeing, and the ceiling was looking a lot closer. "Am I...growing?" A sudden upward jolt sent her poor head crashing into the ceiling again. "Ow!"
The scaly princess dropped to all fours, not wanting to suffer another concussion anytime soon, but she quickly realized that wasn't going to do her much good. She was still growing. Her talons scraped into the stone tiles of the floor as her legs grew longer, a startled whip of her tail sent one of her armoires crashing to the ground, and before she knew it, her head was zooming dangerously close to the wall. Thankfully, Gwendolyn was ready that time, and avoided hitting her head against it as she underwent another growth spurt, but it was a temporary reprieve. She was still growing, bigger and bigger, and this chamber was getting more and more cramped by the minute.
"How long...will this keep going?" she groaned pushing her head up and wincing at the sound her horn made as it scraped against the wall. This was...not what she thought would happen. The spell said nothing about growth. Not that she imagined that was outside the realm of possibility, considering how big dragons purportedly were, but this was not something she considered. Gwendolyn didn't want to be big, she wanted to fly! She wanted to spread her wings and leave this dreadful tower behind once and for all.
There was a sudden crack beneath her, and a groan all around that sounded much like the wailing cries of a beast of burden that was too weighed down to keep walking. That could mean only one thing, and that one thing caused two conflicting thoughts to circle through the dragon girl's head. One was that she was not looking forward to the pain she was about to endure.
And the other was a relieved sense that maybe she would be able to escape from the tower after all. Just not in the way she intended.
***
The three brave heroes bravely fell backwards as the tower before them exploded! Chunks of great stonework and enchanted masonry flew into every direction and rained upon the ground. How not a single pebble so much as hit the prince, the knight, and the questionably dashing rogue would be a riddle for the ages. But when they finally recovered from their surprise and braved a look up, Guillaume, Merek, and Daniel were struck dumb by the sight that greeted them.
A great creature was sprawled on the spot where the tower once stood. A creature covered head to toe in sapphire scales, with horns on its head, a great tail that stretched out over the horizon, and great bestial feet marked by claws that looked like they could cut through steel like butter. It was surely a monster to be feared. And yet, something about it was quite enchanting. Maybe it was the golden locks that spilled from its head, the oddly supple feminine figure it sported with its somewhat widened hips, the bubbly behind, and sizeable bosoms on its chest that stirred feelings of confusion in their loins, or the fact that its oddly human-looking face looked more startled and confused than genuinely monstrous.
"Ha-hok-kok-kok-kok!"
And she was coughing! Quietly of course, or at least as quietly as a giantesscouldcough, while she shook dust and debris from her form.
Guillaume was the first to speak. "Is that..."
"...A dragon?" said Merek, finishing his companion's thought.
"It can't be...it looks so humanly...human."
"And graceful."
"And gorgeous."
"And regal."
"I'd take her," said Daniel. The knight and prince shot him with a confused glance. "What? Don't act like neither of you would. Look at her! You said it yourself: she's gorgeous, and graceful, and regal, andcompletely naked!"
"I never said that!" protested the valiant prince.
"An-and I would do no such thing!" said the knight in as resolute a tone as he could muster. Sadly for him, everything about his face said otherwise. His cheeks had turned red as that last fact became abundantly clear to him, especially when he noticed the pair of very blue and very un-reptilian nipples capping both of the dragon girl's breasts. "I am a knight! It is my job to slay fearsome monsters, not lay them. Marry them! I meant marry them!"
"Yeah, just tell that to the Sirens we dealt with two weeks ago. You were totally going to 'propose' to that one with the red hair."
"I was magically enthralled by her voice! You know how sirens are!"
"You had a love letter in your hand that you were going to give her!"
"Knave, how dare you assume something so slanderous of a knight! You cannot even read!"
"Ohhhh, that hurt," the dragon girl moaned, rubbing her horned head with one hand, and her round posterior with the other. "My head hurts, and my feet hurt, and my tail hurts, and my behind hurts...why does growing have to be so painful?"
"Quiet, my friends and Daniel!" gasped Prince Guillaume. "She speaks!"
"Wish I could have just grown some wings instead," she continued. "That would have been so much more...con...ven...ient...AHHHH!"
The giant draconic woman gritted her teeth and clutched her sides, showing off her fangs and causing her great scaly breasts to jut out. The three heroes looked on in awe as she shook and trembled, her every muscle clenching and rippling with immense strain. Something was happening to her. Something big. But they couldn't be concerned about that, not when the largest pair of bosoms they ever saw were jiggling oh-so-tantalizingly in front of them! It was a sight none of them would ever forget.
"Uhhhhhh...ahhhhh...ohhhhhh" The sounds were almost as wondrous as well. Her moans were surprisingly sultry and erotic as they echoed across the valley. If they didn't know any better, they would have sworn she was in a state of great arousal. Actually, they did know better; her nipples were growing erect, sticking out of her breasts like two great spheres of azure!
"Ahhhh...ahhhhh...AHHHHHHHH!" and with one final shudder and cry of pleasure, the dragon girl screamed. From her back burst two great wings, each as long as a drawbridge, blue as a moonlit sky, and leathery as a brothel. The heroes nearly fell again at the sight.
For a moment, no one said anything. Not the valiant prince. Not the brave knight. And not the dashing rogue. They all stared transfixed at the great dragon who remained similarly silent.
Finally, after taking note of her wings, the giantess smiled widely and let out a great cheer. "I've got wings...I've got wings! Finally, I've got wings!" She stood up to her full height, stumbling slightly on one clawed foot, and showing her full figure off to the three heroes. "I can go anywhere, now. I can do anything. And no one can stop me!"
She flapped her wings. They blew a great gust of wind that was strong enough to send the three heroes sprawling for the umpteenth time. "No more waiting around for me. No more hoping for some brave hero to come to my rescue! From now on, Princess Gwendolyn is her own woman...her own dragon...her own dragon-woman! Whatever! Dragon Gwendolyn flies FREE NOW!" With a few more flaps of her wings, the draconic giantess, who apparently identified herself as Dragon Gwendolyn, took to the sky.
"What in the world?" exclaimed the valiant Prince Guillaume in a most decidedly not-so-valiant manner as he gazed at the great dragon woman as she flew in circles above them. "What is...who is...how is...what phenomenon were we just witness to?"
"If I was a betting man...and I am," said Daniel, "I would say that was our princess."
"That cannot be!" said the knight. "Princesses wear jewels and dresses! They don't prance around...naked!" Looking at the flying Gwendolyn overhead, he then added: "They also don't fly. Or have horns, tails, and scaly hides. And I seem to recall them being much smaller."
"Well, it didn't stop this one," said Daniel with a shrug.
"That is not important!" said Prince Guillaume. "The important thing is that the princess just seemingly turned into a monster, freed herself from her tower, and looks like she is about ready to fly off into the horizon any moment. What are we to do now?"
"Well, I would say this princess was a bust, unfortunately," said Daniel with a disappointed sigh. "A shame too, because I wouldn't have minded seeing how I'd fare with a dragon princess. I suppose we could try rescuing another one then. Like the one out east. What was her name...Princess Gwenevere or Genieve or something?"
"Princess Genevieve," Guillaume said with a wistful sigh. "Oh, how my heart longs for her! How I wish I could run my fingers through her black tresses!"
"I though she had red hair?" said Daniel.
"What does the color of her hair matter?" said Merek. "The important thing is that Princess Genevieve is clearly in danger. And as a noble knight, it is my sworn duty to rescue her!"
"Not before I charm the knickers off her!" said Daniel.
"You're both wrong!" said the valiant prince. "She is a princess, and as such, her hand is only worthy of a prince!"
And so the three mighty heroes set off. Princess Gwendolyn may have freed herself, but there were still plenty of princesses out there. One way or another, the heroes would accomplish their heroic duties, rescue a princess, and live happily ever after!
"Don't try pulling rank on us, prince! It didn't do you any good against the harpies!"
"Your words offend my honor! Need I challenge thee to a duel again?"
"You and what sword? The one that I'm holding right now?"
"THIEF!"
...Assuming they didn't kill each other fighting over her first.
***
Flying was amazing. It was like nothing Gwendolyn ever experienced before. She could roll in the sky, do flips in the air, fly in place, or simply just ride the winds. It was her first time to ever flap her wings, but it honestly felt like she had done it a thousand times.
She had done it! She had broken free from her prison. And she didn't need no stinking hero to save her. Oh, if only Cordelia could see this, could see the magnificent beast her captured princess had become. Gwendolyn was half-tempted to just wait around for the witch to return. Give the wretched woman a look at her magnificent new form before she crushed her into a fine red paste between her claws.
But Gwendolyn was through waiting. She just wanted to see the world for all its wonders, and now she could. She could go anywhere, do anything...
But where do I start?
Finally deciding to return to the earth, the dragon girl laid down on her back, wincing slightly as she accidentally sat on her tail, and started thinking. She was a dragon now...so what could she do? Could she go raid a village for sheep? No, she wasn't that hungry, though the thought of incinerating a few of the wool-producing little monsters did tickle her fancy. It was all their fault her pillows weren't the plush ones filled with goose feathers. And if sheep hadn't been around, then clothes as she knew them likely wouldn't have ever been invented either! If there were no sheep, then a princess like her would never have to worry about dressing all fancily ever again.
For that matter, if she ever found any silkworms around, she'd burn them too for the same reasons. No princesses should ever have to put up with the nonsense of silken dresses and ruffs and knickers and...
Gwendolyn's golden eyes lit up. Princesses? Dragons loved princesses! No dragon horde would ever be complete without a princess. If there was one thing she had learned throughout her career as a professional princess, it's that there were a lot of princesses in peril and they all needed to be rescued. Rescued from their captors, rescued from their prisons, and most of all, rescued from all those wretched, horribleclothes!
"That settles it!" she exclaimed, leaping to her feet with excitement and inadvertently shaking the earth in the process. "I shall go rescue me some princesses! So they will not suffer the same fate I had to undergo!" With a flap of her wings, the princess-turned-dragon girl took to the air again, and disappeared over the horizon, excited for her new journey.