This story turned out longer than I expected so I decided to break it up into three different chapters in case readers didn't want to read it all in one sitting
****************************************************************************************************
The morning after Holly's fling with Kent, both she and Kyle slept in. They were both exhausted after an exhilarating evening of a highly anticipated successful fulfillment of their mutual fantasy. They still had one more day of their weekend getaway and when they woke up the next morning, they were still feeling sexually charged from the previous evening.
Holly asked Kyle, "Are you still okay with what happened last night?"
"I sure am, babe," he replied as he pulled back the covers to show Holly his morning wood and then asked, "How about you?"
Holly took his hand and brought it between her legs. Kyle inserted his finger into his wife's pussy to find it soaking wet.
"I didn't expect to enjoy it so much, Kyle. It's not something I want to do all the time but it was fun."
"Maybe next time you'll let me watch."
"We'll see."
"What did you like best about it?" Kyle asked.
"I don't know. I felt like such a slut. It was fun being a naughty wife for a night."
Holly got on top of Kyle and stuffed his hard-on into her pussy and began to ride him. Kyle was looking up at his wife's face as she went on to describe fucking Kent.
"I felt sexy in my new dress and Kent made me feel sexier by picking me up in the bar. It felt good for another man to find me sexually attractive. I was so nervous in the elevator, I almost chickened out."
"I'm glad you didn't."
"Me too. He kept telling me how beautiful I was and it was exciting to have another man touch me and strip off my clothes. I was a little self-conscious when he took off my dress and was staring at my naked body. By then, I wanted him to fuck me especially when he took off his clothes and I saw his fat cock. I had to have it inside of me."
"That is so hot, Holly. I wish I was there."
"I don't think I would have been able to let loose if you were there but maybe next time," Holly replied as she continued to slowly ride Kyle's cock as he played with her breasts.
Kyle kept looking up at the hickeys on Holly's breasts left there by Kent which served as a reminder of how another man was using her body for his pleasure. He also noticed that Holly talked about the "next time" which gave him hope that she'd do it again sometime.
"Just the thought of another man touching you and seeing you naked drives me wild. Knowing that he fucked you and treated you as a one-night piece of ass makes me crazy," Kyle replied while thrusting his hip upward to push his dick deeper into his wife.
When Holly began to tire, Kyle got between his wife's legs and began to fuck her hard to her cries of, "Oh fuck me, Kent. My husband wants you to fuck his wife nice and hard."
Holly went on to say, "His dick felt so good in my pussy. I loved sucking it too. Oh, I was such a slut. If Kent was here, I'd fuck him again."
"You looked like a slut when you got back to our room with his cum all over you. You're such a slut wife. I love you."
"I love you too."
After they both came, Holly and Kyle ordered breakfast from room service. They talked further about what a great night it was for them to explore their sexuality before Holly said she was going to take a shower. She enjoyed a long, hot shower while still reminiscing about being a loose woman for a night.
Holly dried herself off and was toweling her hair dry when she walked out of the bathroom asking Kyle, "Did they say how long it would take for breakfast to get here? I'm starving."
When she looked up, Holly was shocked to see the room service waiter already in the room pushing the cart with their food on it. They both stopped dead in their tracks and stared at each other. At first, the waiter had a stunned look on his face from being surprised by the beautiful naked guest but then he got a sly grin on his face. His eyes traced Holly's body from her pert breasts down her hourglass torso to her hips and shaved pussy, bare legs and toes, and back again. Kyle was loving every moment of his wife's accidental nudity. Holly blushed and slowly wrapped the towel around herself while apologizing for her lack of attire. The waiter then continued to place the plates of food on the table.
As he was doing so, Kyle whispered into Holly's ear, "Drop the towel before he leaves."
She looked up at him and grinned. Kyle knew it was one of Holly's fantasies to have someone see her naked. Holly was already feeling frisky and Kyle's suggestion was mild compared to fucking a stranger the night before. When it was time to sign the bill, Holly reached for it and as she did her towel came undone and fell to the floor.
This time, she made no effort to cover up and commented, "Oh well, you've already seen me naked."
The waiter didn't say anything but stood there and stared at the alluring butt-naked woman standing before him. After signing the bill, Holly bent over to pick up the towel giving the waiter a perfect view of her ass. He made no effort to hide his stares and made a slow retreat towards the door, keeping an attentive eye on Holly the entire time. He gave her one more glance as he left the room.
Holly and Kyle began to laugh after the door closed, with Kyle asking, "Did you see the look on his face? You just made his day."
"His face? I was pretty surprised to see him standing there too."
"I'm sure he's going to tell all of his co-workers about the hot naked lady he just saw. He'll probably jerk off later thinking about you."
"Um, it gets me wet thinking about some guy jerking off thinking of me."
During breakfast, they talked about what they were going to do that day. Holly wanted to do some shopping and sightseeing. She put on a light pink tank crop top and white low-rise skinny denim shorts that didn't have any back pockets. She liked the way they hugged her ass. When she leaned over, her hanging breasts could be seen. Her pink thong whale tail and ass cleavage were visible when she bent over. Holly's attire got her plenty of appreciative looks that afternoon simply by dressing in a manner that accentuated her trim body and round butt.
After a day around town, things got interesting on the way back to the hotel. Kyle and Holly got caught in a sudden torrential downpour. The rain didn't last long but it rained hard enough to make Holly's tank top and shorts almost completely transparent as they clung tightly to her skin. They ducked under the awning of a store until it stopped raining but anyone who saw her after that got an eyeful.
Holly's breasts were completely exposed. It was as though she was in a wet t-shirt contest. Her almost naked breasts bounced freely for everyone to see as she walked briskly toward the hotel.
From behind, her white shorts were plastered against her ass allowing those behind her to see how her butt cheeks tightened and loosened with each step. Her thong was visible to all onlookers. She might as well have been walking down the street in only her thong. The surprising thing was that Holly was not embarrassed at all. She proudly displayed her body. The rain gave her an excuse for her accidental exposure and she basked in the spotlight.
When Holly and Kyle reached the hotel, the cold air conditioning made Holly's nipples even more noticeable as they walked through the expansive lobby. The people on the crowded elevator took notice of her predicament with the men stealing glances over at her exposed breasts and ass.
When they got back to the room, they rested for a while before getting ready for dinner. Holly decided to wear a simple white pleated tennis skirt with a light pink corset-style crop top with eyelet fabric and a lace neckline. She topped it off with matching heart-shaped diamond earrings and necklace and four-inch heels with an ankle strap and buckle closure. She wore a light blue thong underneath her skirt.
When Kyle saw her outfit for the evening, he commented, "You look delicious. There is something about bare shoulders and waist that drives me wild. You'll attract plenty of stares in that skirt."
Holly did indeed attract plenty of stares. Her heels made her legs appear longer and gave her a more sensual wiggle as she walked which made the back of her skirt sway back and forth across her butt. Even a slight breeze would make her skirt flare up to reveal more of her legs. Holly felt and looked sexy.
They were going to a casual restaurant a few blocks from the hotel which allowed Holly to attract the attention of the passers by along the crowded downtown streets. Once again, she was enjoying the appreciative stares of men along the way. Just before they got to the restaurant, a gust of wind came along and lifted Holly's skirt above her waist. She let the wind blow up her skirt for a few moments before feigning embarrassment and pushing it back down but not before people on the street got a great view of her thighs, underwear, and bare ass.
Holly turned to Kyle and quietly asked, "How'd you like that?"
"I loved it, babe and so did everyone else around you."
Inside the restaurant, Kyle proudly walked his wife to their booth as heads turned to watch his lovely wife. Holly made sure to sit on the side facing the bar area and to slide into the booth in a very unladylike manner, affording any of the other patrons a nice view up her skirt. Kyle noticed what she had done and smiled knowing his wife was getting turned on displaying her charms to anyone lucky enough to be watching.
All through dinner, Holly was telling Kyle, "There are a couple of guys that keep staring at me."
"I'm sure they're enjoying looking at your legs and hoping to get another peak up your skirt."
"Maybe, I'll give them what they're hoping for then," Holly replied and casually spread her legs for her fans.
She knew they could see her blue thong by the looks on their faces and made sure to mention it to Kyle who was loving his wife's newfound sexuality.
"You know they want to fuck you, don't you?"
"You'd like that wouldn't you?"
"I'd love it, babe."
"Well, you're out of luck because I'm all yours tonight."
"Why don't you give them a show they will never forget? You could go to the restroom and take off your thong," Kyle suggested.
"Maybe after this drink. I think I need more of a buzz before I do something like that."
Kyle quickly ordered another round of drinks. They had no evening plans so they decided on having several drinks with and after dinner. When Holly finished her drink she announced she had to use the restroom. She gave Kyle a knowing smile as she spread her legs as she was leaving the booth. She walked right past her two admirers on her way to the restroom as they turned their heads to watch her. Kyle knew his wife was giving her ass an extra wiggle by the way her skirt swayed as she walked.
On her way back to the booth, Kyle turned to watch the two men as Holly slid into the booth again. He could tell by the way their mouths hung open that his wife must have removed her thong and flashed her bare pussy for them.
When she sat down, Holly handed her thong to Kyle and said, "Here, hold on to this for me," and smiled at him.
Kyle held his wife's thong in his fist and brought it up to his nose for a quick sniff, taking in the aroma of her sweet pussy. He then held his hand under the table to take note of how damp her thong was before stuffing it into his pocket. He knew he was in for a good time once they got back to the hotel.
Holly let Kyle know each time she would spread her legs to give her two friends at the bar a view of her pussy. Kyle kept calling her a cock tease with her telling him she wanted to give them plenty of views of her pussy to use when they jerk off later.
Kyle told Holly, "Not only will they be thinking of you when they jerk off later, but any time they jerk off for years to come. A guy doesn't forget a hot chick like you letting them see their pussy."
Holly just grinned and said, "Let's get out of here. I'm so fucking hot, I need a cock in my pussy."
"I know two guys that would be more than happy to help you out."
"I told you before, this pussy is only for you tonight."
"Hey, you can't blame a guy for trying."
Holly flashed her audience one more time before they left the restaurant. She even gave them a wink and a smile as she walked out the door. They both smiled in return and had lustful looks on their faces after they realized she flashed them on purpose. Holly was feeling hot and sexy as she strutted her stuff on the walk back to the hotel. There is nothing sexier than a woman that knows she's sexy. A gentle breeze would occasionally lift the back of her skirt, affording those behind her a quick flash of her ample ass but Holly didn't care. She made no effort to hold her skirt down either.
Holly felt emboldened by the fact that she'd be leaving in the morning, never to see these people again. She was on vacation and letting loose of her inhibitions like never before. Holly felt empowered by the brazen display of her body. She didn't even care when a gust of wind raised the front of her dress to flash her pussy to a group of men passing by. She could see the shocked looks on their faces as her pussy came into view. Some commented on their view which only enhanced the experience for her.
As soon as their hotel room door closed behind them, Holly and Kyle were locked in a lustful embrace, acting like they were newlyweds again. Their hands roamed over their bodies, feeling and groping one another.
Kyle told Holly, "You were such a fucking slut tonight. You're such a cock tease too. You deserve a good fucking."
"Oh, I felt like such a whore. Those two guys at the bar couldn't keep their eyes off of me."
"They wanted to fuck you so bad."
"Would you have let them fuck me, dear?"
"I would have let the whole bar fuck you tonight, babe. You're so fucking hot."
"Maybe some night I'll treat a couple of guys and let them fuck me. You'd like that wouldn't you?"
"I sure would. I'd let anyone fuck my hot wife right now."
"You know what I want to do right now, Kyle?"
"What's that, babe?"
"I want to let a room service waiter see me naked again. That turned me on so much this morning, I want to do it again."
"It's a deal," Kyle replied as he ordered a bottle of wine to be sent to their room.
Kyle also opened the curtains to the room. With all of the lights on, he was hoping to attract one or more voyeurs to their exploits that night. With Holly changing clothes and room service coming, it would allow someone to see the entire show.
Holly decided to change into an ankle-length halter black lace nightgown with a high slit up the left leg. It was completely see-through and left nothing to the imagination but there is something sexier about a woman in lingerie than being completely naked. Maybe it's the fact that they are advertising their sexuality and their desire to get fucked that makes it so hot. It's designed to be enticing to their lover.
Holly nervously paced the room waiting for the inevitable knock on the door. Her pussy was soaking wet with the anticipation of teasing another man that evening but this time showing off her entire alluring, desirable body.
Kyle decided to hide in the bathroom and turn on the shower so the waiter had the freedom to gawk at his wife without the fear of a possible jealous husband getting mad. Little would he know that Kyle and Holly had this all planned.
When they heard a soft knock on the door and the waiter announcing, "Room service," Kyle took his place in the bathroom.
Holly's heart started to beat faster as she approached the door. She took a deep breath as her hand touched the doorknob and opened it. The waiter was shocked by the sight of the beautiful Holly standing in the doorway in her see-through nightgown. His eyes went from her face down to her breasts to her torso, and finally between her legs.
Holly let the waiter feast his eyes upon her exposed body before inviting him in and saying, "You can place it on the table over there."
"Yes, ma'am," he replied while looking back to take another look at Holly as he entered the room.
He then asked, "Would you like me to open it for you ma'am?"
"Yes, please," she replied to keep him in the room longer.
The waiter took his time opening the bottle of wine and commented, "If you don't mind me saying, but you look lovely tonight, ma'am."
"Why, thank you. My husband likes this on me," Holly replied and did a slow spin for the waiter, advertising her nudity underneath.
Kyle was enjoying his wife's seductive performance from his hiding spot with a full erection. He wished he could convince Holly to fuck the waiter but she made it clear she wasn't going to fuck another man, at least not right away. Kyle would have to be satisfied with another man seeing his wife's naked body and wishing he could fuck her.
The waiter kept glancing over at Holly as he took his time opening the bottle of wine and poured a couple of glasses. Everyone was disappointed when his duties were done and he handed Holly the bill for her to sign. She took her time perusing the bill and got closer to the waiter to ask him about one of the charges.
He was within inches of Holly, staring at her breasts before replying, "Oh, that's the tax ma'am."
Holly bent over the table to show off her ass while signing the bill under the attentive eye of the waiter. She handed it back to him and led him to the door with him following Holly as she wiggled her ass for him.
The waiter took one long last look at Holly before begrudgingly leaving the room and saying, "Have a wonderful evening ma'am."
"Thank you. Have a nice evening too."
"Oh, I already have ma'am. Thank you."
As soon as he was gone, Kyle came out of the bathroom exclaiming, "Holy shit, that was hot. I know he wanted to fuck you."
They sipped on their wine and then returned to their passionate kissing and fondling of one another. Kyle kept reminding her of the series of hard dicks she caused that day and could have guys lined up to fuck her.
"I'm so hot, I'd fuck them all right now."
Kyle knew she was only teasing him or was she? He laid her back on the bed, kissing and licking her entire body from head to toe and back up between her legs. He teased Holly by licking the insides of her thighs but not licking or touching her pussy. He made her spread her legs like she was teasing the men in the bar.
Holly was hot and needed relief and called for Kyle to, "Eat me. Lick my pussy."
"All in due time, honey."
Kyle began to finger fuck his wife while recalling everyone that had seen her body that day from the room service waiter to the people on the street after she got soaked by the rain, the guys in the bar, her skirt being blown above her waist, and the last waiter. She got hotter with each recollection of the bold display of her body. She was fulfilling one of her fantasies and begged Kyle for relief again.
Her husband continued to finger fuck her as she begged, "Eat my pussy. Don't tease me."
Kyle removed his finger and began to tongue fuck his wife, pausing to tell her that every man that day wondered what her pussy tasted like. When he began to flick his tongue across her clit, Kyle brought his wife to the edge of orgasm then suddenly went back to teasing the outside of her pussy lips.
Kyle brought his wife to the edge of orgasm several times before she exclaimed, "You're a fucking cunt tease."
"It's just payback for all those dicks you teased today," he jokingly replied.
"I need to cum, Kyle. Please, please let me cum."
He brought her to the edge of orgasm one more time before finally letting her cum. When she did, Holly groaned so loudly, Kyle thought the people in the other room could hear her.
"Ohhhhhhh, fuck yeah, make me cum. Oh god, oh god, I'm cumming."
Holly pulled Kyle's head into her pussy with such force, he was struggling to breathe. He licked his wife's pussy until she came two more times. She came with so much intensity, it took a while to regain her composure.
When she was ready, Kyle stripped off Holly's lingerie and made her get down on her knees in front of him near the window, telling her, "Suck my dick you cock tease. It's time to pay up for all those hard cocks you left hanging out there today."
Holly intended to tease Kyle like he teased her but once she saw his hard dick in her face, she had to have it. She stuffed it in her mouth and gobbled it like a hungry whore. She was hotter than she can remember ever being after fucking a stranger the night before and proudly displaying her body for most of the day.
As Holly sucked his dick, Kyle kept telling her how the men she teased would love to have her on her knees blowing them. They would love to feel her soft lips around their cocks. In her mind, she was tasting the dicks of the men that saw her tits, ass, or pussy that day.
Kyle was afraid he was going to cum too soon so he stopped Holly from sucking his dick and walked her over to the window again. The lights were on in their room which made it easier for other hotel guests to see them. He seemed determined to have voyeurs to their having sex.
"Stand here and see if you can get someone's attention. I want someone to see you getting fucked tonight."
Kyle stood behind Holly and ran his hands over her bare skin, fondling her tits, ass, and thighs then making her spread her legs so he could finger her. Holly could feel his dick pressing against her. She wiggled her ass to tease her husband and to let him know she wanted to feel him inside of her.
When Kyle saw a couple of people at their windows watching them, he pointed them out to Holly and said, "Now bend over the table but keep looking at them."
Holly did as she was instructed and moaned loudly as her husband entered her from behind. Kyle tugged on Holly's hair while slapping her ass as he pummeled her pussy.
"Oh, fuck me, Kyle. I've been such a naughty girl. Fuck me good. I need to get fucked. Fuck your slutty wife."
"Keep looking out the window, I want them to see what a whore I have for a wife. I want them to see you take my dick in your cunt."
Kyle's sexual appetite was enhanced by their audience. He fucked his wife hard. They both found it exhilarating to be performing a live sex show for several strangers. While they were creating their own memories, those watching would never forget that evening either. When Kyle came, he unleashed a torrent of cum into his wife as several hotel guests watched from afar. He made her lick him clean. When they were done, he closed the curtains to let everyone know the show was over.
It was an eventual weekend for Holly and Kyle, one that would leave a lasting impact on their lives. It was different, risky, and very naughty as they both explored their sexual fantasies. It was a sexual awakening for Holly who broke out of her shell to explore her deepest desires. They now had a deep, dark secret that they shared and left both of them wondering what could top that weekend.
Chapter 3
That weekend getaway changed Kyle's and Holly's lives in many ways. From that point forward, Holly was a more confident woman and realized she was much sexier than she had thought. A confident woman is a sexy woman. She wasn't afraid to wear tighter tops, shorter skirts, and casual clothing that showed off her ass. With Kyle's encouragement, Holly would tease pizza delivery men by wearing revealing clothing when they were at the house. Giving them a view of her breasts or ass by wearing see-through tops or a thong-string bikini. Now that she was thirty years old, she knew time would eventually catch up with her, especially if she and Kyle had children. The time to inject a little excitement into their lives was now.
Holly and Kyle still played the bar pickup game from time to time but she had no intention of sleeping with a local man. However, it still brought back the memories of Holly fucking Kent and her day of flashing strangers. It lost some of its luster now that Kyle knew Holly would never leave the bar with someone unless they were on vacation.
Their exploits while out of town continued to be used as foreplay for them but after a while, they both longed for a new adventure. It was like needing more of a drug to get the same high. Being busy at work and family obligations complicated their efforts to replicate their wild weekend getaway but they both knew they were ready to try something new again. They just didn't know how or when.
Just when they thought they would never live out a fantasy again, Kyle got an email from his former college roommate, Craig. He and Craig lived in the dorms during their sophomore year and got an apartment off-campus together in their final two years so they knew each other well. Craig was one of the groomsmen at their wedding but they hadn't seen him since. Craig had a very successful career with an international company that did a lot of business in Asia and Europe which required extensive travel.
Craig is a very handsome man that never settled down. He had a couple of serious relationships but he spent an abundant amount of time out of the country which caused problems in his dating life. Even when he was younger, Craig went from woman to woman and it didn't surprise his close friends that he never settled down. He liked to live life to its fullest and had that bad-boy air about him that women love. He was happy to be Mr. Right Now rather than Mr. Right. He was coming to town for several days to get away from the hustle and bustle of his work and needed to relax and clear his mind.
When Kyle heard one of his closest friends was going to be in town, he asked Holly, "What do you think of offering Craig to stay with us while he's in town? It'll give us a chance to catch up on old times."
"Sure. I don't have a problem with that but I have one concern."
"What's that, Holly?"
"I'm not fucking him."
Kyle started to laugh and asked, "Where'd that come from?"
"I know your perverted mind, Kyle. I don't want to complicate things with people we know."
"Okay, I promise I won't ask you to fuck him, okay?"
"I'm serious, Kyle. That would be weird."
"I understand."
Holly was still convinced Kyle would try to get her to do something with his friend but she had made her point clear. She was especially concerned because of Craig's reputation of being a notorious lady's man. Now that they cleared the air, Kyle told Craig he could stay with them while he was in town. Craig said he planned on staying in a hotel but Kyle insisted. Craig was more than happy to accept his friend's hospitality.
Holly was a nervous wreck getting the house ready for Craig's visit. She wanted it sparkling clean from top to bottom regardless of how many times Kyle tried to assure her that Craig didn't care. He just wanted to drink, relax, and catch up on their lives.
While Holly didn't know Craig that well, she remembered his handsome looks and charm. He had a smile that could melt a woman's heart. He had a strong jawline that was highlighted by his 5 o'clock shadow beard that many women find irresistible. He was confident with a touch of arrogance. The word among women was that Craig was darn good in bed too which led to the intrigue surrounding him.
Holly recalled that he slept with at least one of her bridesmaids before their wedding and slept with another on the night of their wedding too. Kyle defended his friend by telling Holly that he was a single guy and liked female companionship besides women tended to like him too.
Holly understood the last part. She also thought he was cute and was always quick with compliments that made most people feel at ease with him. That's probably why he was such a successful businessman too.
Craig didn't get to their house until late evening after his plane was delayed several times. He was exhausted but was happy to be able to relax in the comfort of his friend's home rather than another hotel room. Holly was already in her pajamas which consisted of a powder blue satin sleep shirt and matching satin short shorts. It wasn't anywhere close to being sexy at all. When Craig saw Holly, he complimented her on her good looks and gave her a kiss on the cheek and a big hug. Holly wrapped her arms around his broad, muscular shoulders and welcomed him to their home.
Craig shook hands with Kyle, hugged him, too, and said, "You don't deserve a beautiful woman like Holly. You are a lucky man."
"Oh, I know that buddy. You don't have to remind me."
Kyle showed Craig the way to the guest room and he quickly changed into a t-shirt and shorts while Holly got him something to eat along with an ice-cold beer. When Holly placed the plate and beer on the coffee table in front of Craig, her top gaped open, unintentionally allowing Craig to see down her top at her hanging breasts. Kyle noticed his friend's gaze but didn't say anything however he wondered or maybe hoped that Holly did it on purpose.
Her pajama shorts were loose enough around the legs to allow Craig to see almost up to her pussy when she sat down. He kept glancing over at her mostly exposed lean legs while he was eating and chatting with his hosts. Holly excused herself so she could go to bed as she had to work in the morning. Craig watched her ass wiggle as she walked away. Kyle took a few days off of work to spend time with a friend so he stayed up and shared a couple of beers with his guest.
Craig said he never found the true love of his life and complimented Kyle on having a lovely wife like Holly. He said he preferred the variety of women he had been with but could understand the appeal of settling down too. He asked Kyle about their sex life because he had known too many couples that couldn't keep things fresh and ran into ruts. Without getting into details, Kyle revealed that he and Holly still had a very active sex life and found ways to keep it interesting. They also talked about work, sports teams, and what happened to other friends they lost touch with over the years before calling it a night.
The next day, Holly left for work early while the guys slept in and went to play a round of golf. Being out on the golf course gave Kyle and Craig even more time to catch up on their lives, make fun of one another, and drink beer. While drinking after their round of golf, Craig revealed he was even more successful in business than Kyle had imagined, and while Kyle and Holly weren't as wealthy, they were doing fairly well financially.
Craig commented, "That's good. One of the main reasons for divorce is couples fighting over money. The other is sex."
"Well, we don't have to worry about either."
"If you don't mind me getting too personal, how do you and Holly keep your sex lives fresh? I've never been good at being with one woman for very long so it sounds difficult to me."
"Don't get me wrong, we've had our lulls because of work and other pressures but we've talked about it and worked it out?"
"But how, if you don't mind me asking?" Craig inquired.
They had more than a couple of beers by then and Kyle confided in Craig, "I'll tell you but you have to promise not to tell anyone or mention it to Holly. She'd kill me. My life is in your hands."
Craig laughed and said, "Your secrets are safe with me. If there's one thing you know about me is that you can trust me to keep my mouth shut."
"We were going through a dry spell and we talked about fantasies we had. She told me hers was to have other men see her naked. It happened accidentally before we knew each other and it turned her on. She's flashed some guys, making it appear to be unintentional."
Kyle went on to tell Craig about her wearing a sexy dress and sitting alone at a bar and guys trying to pick her up. He continued to say how Holly would give a stranger a view down her blouse or up her skirt too.
"What fantasies did you tell her about?"
Kyle was more reluctant to reveal his secret desires but his friend kept on pressing him on it.
"I have this fantasy about letting another man have sex with Holly."
"No shit. Has she ever done it?"
Kyle reluctantly replied, "You have to keep this between us but she did it once on vacation. The only thing is she didn't want me there."
"Holy fuck, that's wild."
"I don't know why it turns me on but it does. I'd like to be there to see it for myself but she didn't feel comfortable with that."
"Well bro, if you ever need another person to help you out, you can count me in. I'd be more than willing to fuck your wife for you. Hey, what are friends for?"
Kyle jokingly replied, "You're a true friend to offer to help me but she already told me she isn't doing it with you. She felt more comfortable with someone we don't know."
"Fuck, that's too bad. If she changes her mind, let me know."
Craig's mind was working overtime at the thought of Holly fucking another guy and him wanting to be the next one. He would also be especially attentive if she decided to flash him her tits or pussy too. However, he knew he had to be careful not to ruin his friendship with them or cause marital problems for his friend.
The guys got home just before Holly came home from work and cracked open another beer. When she came into the house, she was in a horrible mood. It was apparent she had a tough day at work. Kyle told her to sit back and relax and he'd get her a glass of wine. She decided to change out of her work clothes before joining the guys.
When Holly returned she was wearing a yellow tank top with a pair of tiny spandex shorts that looked like they were painted on her. They showed every contour of her full ass, a fact that quickly caught Craig's attention. Holly took a sip of wine and began telling them about her bad day at work.
"It was horrible from the time I started until the time I left."
"At least you have a few days off now," Kyle replied.
After a few minutes of listening to Holly tell them about her bad day, Craig said, "Come over here and let me give you a back rub."
Holly was suspicious of Craig's motives but he made her an offer she couldn't refuse. She grabbed her wine, took a sip, and moved closer to Craig with her back turned to him. Craig used his large, strong hands and began to give Holly a deep massage of her neck, back, and shoulders. She couldn't help but audibly moan as she felt his fingers working her tense muscles. She could feel the tension melting away.
After several minutes of massaging Holly, Craig said, "You know, the straps of your bra are getting in the way. I could do a better job if you took it off."
Holly gave him a dubious look but he said, "No, really, I'm serious."
Craig's back rub was feeling so good, Holly cautiously unsnapped her bra and slipped it off without removing her top. She would never admit it, but it felt good to take off her constraining bra and it allowed Craig to massage her back without anything in his way.
"Oh my god, that feels good. You've got magic hands, Craig."
"That ain't all I've got that's magical, Holly," he devilishly replied.
Holly shook her head, laughed, and said, "You're such a pig."
"Come on, you can't tell me you're surprised by that."
"No, I'm not surprised at all, Craig."
Craig's massage felt so good, Holly's nipples got uncontrollably hard and poked out through her tank top. Kyle and Craig noticed but weren't going to say anything. Nasty thoughts were racing through Kyle's mind as he saw another man touching his wife to the point her nipples were reacting to his touch.
After drinking most of the day, the guys didn't feel like going out to dinner and Holly felt the same so they decided to order a pizza and Buffalo wings and relax at home. Craig promised to take them out for a nice dinner the next night in return for their generous hospitality.
When Holly went to refill her wine and get two more beers for the guys, Craig commented, "Holly is a very attractive woman. You and that guy you let fuck her are very lucky men."
"Yeah, I know I hit the jackpot with her."
When Holly returned it was difficult not to notice that her breasts were bouncing, her nipples were still hard and her areola could be faintly seen under the fabric of her top. Kyle noticed his friend staring at his wife and most likely wondering what it would be like to fuck her. When the pizza arrived, the delivery person couldn't help but stare at Holly's tits, a fact not lost on Craig. It happened to be the same guy that had seen her breasts previously.
When she returned with the food, Craig commented, "I think the delivery guy likes your wife, Kyle."
"Yeah, we've had him before. I think he likes her tits."
"Hey, I can't blame him. Holly does have nice tits," Craig replied.
"You guys realize that I'm standing right here don't you?"
While they were eating their pizza and wings, Holly could feel Craig's eyes on her legs and breasts. She was getting a warm feeling between her legs from the attention she was receiving from their friend. Little did she know, but Craig kept thinking of how Kyle let another man fuck her and how he wished he could sample her charms too.
After dinner, Holly cleaned up the paper plates and napkins from the coffee table and practically stuck her ass in Craig's face. It took all of his self-control to keep from reaching out and grabbing her fine ass. Both he and Kyle wondered if she did it on purpose.
Kyle even commented, "It looks like there's a full moon tonight."
"I love full moons," Craig replied.
Holly feigned disgust and replied, "You guys are horrible," but she knew exactly what she was doing and was secretly excited that her ploy to attract Craig's attention had worked.
They were relaxing with their drinks with Holly's feet resting on the coffee table.
She wiggled her toes and asked Craig, "Are you any good at foot massages? My feet are killing me."
Craig motioned with his hand for Holly to give him her feet. She was half-joking when she asked for a foot massage but she wasn't going to turn it down either. She laid back and placed her feet on Craig's lap. Holly began to moan again as Craig's thumbs rubbed the arch, gradually working his way up to the ball of her foot. He gently massaged each toe individually. He soon realized that as he raised Holly's foot, he could see the distinct outline of her pussy lips pressing against the crotch of her shorts. Craig tried to be discreet but that was practically impossible.
Holly could feel Craig's eyes staring between her legs. Between knowing her husband's friend was lustfully looking at her and the pleasure from him massaging her feet only served to make her pussy damp. When Craig started to rub her calves, Holly knew she had to stop him or she risked losing control. Kyle was a witness to all of this and couldn't help but be encouraged that he could convince his wife to let things take their natural course with Craig at some point during his visit.
Not long after that, Holly announced she was tired and going to bed. The guys were tired from playing golf and drinking most of the day and decided to turn in also.
When Kyle got to the bedroom, Holly had that familiar look in her eyes and she said, "I know we're both tired but are you up for a little fun before we go to bed?"
Kyle was thrilled at his good fortune and replied, "I'm more than ready, babe."
They both quickly stripped off their clothes and climbed into bed. It wasn't the most passionate lovemaking session they've had but when you're that horny, sometimes all you need is sexual relief. Holly was rubbing her clit as Kyle fucked her.
As he was fucking his hot wife, Kyle asked Holly, "What made you so horny?"
"I don't know."
"It was Craig, wasn't it? You liked him touching you didn't you?"
"Just shut up and enjoy it."
Kyle had all the answers he needed. It only encouraged his thoughts of his wife fucking his friend. While they were having sex, they were both fantasizing about Craig fucking Holly. Now that Kyle was somewhat sure Holly was also thinking along those lines, Kyle had to figure out how to get her to take the next step.
Holly made everyone a nice breakfast of pancakes, eggs, and bacon the next morning with orange juice and coffee. She was wearing a simple white linen nightgown that on first appearance wasn't very sexy at all. However, as Holly moved about the kitchen, the morning sunlight would allow Kyle and Craig to see right through it.
There was no doubt she wasn't wearing anything underneath, not even panties, a fact not lost on the guys. At one point when Holly turned to face them while talking, they could clearly see her breasts and bare pussy.
After she turned around to tend to breakfast, Craig turned to Kyle with a look that said, "Sorry for looking at your wife like that."
Kyle turned to his friend and said, "I understand. What's a guy supposed to do?" and smiled, reassuring Craig that everything was okay.
Holly asked, "What are you guys talking about?"
"Oh, nothing, dear."
Kyle wondered if his wife knew she was flashing Craig or if it truly was an accidental showing of her nudity. The one thing that made him think she did it on purpose was Holly wasn't wearing any panties which was unusual for her.
Craig thanked her for the home-cooked meal as he was used to eating on the run in different parts of the world. He planned on visiting a relative of his during the day but reiterated his intention to treat his hosts to a fine dinner later that evening. Kyle assured him that wasn't necessary but Craig insisted. After Craig left, Kyle and Holly had a chance to discuss things.
Kyle asked Holly, "Did you know that we could see everything under your nightgown when the light was behind you?"
"No, I had no idea."
Kyle didn't believe her, especially because she didn't blush or appear embarrassed at all.
"Yeah, Craig and I saw everything. We could even tell you weren't wearing any panties."
Holly seemed unfazed and replied, "You guys must have loved that."
Kyle approached Holly and kissed her deeply and snuck his hand up her gown and between her legs. Holly mildly protested and tried to stop him but his finger found her pussy anyway.
He smiled and commented, "Just what I thought. You're soaking wet," and gave his wife a knowing smile.
That made Holly blush because she knew she had been caught playing her cock teasing game.
"I don't know why you keep pretending that Craig doesn't turn you on. Last night you were exhausted but still horny. You spent the morning teasing him, well, both of us. Why don't you just admit it?"
"Kyle, if I were you, I'd drop the subject now or you'll ruin it for both of us."
That was a very polite way of telling Kyle to shut up. He picked up on the not-so-subtle hint that sleeping with Craig was on her mind. He had to give his wife her space to sort things through in her mind. He desperately wanted to know what she was thinking but it was obvious she wasn't ready to talk about it.
Things were quiet around the house until Holly left to run some errands. Kyle decided to do some yard work so he didn't have to worry about it later. He wondered if he pissed off Holly to the point where she wouldn't even consider sleeping with Craig but he had no way of knowing. He decided he had to keep his mouth shut and see what happens.
When Holly got home, Kyle helped her carry in some groceries and put them away. He didn't say too much and all she talked about was the price of food or what was on sale. He could tell his wife had something else on her mind though.
"I have a question for you," Holly said to Kyle.
"What's that, honey?"
"If, and I mean if I were to agree to sleep with Craig. How do you know he would go along with it?" Holly asked.
"What guy would turn down that offer?"
"He's a good friend of yours. Maybe he wouldn't want to complicate your friendship. Do you know how embarrassing that would be if he turned me down?"
"Is that what you're worried about?"
"That and I don't know if I could face him afterward if we did do it. I knew Kent was interested in having sex with me and I knew I'd never see him again. It's different with Craig. He'll still be here in the morning."
"I could ask him if you want," Kyle replied but not telling his wife that he had already mentioned to Craig what she had done with Kent and him saying he'd love to help them out if needed.
"How would you do that without making me look like some kind of slut?"
"I don't know but I'll find a way. Just leave it to me."
"Just remember, I didn't say I'd do it."
"Now that I know what your concerns are, let me deal with it. Trust me."
Holly laughed and replied, "I did trust you, and look where it got me?"
Shortly after their chat, Craig got back from his cousin's house and he and Kyle sat on the back porch with a couple of beers. Holly left to get a manicure and pedicure for their dinner that night. It also allowed Kyle to have a frank talk with Craig. When they were on their second beer, Kyle began to talk about Holly.
"I'm sure you remember that talk we had yesterday about Holly and the stranger in the bar."
"Remember it? I'll never forget it."
"If I could talk her into it, would you want to sleep with her?"
"Are you serious? Fuck yeah, as long as you're cool with it."
"I'm more than fine with it. She's concerned that you might not want to because we're friends. She's worried about facing you afterward. She also wants to make sure you won't say anything to anyone."
"I wouldn't hesitate to sleep with your wife. She's gorgeous and I'd never say a word to anyone. You can trust me on that one. Afterward, we could pretend nothing happened."
"There's no guarantee it will happen but it just might."
"I'll follow your lead and see what happens."
When Holly got home, it was time to start getting ready for dinner. While they were getting dressed Kyle could tell Holly was a tad nervous, like she was going on a first date or something. She wanted to look just right for dinner. That let Kyle know she was seriously thinking about sleeping with their friend.
"Did you get a chance to talk to Craig about, you know?"
"Yeah, we're all set with whatever you want to do."
"I won't ask how you brought it up. I don't know that I can look him in the face though."
"Don't worry, I made it clear nothing may happen. Calm down, everything is fine."
"That's easy for you to say."
After looking through her closet and pulling out what seemed to be every dress she owned, Holly decided on a little black dress. It had a bra top with spaghetti straps that crisscrossed in the back. It was made of linen and unlined except for the top so she was comfortable going braless. It revealed plenty of cleavage and had a cutout between her breasts. She wore a black thong underneath. The dress came down to her mid-thigh and she wore fashionable sandals with it. Kyle told her she looked beautiful and sexy.
When they got to the living room Craig was waiting for them and he looked her up and down and said, "You look stunning, Holly. You are one gorgeous lady."
Holly blushed from his compliment but also from knowing Kyle talked to him about the possibility of having sex with her. She could tell that Craig was now looking at her differently. He had already caught glimpses of her body but now that he knew there was a possibility that he could have sex with her, it changed their personal dynamics. She was no longer just Kyle's cute wife, she was a potential sex partner. It made her pussy warm and wet and there was now an undeniable sexual tension between them.
Craig called for a car service to pick them up so they could drink as much as they wanted at dinner. Craig helped Holly climb into the back of the black SUV. It was so high up that it was almost impossible to get in without showing Craig and the driver, who was holding the door open, her thong. Kyle got in on the other side so she was now sandwiched between two sexy men. She could feel their eyes on her chest and legs which made her feel attractive and sexy.
The restaurant was one of the most exclusive restaurants around. There is no way Kyle and Holly would have been able to afford to go there on their own. Craig reassured them several times that price was no object. He ordered an expensive bottle of wine that they drank before and during dinner.
Holly began to relax after her first drink. Throughout dinner, Holly and Craig were exchanging glances. She kept looking at his dark eyes, his dark brown hair with wisps of gray, and his muscular build. She knew from her bridesmaids that Craig slept with that he was an attentive lover and was curious about what it would be like to be with him.
Craig had been involved with other married women before but never with one who had her husband's encouragement to have sex with other men. He was concerned about his relationship with his friends but he also wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to fuck a lovely woman like Holly. Her girl-next-door looks were matched by her sweet personality. He admired her lean legs and full ass as well as her perfect breasts. He had gotten peeks of her body over the last couple of days and knowing it might be possible to have sex with her made him want her more.
During dinner, Craig would, at times, place his hand over Holly's while telling a funny story about what he and Kyle were like in their younger days. They both felt a charge of sexual excitement from a simple touch. She could feel his eyes on her cleavage or when he would take a glance at her legs. There was a growing sexual tension between them throughout dinner and drinks afterward. Holly was deciding if she wanted to go through with having sex with Craig and if so, how to go about it.
Craig was also wondering how to proceed. This was an unusual situation for him too. He knew how to close the deal with a woman but Holly was the wife of a good friend who was dining with them. He had no choice but to go with the flow and see what would happen next. It was unusual for him to not be in control of the situation.
After drinking during and after dinner, the three of them were feeling a little buzz from the alcohol they had consumed and Kyle suggested, "Why don't we continue this party at home where we can all relax?"
Craig and Holly agreed with Kyle's suggestion and left the restaurant after Craig paid the substantial bill and left a big tip. As they were getting into the SUV to take them home, Holly carelessly left her legs parted as she climbed into the vehicle. Craig gave her a quick wink to let her know he saw her thong.
On the ride back home, Craig commented, "You have great legs, Holly. They are perfect in every way."
"Why, thank you, Craig," Holly replied as she raised her dress to show off more of her thighs for Craig and Kyle.
It was her way of sending a signal that she was feeling sexy that night. Craig was encouraged by her actions but was going to still proceed with caution in attempting to seduce Holly.
When they got home, Holly once again flashed her thong for Craig who drank in the beauty of her slender legs and thighs. He could see the outline of her pussy lips through her thong which served to make his desire for her grow stronger. He took her hand to help her out and Holly noticed his eyes staring between her legs which made her juices flow.
Kyle opened a bottle of wine and the three of them sat around the living room talking. There was an underlying sexual anticipation in the air with no one quite sure on how to proceed. They all silently wondered where things would lead that evening. When Kyle went into the kitchen to get some snacks, Holly followed him.
"Are you sure you want me to sleep with Craig?"
"I'm positive, babe. I know he would love to be with you, too."
"I'd prefer to be alone with him if that's okay."
"You know I'd love to watch but whatever you decide is fine by me. You're in control."
When they came back into the living room, Craig knew his hosts must have talked things over in the kitchen. He was curious as to the outcome. He felt like he was waiting for a jury to come back with their verdict. He didn't have to wait long to find out.
Holly put on some soft music and said, "I feel like dancing. Craig, will you dance with me?"
Craig looked over at Kyle who gave his nod of approval and he replied, "Of course I will beautiful."
As Craig took Holly in his arms she asked, "Do you really think I'm beautiful."
"You are absolutely stunning, Holly. You're a very sexy woman too."
He looked Holly in the eyes and continued, "Any man would be lucky to have you," as a subtle statement that he would be honored to sleep with her.
As a further assurance to her, Craig commented, "You know you can trust me too," in reference to his ability to keep anything that happened between them a secret.
Kyle was thrilled to see his wife in the arms of another man who was taking the first steps to seduce her. Craig pulled Holly close to him. He could smell her enticing perfume and she liked the smell of his cologne. Her breasts were gently moving across his chest and she could feel his hardening dick pressing against her thigh. She knew Craig had been with countless women over the years and she was about to become one of his conquests. Things were heating up quickly.
When the song ended, they didn't part. As the next one began, Holly looked directly into Craig's eyes. He leaned down to kiss her full on the lips, a kiss that she willfully returned. As their lips parted, they locked eyes again. She demurely looked away before looking back at him again. They were soon kissing passionately with their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Kyle's heart was racing as he watched Craig smoothly tempting his wife to explore her sexuality with him. He almost came in his pants when Craig lifted the back of Holly's dress and grasped her ass cheeks pulling her further against his growing erection. Their breathing was getting heavier as they danced.
Just before the song ended, Craig had the top of Holly's dress pulled down as he began to suck on her tits and finger her pussy through her thong. Kyle was in his glory watching his friend having his way with Holly. This was as close as Kyle had come to seeing Holly with another man and he was loving it.
Craig then asked, "Do you want to take this into the bedroom?"
"Yes Craig, I'd like that."
Holly looked over at Kyle who was grinning from ear to ear as Craig took her by the hand to the guest bedroom. Kyle gave Holly a wink as they disappeared into the hallway. Kyle knew that Holly would feel self-conscious if he watched her fuck another man but she didn't say anything about him listening at the door. He waited several minutes before he stealthily walked down the hall toward the guest bedroom. As he got closer, Kyle could hear the mutual moans emanating from the room.
He could hear Holly cry out, "Oh yes, Craig. Eat my pussy. I'm so hot tonight. Oh, it feels so good," as she moaned in pleasure.
Her moans and pleas for more continued for several more minutes until he heard the unmistakable sound of his wife orgasming to the oral stimulation by another man.
When she was done, he heard Craig tell her, "Okay baby, it's your turn. I have to feel those sweet lips on my dick. Kyle says you're quite the cocksucker."
"Oh, he does, does he? Well, I guess I can't disappoint you then."
Kyle then heard the sounds of Holly giving Craig a wet, sloppy blow job and him telling her, "Oh yeah, baby, suck that dick. Just like that. Fuck you've got some sweet lips."
That went on for several minutes, then Kyle heard some movement in the room and his wife saying, "Give me your hard cock, Craig. I'm so fucking horny tonight. I need a good fucking."
"You've been teasing me for two days, Holly. Don't worry, I'm going to give you a fucking you won't forget."
Kyle then heard his wife start to moan and the bed began to rhythmically squeak as Holly cried out, "Oh god, fuck me, Craig. Fuck me."
"Take this dick, Holly, You're getting what you deserve after cock teasing me like that."
"Fuck my pussy. Fuck my cock teasing pussy."
When there was a pause in the bed squeaking and their mutual moans of pleasure, Kyle assumed they were changing positions. Shortly after the temporary pause, the squeaking resumed. At one point, Kyle could hear the sounds of skin slapping together so he assumed Craig had Holly on all fours fucking her from behind. He could picture her ass in the air as she begged and pleaded for more just like his ex-girlfriend did years ago.
"Fuck me harder, harder. Fuck me, Craig. Oh, you fuck so good. Fuck me.
The bed was squeaking so hard, Kyle thought it was going to break. His friend was pounding his wife's pussy and making her scream out for more. Kyle could hear his ex-roommate beginning to grunt louder and faster.
He then heard his wife say, "Oh yeah, I want to feel you cum inside me. Oh, fuck me, Craig. Cum for me.
Kyle then heard Craig grunt louder and assumed he was cumming deep in his wife's pussy.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. AHHHH.AHHHHH. AAAAAAAAHHHHH."
"That's it, fill my pussy with your cum. I want to take a big load back to Kyle. Fill Kyle's wife with your cum."
When the bed squeaking stopped as well as the moans, Kyle quietly retreated to their bedroom next door to wait for Holly. Several minutes later, Holly came into their bedroom, naked with cum smeared between her legs and on her face.
She walked over to the bed, laid down and pulled her knees up to her chest, and asked, "Are you ready for sloppy seconds, dear?"
Craig's cum oozed out from Holly's cunt as a wide-eyed Kyle climbed between her legs and told Holly, "I heard everything."
"I thought so. That's why I tried to be louder than usual. I did it just for you so you knew how good your friend was fucking me."
Kyle rubbed some of Craig's cum onto the head of his dick and slid it into his wife's sloppy, cum-filled pussy. His eyes rolled into the back of his head because it felt so good after being teased most of the day and night, hearing his wife getting fucked, and now, to be finally sliding his dick into her well-used, cum filled pussy. Her cunt was warm and gooey, just the way he liked it.
Kyle began to fuck his wife as she rubbed her clit and told him all about how his friend fucked her brains out while he listened on the other side of the door. Her pussy was so wet from the combination of her juices and Craig's jizz that he could hear sloshing sounds coming from her cunt. Kyle savored the fact that another man just used his wife for his pleasure and sent her back to him. Soon after Holly reached orgasm, it didn't take Kyle very long to add his cum to that of Craig's in his wife's pussy.
Chapter 4
Everyone was feeling a little sluggish the next morning but they perked up after a couple of cups of coffee and a breakfast made by Kyle and Craig. Holly was wearing a sleepshirt that left most of her legs exposed but not much else. She wasn't trying to tease anyone that morning. She felt a bit awkward having to face Craig again, something she was concerned about when she decided to sleep with him.
It was difficult for Holly not to look at Craig, not as her husband's friend, but as the man whose dick she sucked last night before he fucked her. Craig had been undressing his friend's wife with his eyes since the moment he walked into their house but he now had a clear picture in his mind of what she looked like naked and what it felt like to have sex with her. Craig knew there was an underlying tension that morning and decided the best way to deal with it was to clear the air.
"I have to thank both of you for a memorable evening yesterday. It was very special to me and I will never breathe a word about what happened to anyone, ever. You are a lovely lady, Holly. I'll never forget last night."
Holly blushed and replied, "Thank you, Craig. I had fun too."
"I don't want things to be uncomfortable between us. You too, Kyle. I respect both you and your wife. Thanks for including me in, you know."
"No problem, buddy. I knew we could trust you and that you'd respect my wife. That's why we included you in our little secret," Kyle replied.
Craig didn't have any plans for the day and told Kyle he enjoyed lounging around relaxing. It was something he rarely got a chance to do. They decided to sit out on the back patio and watch a baseball game on TV and enjoy a couple of beers. Holly told them she'd make a home-cooked meal for Craig. That was a treat for him seeing he was a bachelor and was used to dining out most of the time. She had some shopping to do but intended to relax with the guys afterward.
Holly wanted to get her errands done early so she changed and left the house. That left Kyle and Craig plenty of time to talk about the night before.
"I don't know why having my wife fuck other men turns me on like it does but thanks for understanding, Craig."
"Trust me, it was my pleasure. Everyone has their kinks, buddy. You don't have to explain it to me. If you ever want someone to do it again, I'm your guy," Craig replied with a smile.
"What was it like to, you know, fuck Holly?"
"I've always thought Holly was a gorgeous woman. She's got that innocent, girl-next-door look about her. She's one hot lady. She's a firecracker in bed. I'm sure you heard us. She couldn't get enough last night. She sucks a mean dick too. You're one lucky guy."
"Oh, I know I'm a lucky guy. I'm hoping I can convince her to do it again before you leave."
"If you want me to fuck Holly again, I'll do you the favor but you owe me one, okay," Craig jokingly said.
"You're a true friend to do a favor like that for me. Are you sure it's not asking too much of you?" Kyle replied with a smile.
"It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make for a good friend," Craig replied with a laugh.
Kyle gave Craig more details on Holly fucking Kent after being picked up in the bar and how he left a couple of hickeys on her breasts. He also said Kent fucked her twice.
"To be honest, I wanted to fuck her again last night but I didn't want to be greedy."
"I wouldn't have minded at all and I'm sure Holly wouldn't have either."
"That's good to know."
When Holly got home the guys were out on the patio watching the baseball game on TV. She asked them if they needed anything and they said they were getting a little hungry. She told them she'd be back in a couple of minutes and bring them something to eat.
Holly was gone for several minutes and returned with some sandwiches for everyone. She was also wearing a tiny bikini. She wouldn't wear it in public because she thought it was too revealing but wore it to sun herself in the privacy of the yard. Holly said she was going to work on her tan while they watched TV. The mounds of her breasts pushed out of the top and barely covered her nipples. It wasn't a thong but it left most of her ass cheeks exposed.
Craig commented, "I'm not sure I can concentrate on the baseball game with you wearing a bikini."
"Would you like me to change? I don't want to be a distraction" Holly said with a grin even though that's exactly what she was trying to do.
"Oh no, don't do that on my account," Craig replied.
"I guess you'll just have to control yourself, Craig."
"I'll do my best but I can't promise anything," he replied with a wink.
Kyle and Craig knew Holly was deliberately trying to tease them. It gave them both hope that there was more to come. They were both stealing glances at Holly in her bikini as they ate lunch. She knew they were looking her over but didn't mind at all.
After lunch, Holly went into the yard and began applying suntan lotion to her succulent body. Both men watched as her hand glided over her soft skin to apply the lotion. She looked like she was posing for her appreciative audience. She would glance to the side to see if they were watching and wasn't disappointed to find them staring at her.
Craig almost lept out of his chair when Holly asked, "Would one of you kind gentlemen put some lotion on my back please?"
In a matter of seconds, Holly was laying face down on the lounge chair while Craig sat beside her rubbing the lotion onto her back. He gave her a massage at the same time which made Holly purr like a kitten.
When Craig's hands made their way up her back a couple of times, he said, "You know, the straps to your top are in the way. You don't want tan lines do you?"
Holly took the hint and untied the strings around her neck and unfastened the hooks on the strap across her back. Craig's hands slid along Holly's sides and she even lifted her torso a little allowing his hands to glide along the sides of her breasts. When she thanked him, he knew it was time to quit. He went back to sit with Kyle and watch the ball game. Both of them kept looking over at the partially clad Holly.
"Damn, you have a gorgeous wife."
"She's hot and sexy too."
"Amen to that, Kyle. Looking at her out there has got me thinking about what we did last night."
"Yeah, I've been thinking the same thing."
Kyle and Craig were a little embarrassed when Holly said, "You know I can hear you guys, don't you?"
"Now we do," Kyle replied.
Holly flipped over onto her back while holding her bikini top which led to Kyle saying, "I think you should lose the top so you don't have tan lines on your boobs."
"You know, Kyle is right, Holly," Craig added.
"That's not happening, boys. Nice try though."
Holly sunned herself for a spell while reading a book. She knew she had a captive audience
which made her feel sexy. She would rearrange herself on the lounge chair to give them different views of her body and enjoyed overhearing the positive comments in response.
When the ballgame was over, it was time to get dinner ready. Holly left her bikini on while she prepared the food in the kitchen. Craig came inside to use the bathroom and grab a couple of beers. Holly could feel his eyes on her bikini-clad body so she bent over to get something out of the bottom cupboard.
When she stood up she asked Craig, "Is there something I can get for you?"
"Now that's a loaded question," he replied with a smile. "No Holly, I was just admiring the view."
She shook her head in feigned disgust by rolling her eyes as Craig approached her from behind, put his arms around her waist, and said, "I can't stop thinking about last night."
A charge of excitement shot through Holly's body as Craig began to massage her shoulders. His hands drifted down to her lower back and he gave her ass a quick squeeze before Holly brushed his hands away. She didn't say anything as she started to move around the kitchen, obviously flustered. Craig knew exactly what he was doing. Holly wasn't the only tease that afternoon. He gave her a wink before rejoining Kyle on the patio.
Holly joined the fellas on the patio for a drink before finalizing their dinner. Kyle was in charge of the grill and was getting it ready which left Holly alone with Craig for a few minutes. He made no secret of the fact that he was admiring her half-naked body. She knew he was thinking about what they did last night as he looked at her. Holly was also looking at Craig, reliving the feeling of him holding her in his arms while they danced, walking off to his room as Kyle watched, being stripped naked by another man and them sucking and fucking each other.
Holly was trying to control her desire to fuck Craig again but she was losing that battle. While she was teasing Kyle and Craig by wearing a very revealing bikini, she was also teasing herself. The more the men wanted her, the more she wanted them.
When the grill was almost ready, Holly said that she was going to go take a shower and then Kyle could start grilling the steaks. Kyle was wondering what Holly was doing because it took a while for her to give him the signal to start cooking. He was still on the back patio with Craig watching another ballgame on TV when Holly came out to see how the steaks were coming along.
Craig stopped talking mid-sentence and said, "Holy shit."
Kyle turned around to see what was the matter, his jaw dropped, and said, "Wow."
Both men stared at Holly who was wearing a royal blue spandex tube mini dress that came down to just below her ass. It clung tightly to every curve of her body like it was wet. Both men eyed her up and down. They were speechless and simply stared at Holly. Both were wondering if she was wearing anything underneath. She certainly wasn't wearing a bra.
"What's the matter? Why are you guys looking at me like that?" Holly innocently asked.
"Uh, we just like your dress," Kyle said.
"I love your dress, Holly," Craig added.
"Oh, this old thing, I just wear it because it's comfortable."
Kyle and Craig looked at each other. Both of them wanted to say, "Bullshit," but thought better of it. In their minds, Holly was advertising that she was ready for more action with Craig that evening, not that he needed any encouragement. Her simple but sexy dress left no doubt in his and Kyle's minds. Holly was pleased that her dress had the desired effect on the fellas.
Whenever Holly left the patio to check on dinner, Kyle and Craig discussed her dress and whether or not she was wearing a thong or panties underneath. Kyle gave Craig his blessings to do whatever he felt necessary to get Holly into his bed again. It appeared to both of them that is exactly what she wanted too. It was about as blatant as she was going to get.
When Holly started bringing dinner out to the patio, she was under the watchful eyes of the guys. She deliberately bent and stretched in various ways that caused her dress to rise up her thighs. She made no effort to pull it back down either.
Holly sat next to Craig during dinner which gave him a better view of her legs and lovely breasts. When she crossed her legs, she lifted one higher than needed so she could afford Craig a look up her dress.
Craig had a few beers in him and couldn't resist commenting, "You were right, Kyle."
"Right, about what?"
"Holly's not wearing any underwear tonight."
Holly blushed profusely at Craig's comment. She was trying to be discreet in revealing her bare pussy but so much for discretion.
"I knew it, buddy. You need to learn to trust my judgment."
Holly commented in a friendly way, "You guys are assholes. If you want me to change, I will."
"Oh no, don't do that," Kyle exclaimed.
Holly gave him one of those wifely looks that said, "Well then, shut up."
Craig and Kyle took the not-so-subtle hint and admired Holly's attire in silence. They talked about other things while they stole glances at her. After a while, Holly uncrossed and crossed her legs again while looking at Craig to see if he was watching. She was not disappointed and neither was he. The sexual tension was building as they had dessert. By then, Holly's nipples were poking through the top of her dress and her pussy was getting wetter by the minute.
After dinner, they decided to go inside and have another drink. Holly got three beers and brought them out to the guys in the living room. As they were sitting around, there was a nervous tension in the air, like everyone was expecting something to happen.
Craig decided he had enough of Holly's teasing and asked her, "Would you do me a favor?"
"I don't know, it depends on what it is."
"I was wondering what you would look like in that dress while wearing a pair of high heels. It would be even better if you had a pair of stockings on too."
Holly looked at Kyle and replied, "I'll see what I have," and went to the bedroom.
She gave the fellas a quick glance over her shoulder as she walked away shaking her ass for them. When Holly came back a few minutes later, she was wearing a pair of red, four-inch open-toed stiletto heels, and white thigh-high stockings.
As soon as Craig saw Holly, he commented, "Now that's what I'm talking about. I can't promise I can control myself, Holly."
Holly gave Craig the look of a temptress that appeared to say, "Look at me. I know I'm hot."
As she did a slow, sultry walk around the room, four eyes followed every step she took. Holly's dress showed every curve of her ass as it stretched the fabric in the back and she gave it a little extra wiggle to show off. An inch or two of her bare thighs could be seen above her lace stocking tops. Craig and Kyle were practically drooling over her. She stopped in the middle of the room and posed in different fashions before strutting in front of them again. There was no doubt she was attempting to entice Craig into making the next move.
As Craig openly adjusted his growing erection in his shorts, he told Holly, "Is that dress as soft as it looks?"
Holly ran her hands over the front of her dress and around the back and replied, "Yes, it's real soft."
She put one foot on the coffee table, revealing her thighs within a millimeter of her pussy, ran her hands over her leg, and said, "And so are the stockings."
Holly had Craig's undivided attention. She was like a spider spinning her web, capturing her prey.
"I don't know. I think I'd have to judge for myself," Craig said, upping the ante.
Holly looked over at Kyle with a look that said, "You know where this is leading," not that he was going to object but she needed his affirmation to continue.
He had a wicked grin on his face and gave his wife a quick nod of approval. Holly had the look of a tigress stalking her prey as she walked over to Craig. He moved to sit on the edge of the sofa as Holly stood before him. He first ran his hands up her legs, feeling the softness of her thigh highs stopping before reaching her pussy. He then ran his hands up the sides of her dress before sliding them around the back and grasping her ass. Seeing no resistance, Craig ran his hands up her torso and cupped her breasts through her dress.
"You're right, it is soft, real soft," Craig commented.
Holly stood there letting Craig touch and feel her at will. The lust within her building with each inch of her body that was being touched. Craig ran his hands up Holly's thighs again but this time, he let his fingers graze the outside of her pussy lips. Holly shuttered to his touch and let out a soft moan. It was his turn to tease her now.
Craig sat back on the sofa and pulled Holly onto his lap. She straddled him and they began to passionately kiss one another. Kyle sat in silence as he witnessed his wife making out with his friend for the second time in as many days. Craig lifted the back of Holly's dress exposing her ample ass. He immediately grasped two handfuls of her butt, his fingers kneading her cheeks. By this time, Holly was grinding herself against Craig's crotch.
With one yank of her dress, Craig had Holly's breasts exposed and he immediately began to suck on her nipples. Her head fell back in the pleasure, holding his head to her chest while allowing Craig to have his way with her again. They had been playing a cat-and-mouse game for most of the day and they both needed to relieve their sexual lust for one another.
Kyle couldn't take his eyes off seeing his wife partially naked, grinding herself against his friend's erection while he sucked on her tits. He was living his dream of seeing Holly with another man but he wanted to be a voyeur to her doing more with his friend. He only hoped that tonight would be that night.
When Craig tugged at Holly's dress again, she lifted her arms to make it easier for him to peel it off. Kyle watched as his wife was now naked on Craig's lap. Craig turned her onto her back, then got up and stripped off his clothes. He was sporting an erection and approached Holly's face so she could suck on it. Holly opened her mouth wide as Craig slipped his dick in so she could blow him.
Kyle's heart was racing, adrenaline shot through his body and he almost came in his pants as he watched his wife's lips wrapped around his friend's cock and she began to blow him. He was living a dream as he witnessed Holly sucking Craig's dick. He held the back of her head as he began to fuck her mouth. Holly was using her lips and tongue to work on the dick in her mouth while her fingers were fiddling with her pussy. Kyle could hear the slurpy sounds of the wet blow job his wife was giving Craig.
Craig withdrew his dick from Holly's mouth and told Kyle to join them. He was surprised to hear that, he thought he was only a voyeur to his wife's seduction. Kyle stripped off his clothes and Craig whispered something in his ear.
The two men approached Holly and each man took one of her nipples into their mouths and began to suck on them. Holly's eyes rolled into the back of her head from the intense pleasure of having both breasts sucked at the same time. She closed her eyes, moaned in pleasure, and pulled both men's heads into her chest. Craig remembered that Holly's previous lover left a hickey on her breast so he did the same thing to remind both of them of that evening. He left several of them around both nipples.
Craig began to kiss, lick, nibble, and suck his way down between Holly's legs as Kyle continued to play with her tits. She moaned loudly as Craig's lips and tongue played with her pussy. She was feeling the dual pleasure of having her nipples stimulated while having her pussy licked. Holly was so hot that night, it only took minutes for Craig to bring her to orgasm. However, he didn't stop with giving her one orgasm. He continued to tongue fuck and work on her clit until she came two more times. Holly rarely had more than one orgasm but having three made her want to equally please Craig.
When she caught her breath, Holly spread her legs wide and said, "I want you to fuck me, Craig. I need you to fuck me. I want you to fuck me for Kyle."
Kyle moved out of the way to allow Craig to have unimpeded access to Holly. He took a position where he could easily watch his friend penetrate his wife. He was never as excited as he was at the moment he saw Craig push Holly's legs wider with his knees, his hard dick aimed at her pussy. There was something so arousing for Kyle to see his wife with her legs spread wide offering her pussy to another man. She was so wet, Kyle could see her pussy glisten in the light of the living room. Craig rubbed his dick against Holly's wet slit to lubricate it.
Craig then said, "Come over here and get a good look at this Kyle. I'm going to give your wife a good fucking tonight. Maybe more than once too."
Kyle got within a foot or two of the sofa, peering down at his wife's open legs and Craig's erection. Craig then slid his dick into Holly as she moaned. Kyle had waited years to experience this moment and it didn't disappoint him. It was even better than he ever imagined it would be.
Holly locked eyes with Kyle and said, "Oh yeah, fuck me, Craig. Fuck me in front of my husband. Fuck me like you did last night."
Craig began to pound Holly's pussy hard. She wrapped her legs around his back for leverage as she raised her hips to meet his thrusts. Holly would look up at Craig, kiss him deeply, and look back at Kyle. She was now fulfilling her husband's greatest fantasy. She was very vocal in telling Craig to fuck her.
Holly cried out, "Oh, fuck my pussy, Craig. Fuck it hard. Oh yeah, fuck me. I'm such a naughty girl."
"That's it, Holly, take my dick. You've wanted my dick since my first night here, didn't you."
"Yes, yes I knew Kyle wanted me to fuck you. I wanted to fuck you too."
Craig then had Holly get on all fours so he could take her doggie style. She stuck her ass up high giving it a tempting wiggle as he approached her. He then drove deep into her and began to pummel her pussy again. He began to tug on her hair while spanking her with Kyle watching closely as his friend's dick plunged in and out of his wife's pussy. Kyle was amazed at Craig's stamina as his friend was fucking Holly hard for a long time, not that he minded at all. Kyle wished it could have gone on for longer as he watched his wife acting like a porn star in a live sex show.
Eventually, Craig clutched Holly's ass, grunted loudly, and exclaimed, "I'm gonna cum. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."
Craig shot wad after wad of cum into Holly as she begged him to fill her pussy with his seed. Kyle was so excited to finally see another man shooting his jizz into his wife that he didn't know if anything would ever equal what he was feeling at that moment.
When Craig was done cumming, he withdrew his cum covered cock and brought it to Holly's lips. Kyle watched as his wife cleaned the cum from Craig's dick. She even squeezed a few more drops out and licked them up, savoring the taste of Craig's cum. When she was done, she looked like she had a milk mustache but then licked her lips clean while staring at Kyle.
Holly laid on her back, opened her cream-pied cunt, and said, "Come here, Kyle. I know you want some of this used pussy."
Kyle quickly replaced Craig in his wife's pussy and began to fuck her. He stared into Holly's eyes as he began to thrust himself into her. Kyle kept telling her how much he loved her and how beautiful and sexy she was. He was extremely appreciative of the fact Holly let him watch her with Craig. He was so excited he came a few short minutes later. Kyle was disappointed he didn't last longer but everyone knew the night was young and there was more to come in more ways than one.
Holly excused herself so she could freshen up with a quick shower and put on a touch of makeup. The fellas put on their underwear and waited for Holly's return.
"I don't want to sound greedy but do you think Holly will be up for another round?" Craig asked.
"There's no guarantee but if I were a betting man I'd say the chances are pretty good."
"That's one hot wife you have there, Kyle."
"Thanks. I'm glad you understand our fantasy. I loved finally seeing her in action."
"I thought it might be weird having you there watching us but I found I kind of liked fucking your wife while you were there. It added a different feel to fucking her, something I'd never experienced before."
"Well, feel free to fuck her as many times as she wants. She's in control."
"I'm going to take you up on that offer."
They had little doubt that Holly wanted to have more fun that night but when she returned, she erased all doubt. Holly was wearing a floor-length white lingerie gown with sheer lace across the top that did little to hide her breasts. It had a front panel with open side slits that went up to just below her breasts. The entire length of her legs were visible as well as a portion of her torso. She was showing off a lot of bare skin. When she walked, the front panel would flap open to show a quick flash of her bare pussy.
When Kyle saw Holly, he looked over at Craig and commented, "Something tells me our fun is just beginning."
"Really, what makes you think that?" Craig replied facetiously. He went on to say, "I like your outfit, Holly. You look fantastic in it."
Holly smiled and replied, "I just threw this on. I'm glad you like it."
Craig patted the sofa as a signal for Holly to sit next to him and she asked, "Can I trust you to control yourself if I sit there?"
Craig laughed and asked, "Would you believe me if I said, "yes?'"
"No, I guess not," but Holly decided to sit next to him anyway.
The three of them made some idle talk while sitting in the living room while the men were in their boxer jocks and Holly in her lingerie. Holly kept rearranging the front panel of her gown, seemingly to try and cover herself but that was impossible. The more she played with it, the more of her lower body she revealed, or was that part of her plan? There was an awkward feeling in the air as Craig and Kyle couldn't keep their eyes off of Holly. Everyone seemed to be waiting to see who would make the first move. Craig didn't want to go too fast and Holly didn't want to appear anxious while Kyle was a voyeur to it all.
Finally, Craig reached over and flipped the front panel out of the way, and began to lightly stroke Holly's thigh. She playfully pushed his hand away and crossed her legs but he would return to touching her a short time later. Each time, Holly would let him touch her for a longer time. Everyone knew where this was leading but Holly wanted to make Craig work for it; she didn't want it to be too easy for him. The seduction and tease were part of the foreplay.
Holly could see that both men were sporting erections under the boxer jocks and enjoyed teasing them. While she was playing the part of a cock tease, her pussy was getting wetter also. Her excitement just wasn't as obvious as the fella's. Holly liked being the center of attention with two handsome men lusting for her. She felt empowered by the fact that she could cock tease them and she was in control of when things would progress further. She also knew she could only play this game for so long because she wanted them to fuck her almost as much as they wanted to fuck her.
The cat-and-mouse game between Craig on Holly went on for a little while before she uncrossed her legs while he was rubbing them. It was a silent signal that he could touch her pussy. Craig quickly picked up on it and ran his hand further up Holly's thigh as she parted her legs for him. He ran his fingers along the outside of her pussy lips before slipping one inside of her.
Kyle played the voyeur as his friend began to finger fuck his wife, reveling in the fact that she was excitedly responding to the sensual touches of another man. Kyle could see his wife's open legs, and pussy while Craig's finger plunged in and out of her. Holly's head rested against the sofa and she closed her eyes. She moaned softly as Craig continued to work his finger inside of her.
Both men were surprised when Holly suddenly turned and straddled Craig's lap, grinding her pussy against his erection. His hands roamed freely over her body until he eventually lowered the straps to the gown and freed Holly's tits. He immediately began to suck on them. Several minutes into their makeout session, Holly stood up and slipped off her gown, pulled Craig's underwear down his legs, and tossed them aside. She then climbed back onto his lap and stuffed his dick into her. She began to ride him like a cock hungry whore.
Kyle had a perfect view from behind, watching as his wife rolled her hips, and seeing his friend's hard cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Craig was playing with Holly's ass while alternately sucking on her tits.
Craig called over to Kyle and said, "Look at your wife, Kyle, I think she likes my cock. Oh, baby, you're so hot."
"I love your cock, Craig. It feels so good. I'm so fucking horny tonight."
Kyle could see the look of pure lust on his wife's face from riding another man's dick. He saw Craig's cock deep inside his wife's pussy as she continued to ride him. She even switched into a reverse cowgirl position so Kyle could get a different view of her fucking Craig.
"Do you like seeing me fuck another man? Huh, do you, Kyle? Watch as I fuck Craig. Are you having fun, dear?"
"I'm loving it, Holly. I love seeing you acting like a whore."
"I may be acting like a whore but I'm your whore. I'll fuck anyone you want because I'm such a slut."
Holly surprised both men when she asked, "Do you know what I really want, Kyle?"
"What's that baby?"
"I want to fuck you while Craig fucks my ass. I want both of you inside me at the same time."
Craig looked over at Kyle with a grin on his face and said, "I'm okay with that if you are."
Kyle replied, "If that's what she wants, let's give it to her."
They decided it would be better if they went into the bedroom where they would have more room to maneuver. When they got to the bedroom Kyle got naked and set the lube on the nightstand. He lay on the bed as his wife straddled him. She rode his dick for a minute or two.
As Holly was riding Kyle, he said, "I love you, babe."
"I love you too, Kyle."
Holly then stopped riding her husband so Craig could prep her ass. Craig took his time first rubbing Holly's cheeks then kissing and nibbling on them.
As Craig was giving Holly's asshole a short tongue bath, she pushed back against his tongue and said, "Oh, that feels good. No one has ever done that before."
Things progressed further when Holly felt the cool drops of lube hitting her asshole and Craig inserting a finger into her. He fingered her for a bit before stopping to put some lube on his dick.
Holly felt Craig's erection pressing against her asshole and he asked, "Are you ready, baby?"
She looked directly into Kyle's eyes and replied, "I'm more than ready, Craig," and then told her husband, "Your friend is about to fuck my ass, Kyle."
Kyle reached around to help spread Holly's butt cheeks as Craig began to push his dick into her. Holly lightly bit her lip expecting some pain but it wasn't too bad. She felt some discomfort and fullness but no real pain. Craig was going slowly but once the head was in her ass, Holly was able to easily accommodate his penetration. When he was about halfway in her ass, Craig began to slowly rock his hips, pushing deeper into her with each thrust.
Finally, when Craig was balls deep in Holly's ass, he said, "Damn baby, you have such a nice tight ass. I was hoping I'd get a chance to fuck it."
"Well, now's your chance," Holly replied.
It took a couple of minutes to find their rhythm but once they did, the room was filled with sounds of mutual moans of pleasure.
Holly cried out, "Oh yeah, fuck my ass, fuck my pussy. Oh god, it feels so good. Fuck me. Fuck me."
Holly was rolling her hips, pushing back against Craig's dick in her ass as he humped her and Kyle was thrusting his hips upward. The double penetration was more stimulating than Holly ever imagined. The fellas had more stamina after already cumming earlier so they were both giving Holly a good fucking. When Kyle wasn't sucking Holly's tits, Craig was feeling them or spanking her ass.
Craig was taunting Holly by asking, "Where's my dick, Holly? Huh, tell me; tell Kyle. I want to hear you say it."
"Your dick is in my ass, Craig."
"Do you like my dick in your ass?"
"I love having your dick in my ass. I love fucking two dicks."
"Would you suck a dick if someone else was here?"
"Fuck yeah, I'd suck him dry. I'd fuck and suck three or four guys. I'm so fucking horny."
All the dirty talk was getting Holly even hotter. As she approached orgasm she begged for more.
"Oh shit, I'm gonna cum. Fuck me harder. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my ass. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."
Both men did what they could to fuck Holly harder. She came twice within quick succession and was out of breath but both guys kept fucking her. Craig was the first to cum and he filled Holly's ass with his jizz, shooting it deep within her bowels. Kyle wasn't far behind, sending another load of his cum into his wife's pussy.
When they were done, all three of them collapsed onto the bed, breathing heavily, trying to catch their breath.
"That was awesome," Holly proclaimed.
"Hell yeah. That was the best sex I've ever had," Craig said.
"Me too. I never imagined I'd get the chance to DP my wife," Kyle added.
They all lay naked on the bed for several minutes before Holly said she was going to freshen up. Craig went into the guest bathroom to clean up while Kyle followed Holly into the shower. When he came out, she was fast asleep in their bed. Kyle joined Craig in the living room and told him Holly had passed out.
Craig told Kyle, "Dude, that was wild. Thanks for including me. I can never repay you."
"Shit, you did us a favor. I don't think she would have done this with a stranger. I probably wouldn't have been there to witness it either. Fuck, that was unreal."
The guys had one more beer before calling it a night themselves. Craig was leaving early in the morning and had to pack also. Holly made breakfast for everyone the next day. Craig thanked them again for their hospitality. Holly seemed a little embarrassed by what they had done so no one talked about the night before.
When Craig's ride to the airport arrived he thanked Kyle and Holly for treating him so well. He said it was a nice relaxing weekend and just what he needed.
Kyle told his friend, "Anytime you're in town, you're more than welcome to stay with us."
Craig replied, "Thanks, buddy. Are you okay with that, Holly?"
"I had fun too but you have to keep this between us."
"Don't worry, this will be our little secret among friends."
Craig gave Holly a brief kiss on the lips and a big hug. He looked over her shoulder and gave Kyle a wink. Kyle smiled and gave his friend a nod.
Kyle didn't know if this was the end of Holly's sexual experimentation or just the beginning. Only time would tell.