Eva rekindles her dislike of clothes.
by Vanessa Evans
Part 04
There was what could well be a nice restaurant there but it was all shut up for the winter and they wandered around and found a bar that was open. They went in and saw about 8 or 9 men who all turned and looked at the strangers who had walked in.
"Hi everyone, we're not disturbing anything are we?" Eva said.
"Fucking hell lady, no, come on in, park your cute little ass over here." One of the customers said.
Jason was starting to think that going there was a mistake but a friendly sounding barman asked them what he could get them.
"Two beers please." Jason replied as they climbed onto 2 bar stools.
The stools were reasonably high and Eva had to climb up a bit causing her already very short skirt to ride up leaving a strip of butt flesh visible after she's sat on the stool. She did nothing to cover it - if she even realised.
As the barman brought the beers and Jason paid, the barman said,
"Don't worry about that lot they're okay. They came to watch a football game and it's turned out to be a lousy game. What are your names?"
Jason told him.
"So where are you staying?"
"Rented a villa up the road for a couple of weeks to get away from the crap English weather." Jason replied and Eva looked at him wondering why he's lied.
"Gentlemen," the barman loudly said,
"This is Jason and his beautiful girlfriend Eva, staying up the road. Be nice to them okay?"
All the guys who weren't already staring at Eva's bare legs that went right up to her stomach, turned and said hello.
Both Jason and Eva swivelled on their stools to say hello back.
Then one of the men said,
"So are you some sort of exhibitionist then Eva? Well I mean, your pussy is on display and that top doesn't exactly hide your tits."
Eva said nothing so after a few seconds Jason said,
"Yes she is. She only discovered it a few weeks a go and while we are down here she thought that she'd experiment a bit."
"Well how about experimenting by doing a strip for us?"
"Actually, she's been thinking about getting a part time job as a stripper."
"So stripping for us would be good practise for her."
"It wouldn't be a good one because she isn't exactly wearing much to start with."
"You won't hear any of us complaining mate."
Jason turned to Eva and he could see the surprise and excitement on her face.
"Hey Ben," another of the men said, "turn that garbage off and put some music on for Eva her to strip to."
Ben the barman turned and went to his sound system while 3 of the men moved some tables around so that a large one was near the door where everyone could see. They didn't think about it, but the door had big glass panels and so do the windows next to it. If the men could see Eva's front as she stripped, anyone who happened to be passing outside, and looked in, would be able to see her back. Not that there were any people passing by at that moment, and that time of the year there were hardly likely to be many.
That old 'Stripper' tune by David Rose started coming out of the speakers and 2 of the men came and lifted Eva off her stool and put her on the table. She got to her feet and pulled her skirt down as far as it would go, but it wasn't even long enough to cover her slit which the men could see all of the time.
Eva started slowly gyrating her hips and sliding her hands up and down her body, caressing her tits each time her hands went up there.
All the men were cheering and egging her on, and Jason started to feel uncomfortable in his trousers.
Eva took her time and slowly eased her top up, giving under-boob flashes then covering them again. Then doing the same with her hard nipples. Finally lifting the top over her head and throwing it to Jason.
Then it was more caressing of her tits and twisting and tweaking her nipples, all to the encouragement of the men who were loving it nearly as much as she was.
The music changed to 'Touch Me' by Samantha Fox and Eva didn't miss a beat. Her hands slid down to the top of her skirt and she teased with the fastener for a couple of seconds before unfastening the button.
In a way it was silly making so much of taking her skirt off because it had risen up when she spread her legs to start gyrating her hips and her slit and the bottom half of her butt were visible to all right from the start.
But Eva kept going, slowly unfastening the zip then gently easing her skirt down, a centimetre at a time. Her slit had only just started to appear over the top of her skirt when the music changed to 'Feeling Good' by Michael Bublé.
Stepping out of her skirt, Eva lifted it with one foot and flicked it over to Jason. Apart from her low heels, Eva now totally naked and the men, including Jason, were loving it.
Eva kept dancing running her hands all over her body. As the music changed to 'I'm A Slave For You' by Britney Spears, Eva used her hands to indicate to one of the men that she wanted the beer bottle that he had in his hand. He was a bit slow in realising but when he did he got up and passed her his beer.
Eva teased her clit and pussy with the bottle for a few seconds then went down on her spread knees, sat back on her ankles and started fucking herself with the bottle.
The room, and Britney Spears went quiet and soon everyone could hear her juices squishing around inside her as the bottle went in and out. Unsurprisingly, it didn't take long for Eva to have an orgasm and everyone knew that she was because of her moans and her body jerking about.
Somehow, Eva managed to keep fucking herself as she orgasmed but the orgasm didn't keep going and it subsided as she kept the bottle going. She started to get her wits about herself, looked around and got pleasure in seeing the lust on the men's faces. She smiled and one of the men said,
"Can I do that for you?"
Eva smiled and nodded her head.
The man didn't need to be told twice and was in front of Eva in seconds. Eva let go of the bottle, the man took hold of it and in and out it kept going. At the same time the man used his other hand to rub her clit that was standing out like a little penis.
Eva orgasmed again and when she opened her eyes she saw that it was a different man holding the bottle and rubbing her clit.
Up she went for a third time and when she started to cum down it was yet another man fucking her with the bottle.
Then it was a fourth with yet another man.
That fourth orgasm was too much for her and she collapsed back onto her back, her legs still bent under her.
Jason went over to her and looked down at her face, total exhaustion was the expression he saw so he turned to the next man who was about to take over and said,
"Sorry mate but she's had enough. Please don't."
Thankfully he accepted Jason's plea and just stood there looking down at Eva's pussy and the bottle that was slowly sliding out of her. He stepped forward and caught the bottle before it hit the floor and looked at all her juices round the neck.
Jason went round to her feet and eased her bent legs from under her and let them hang over the side of the table but still spread well apart.
"Is she okay?" Ben the barman asked.
"She will be, give her a couple of minutes."
"Can I get her anything?"
"Some water would be nice."
Ben the barman brought a glass of water over to her, getting a closer look at her still spread pussy as he approached her.
"Thanks mate." Jason said then he lifted her head and let her have a sip.
Meanwhile Jason could hear the men talking, mainly about the 'lucky bastards' that got to use the bottle on Eva. Jason lowed Eva's head and left her to rest. He went to the bar and discovered that Ben the barman had given him a fresh beer.
They talked and Jason discovered that Eva's aunt Betty sometimes went to that bar and that she was a 'bit of a character'. Ben told him that she usually left with a man about half her age.
"So what happened to her villa?" Ben asked.
"Betty left it to her sister and she sold it to someone who rents it out on the condition that Betty's relatives get it at half price."
"So that's where you're staying?"
"Yes, you wouldn't believe the hassle that we had to go through when we got there. This crazy woman checked everything and took dozens of photos, and she counted every damn piece of cutlery in the place."
"Yes, I've heard that from others who rent places around here."
Just then Eva appeared next to Jason and put her arm around him.
"Can you get me a drink please Jason?"
"What will it be gorgeous, on me." Ben the barman said.
Eva was still naked and she climbed up onto the stool next to Jason and said,"
"Tequila please, Ben isn't it?"
The drink soon appeared in front of Eva and she downed it in one.
"That's better." She said. "Thanks Ben."
"Another?"
"Yes please."
She sipped the second one, and soon recovered, but not her clothes and she sat there totally naked.
"So when are you coming back down here?" Ben asked.
"Possibly at Easter." Eva replied.
"Well don't forget to call in here you've done wonders for trade and at Easter there'll be more people for you to strip for Eva. The game tonight was that bad that they were thinking about leaving just before you arrived. Do you mind if I tell them that you will be coming back here in a few days?"
Jason laughed and said that it wasn't a problem.
Eva was back to her usual self and she was obviously still turned on because she got off the stool and went over to the guys.
"Which ones of you didn't get to use that bottle on me?"
Most of them stuck up a hand.
"Right, I'm going to come to each of you in turn and sit on your lap. You can play with my tits for 2 minutes then I'm moving on to the next one."
About 8 faces lit up as Eva went over to the first man. She sat on his lap okay, but not in the usual way. She turned her back on him and sat down with her back to his chest and her feet on the outside of his legs.
One of his hands came round her and grabbed a tit. The other men watched as she reached for his other hand and put it on her pussy.
She was moaning with pleasure when she said that his 2 minutes was up.
Then she moved to the next man and did the same.
After the fourth man she came to the bar and said just one word,
"Tequila."
Ben got her one, she downed it in one and went to the fifth man.
Ten minutes later she was back at the bar to drink the latest, waiting tequila.
Eva climbed up onto the stool, still naked, and her and Jason asked Ben to tell them about the area.
About an hour later Eva started to look tired so Jason told her that it was time to leave.
She slid off the stool and started walking to the door.
"Hang on Eva, you forgot your clothes." Jason shouted.
"You bring them." Eva said as she opened the door.
Jason grabbed the clothes, said goodnight to everyone and chased after her.
Eva was looking a bit drink and a lot tired so Jason picked her up and carried her in his arms. He got half way up the hill and decided that there was an easier way to carry her so he stopped and put her over his shoulder in the fireman's lift. He smiled as he held in place with one arm leaving his other hand free to explore her butt and pussy, which he did, although he did move his hand when 2 elderly men were walking the other way.
"Too much to drink." He said to the men, hoping that they understood both the language and the meaning.
As he walked along the side of the main road he wondered if any of the motorists who saw them would wonder if he was carrying a naked victim of goodness knows what; but he made it back to the villa without seeing a policeman.
******
The next day was Christmas day and Jason took his Christmas present from Eva before she woke up and she gave him hers shortly after his thrusting had woken her.
As they lay there recovering Eva said,
"Merry Christmas lover."
Jason was impressed with her choice of the third word and said the same back.
Both of them realised that they were lovers but they also knew that they didn't want it to become official because they both knew that things would change if it was official. Besides, they both had lots of other vital, to them, things going on in their lives.
Jason leaned over to Eva, tweaked both her nipples then said,
"Come on lazy bones, a nice brisk walk on the beach to start the day and clear your head."
Jason slipped shoes, shorts and a T shirt on but Eva was going to have her first, from her villa, totally naked walk.
When they opened the front door the chill hit them and Jason saw Eva's nipples harden.
"You okay Eva, want to go back for a dress or something?"
"No, I'll be fine, I'm not going to let the cold beat me. Come on, brisk walk."
They did, passed the front of a couple of other villas then down the road that led them to the sandy, open area. No one else was there as they walked across towards the dunes then up and over them to the beach. The sun was half way up the horizon giving them a spectacular view as the walked along the water's edge to the boarded up beach bar then to the passage next to another closed cafe where they found themselves at the harbour.
The stopped and took in the sight, boats slightly bobbing in the water, and when they looked down into the water and saw hundreds of little fish swimming around.
Something caught Jason's eye and he looked up to see a man emerging from below the decks of one of the small yachts about 4 metres from them. He saw them and Jason tapped on Eva's arm to alert her. Eva waved to the man and shouted "Merry Christmas", not caring that she was totally naked.
After looking at the fish for a couple of minutes they turned and walked alongside the closed restaurant that they'd seen before, under the tunnel then Eva said,
"Look Jason, there's the bar that we were in last night."
"Oh yes, how much of last night can you remember?"
"All of it, I think, it was great fun, all those men looking at me and fingering me."
Jason decided not to quiz her for more details.
The turned left, passed the apartments and up the hill to the roundabout at the end of the bridge over the main road.
"Which way?" Eva asked.
"That depends on how brave you are?"
"I'm brave, besides it's Christmas day and they shouldn't be many people about."
Jason held Eva's hand and led her over the bridge, then left at the entrance to the camping site and the Italian restaurant. As they walked along that side road a man walking a little dog came the other way. They could have gone through the hedge and continued along the grass but Eva just kept walking.
As they got close to the man who was staring at Eva, both Jason and Eva said, "Merry Christmas" and they continued walking. The man said nothing. A minute or so later they heard a car approaching from behind them and again Eva just kept walking. The car passed them just like it would have if they'd been wearing thick coats.
They came to the footbridge over the main road and went up onto it. Eva stopped walking when she got to the middle of it and turned to give a full frontal to vehicles going towards Marbella.
Fortunately, or not, traffic was light and she threw her arms up in the air and shouted,
"Look at me." she had a 50 / 50 chance of anyone actually seeing her.
Undeterred, she turned and face the other way and shouted the same. Again a 50 / 50 chance.
Attention seeking over she took Jason's hand and they continued her naked walk.
Down from the bridge it was a short walk to the closed pharmacy and what looked like a hotel then they turned and disappeared down the narrow roads between the villas.
"Thank you Jason." Eva said as they entered the villa. "I don't think that I could have done that on my own."
Eva was still cold and when Jason pulled her to him he could feel her nipples like 2 pebbles pressing onto his chest. He kicked off his clothes as they shuffled to the shower then fucked as they warmed up and got themselves clean.
Jason put some coffee on while Eva shaved then went back to the bedroom.
"Who are you calling?" Jason asked as he heard the beeps from Eva's phone as she tapped some numbers when he carried the coffee into the bedroom.
"My Mother and Father, they think that I'm still at the flat working hard."
Jason smiled, Eva having already told him about aunt Betty's will and Eva's fear that her mother would do her best to relieve Eva of her inheritance.
No one could call the phone conversation a warm, friendly family one, more just functional, and after only a couple of minutes the call ended.
Jason decided that he should do his duty as well and he too phoned home.
His phone call was a lot warmer with him talking to each of his parents and his brother and sister.
Duty done, and coffee drunk, Jason pulled Eva on top of him and lifted her onto his cock. Then Eva made a video call to Jade and let her watch as they talked and she bounced up and down on Jason's cock. Jade had to leave her parents family room to avoid them seeing and hearing the performance at the other end of the line.
Most of the rest of the day was spent in the villa, both of them wanting sex quite a lot. Even outside by the pool when the sun had warmed things. It took ages to prepare their food as they continued their marathon sexual escapade. They even spread their food over each other's genitals and ate off them. The remote controlled vibrator that they'd found got so much use that the batteries in it ran flat and they had no spares, Eva being grateful that the ones that she had bought had rechargeable batteries,
******
The next day started out with them being all over each other but that didn't last, there were still things that Eva wanted to re-arrange around the villa, she wanted a more brighter and less cluttered appearance and they spent most of the day doing just that.
Jason made a couple of trips to the rubbish bins near the main road and as it started to get dark Eva made a couple of trips, the difference being that Eva was naked and on her own. Each time she got back she was very aroused and got Jason to fuck her.
******
The day after that Eva got a phone call from Andrew Jones, the property management man, telling her that he'd found someone who could restore the Triumph Stag back to mint condition but the man would like to look at it to give her a price for doing the restoration. They arranged for him to visit them the next day.
As it was a warm day they also spent quite a bit of time walking and exploring out the back of the villa, Eva going totally naked. They discovered a road that went to the very small car park at the other end of the beach and followed it until the found themselves almost surrounded by apartment blocks. Eva was feeling brave and wanted to continue but Jason had a funny feeling that proved to be valid because as they were walking along a footpath alongside a parked van, Jason stopped Eva from moving as a police car drove passed.
They turned and headed back the other way. After passing the way back to the villa they came to some trees and shrubbery and as they walked along a muddy car track they saw a car parked in the trees and at the back of it was a man who was getting dressed in woman's clothes, complete with wig, suspenders and a bustier.
They kept walking and once they were out of hearing range they both burst out laughing.
"Would you ever dress as a woman Jason?" Eva asked.
"Fuck no, women's clothes are way too flimsy and fiddly for me."
"Would you like me to wear things like he was wearing?" Eva asked.
"No, easy on easy off, or better still, never on is my idea of what girls should wear."
"But don't you think that some women's dresses look amazing?"
"Yes, I bet that those dresses come off very easily."
"Probably true."
They found themselves in the bigger car park just up from the closed beach bar and started to head back to the villa and a car came into the car park and headed their way. It slowed down and drove at walking speed following them. They talked about it but didn't turn around to look.
Jason said that it was probably some sex starved man or voyeuristic pervert out on the chance that he'd see a naked girl and now that he has he's enjoying the sight of her cute little butt.
"So how can I show him my tits and pussy as well?"
"Good question. Do you remember seeing a big rock in the little car park that we'll get to if we keep walking?"
"I think so."
"Well if we go there and you get on that rock and spread them wide he might just get out of his car and pretend to go to the beach. That way he'll pass us and get a good look at your throbbing pussy."
"That sounds good but what if he doesn't follow us or get out of his car or pretend to go to the beach?"
"That's a chance we'll have to take. If he's a true perv he will."
"Okay, I hope he does."
"So do I, I like people looking at your pussy, especially if they are perverts. You'll probably make his day."
They did walk to the car park and the did find the rock. As they approached it they worked out how Eva could lay on her back on it, spread her legs so that he would get a good look as he approached them, all with Jason looking a different way but with the man in his peripheral vision.
Things didn't quite go according to plan. Yes Eva got on her back and spread her legs, and yes Jason did get in the right position and they could still talk to each other, and yes, the man did get out of his car and walk towards them, but instead of walking passed them to go to the beach he stopped about 3 metres from them and pretended to to be just looking towards the beach.
Jason told Eva what he was doing which made her get even more aroused, and when he was still there after 4 or 5 minutes Eva started doing kegel exercises so that he could see her pussy muscles contracting and relaxing.
"I'm going to cum if I keep doing this for much longer." Eva said after a couple of minutes.
"Then cum my darling, you'll probably make him cum too."
She did and Jason thought he saw the front of the man's light coloured trousers get a dark patch before he turned and walked back to his car.
When Jason told Eva that the man was leaving she told him that they needed to go into the bushes. They did and she orgasmed again, this time with Jason's cock pounding in and out of her.
They spent the rest of the day and evening catching up with their emails and social media.
That evening they decided to try a pizza delivery service that they'd found a leaflet for when they first got there. Eva gave the young man a pleasant surprise when she opened the door to him naked.
******
The next day again warmed up as the morning went on and when it did they went out and sunbathed by the pool, Eva wanting to work on her all-over tan. It was only by chance that Jason went for some drinks and he heard the doorbell.
"Shit, the Stag man." He thought and went to answer the door.
There were 2 men waiting.
"Hi, I'm Pete Ward and this is Diego, I'm told that you have a Triumph Stag that you are thinking about getting restored. Is that right?"
"No, err yes, it's not mine, it belongs to my girlfriend, hang on a sec I'll go and get her."
Jason went through the villa and told Eva who was there.
"Shit, I forgot about that. I hope that they don't mind me being like this?"
"I doubt it, what man could object to such a wonderful sight."
Both Pete Ward and Diego grinned as the naked Eva walked up to them to shake their hands.
"Sorry, I forgot the time, I'm Eva Calvert, you restore old cars then?"
"Some, it depends upon how much work is needed. Can I have a look at the old girl?"
"No, she died," Eva said not realising that he meant the car. "That's why I'm here."
Jason immediately realised that Eva didn't understand and he said,
"No Eva, not your aunt, the car. Cars are referred to as girls and the Stag is something like 50 years old."
"Oh, yes, I should have known that."
"That's okay," Jason said, "I'll get the garage key."
Jason left leafing Eva facing the 2 men and them doing what Eva wanted, looking at her.
Key in hand, Jason walked through the others and went and opened the garage doors.
"Hmm," Pete Ward said going into the garage, "lots of dust but her bodywork looks okay, and the tyres are still inflated. Let's have a look in the engine compartment."
As Pete opened the front up Jason put his arm round Eva and said,
"Yes, your bodywork looks okay."
Eva smiled.
"Face value, apart from the dust, everything looks okay under here, someone has disconnected the battery and even left the spanner that they used. I'll connect it up again and see if she fire up. Have you got a vacuum cleaner to get the dust off the seats, I don't really want to sit on that lot."
Both Jason and Eva went inside and Jason came back with the vacuum cleaner, followed shortly after by Eva with a bucket and water.
"Here, let me do that," Eva said, "it's my car."
Eva got on with using the vacuum whilst the 3 men just stood back and watched as she bent over wielding the nozzle all over, first the nearest seat, then bending over further to do the other seat. All 3 men getting a long look at her butt and pussy.
When she'd finished she stood and handed the vacuum to Jason then picked up the sponge and cloth and bent over to sponge the seats, steering wheel and dash. Again giving the 3 men another great view, Jason wondering if the other 2 had noticed that her pussy was much wetter and her clit had grown. He smiled and thought,
"She really is enjoying this."
Not being able to drag it out any longer, Eva stood and said,
"There you go Pete, that should keep your clothes clean."
Pete got in, put the key in the ignition and turned it one position.
"That's a good start, there's juice in the battery."
Jason immediately thought,
"And I know where else there's lot of juice."
Pete turned the key again and the engine attempted to fire-up, but didn't.
"Plenty of juice in the battery." Pete added.
Jason smiled and nodded his head.
Pete turned the key again and the engine burst into life. He got out of the car and just stood there for a few seconds then said,
"That sounds good, needs a bit of tuning but nothing sounds worn."
"That sounds like the sound that I remember then aunt Betty last visited us." Eva said.
"Listen to those cylinders firing, you never hear anything like that these days." Pete said.
"Beautiful." Jason added.
"Shall we see if it moves?" Pete asked.
"Sure." Eva replied.
Pete got back in and put it in first gear. Slowly letting the clutch out the engine reduced revs and Pete increased them with the throttle, then it moved. He drove it out onto the road then asked if he could drive it up and down the street.
Getting the nod from Eva the engine roared as the car moved away.
"Everyone will know when you're going out and coming back Eva." Jason said.
"Is that the noise that it's supposed to make?" Eva asked.
"Oh yes. In those days they made cars with very distinct engine noises. You knew what was coming down the street before you saw it. Not like today, and those damned electric cars, so damned dangerous."
The Stag re-appeared and pulled up in front of the villa.
"So far so good," Pete said, but I'd need to give it a good run to really tell."
"Take it." Eva said, "leave Diego and your van and go."
"One of you can come with me if you like."
"You go Jason." Eva said.
"No Eva, it's your car you should go."
"Well okay then."
Eva stepped over to the car and no one reminded her that she was naked. Jason knew that she knew because he watched her fasten the seat belt and there was no way that she could have forgotten that that she had no clothes on.
Off the car went and Diego walked back to the van and got it.
The car and the 2 occupants were gone for just over an hour before Jason heard the roar of the engine a good 10 seconds before the yellow car appeared.
Pete and Eva got out and came round to Jason who said,
"Verdict?"
"Well it runs well, the engine needs a little tuning and it definitely needs a good clean. Someone's done a lot of work on it already. If you decide to keep it I'd suggest that you get a good dust sheet to keep the dust out. I also suggest that it has a full service even though the service book that I found in the dash says that it only had one 200 miles ago. And you should get all the tyres checked. The rubber can go off in the heat that we get here in the summer. Oh, and I suggest that you get someone to go round the bodywork and check the underneath for any rot even though the top body work looks okay."
"So how much would you charge to do all that?"
"Difficult to put a price on it because I don't know what I might find but I'd be very surprised if the bill went above a thousand euros."
"And how much could I sell it for after all that has been done?" Eva asked.
"Probably somewhere between 15 and 20 thousand."
"And without the work done to it?"
"Somewhere between 10 and 15 thousand."
"Sounds like a no brainer to me." Eva replied.
There was a few seconds silence then Eva gave the reply that Jason wanted. Next they had to sort out the details, Eva saying that she didn't need the car until Easter which made Peter a little happier. They exchanged email address' and Peter got back in the Stag and drove off with Diego following in the van.
Back in the villa Eva said that she needed a shower as dust had blown into the car as they drove to Marbella and back.
"So Peter drove you round Marbella with you like that?"
"Yes, it was great watching peoples reactions when they saw me."
"Did Peter say anything about your lack of clothes?"
"Only that I wasn't the first naked girl that he'd driven around."
Jason had a shower with Eva and it took quite a long time.
Afterwards Eva asked Jason how long it took him to learn to drive.
"Five months."
"Well I need to get my test passed before Easter."
"Unless you bring someone who has already passed their test with them."
"Are you offering Jason?"
"Yes I am, but if Jade comes as well it's going to be interesting getting 3 people in that 2 seater car, the girl in the back may have to ride with her legs up in the air."
"That should be fun."
******
The rest of their holiday was taken up with them doing more of what they had already done and before long they were on the plane back to England and then the train to the university. As they went into the accommodation block Eva saw a parcel on the floor under her post box. Looking at it she saw that it was what she was expecting.
They'd just managed to get into their rooms when Jade came knocking on Eva's door.
"Wow. Look at you Eva, a suntan in the middle of winter, I assume that it's an all-over tan. Get those clothes off and give me a hug."
Eva stripped and they hugged. When they parted Eva pointed at the parcel and asked Jade to open it.
"What is it?"
"A late Christmas present for you, well half of it is."
"Hey girl, thank you, but just because you are loaded doesn't mean that you have to go buying your friends presents."
"I know, but we found something in the villa and I thought that we both needed one in England."
"Mysterious, thank you Eva."
Jade opened the parcel and looked at the 2 boxes.
"Is this what I think that it is?"
"Yep, think how much fun we can have controlling the other one's vibe anywhere, maybe in lectures or at the keep fit class. Maybe out in the lounge here in front of that pig Tom. He'll be pestering us all the time for the code so that he can control us."
"That alone would be worth all the embarrassment of you making me cum in the middle of a lecture."
"I'm going to give Jason the code for mine and it would be nice if you did as well Jade."
"You trust him don't you Eva?"
"Yes, he's been really nice to me these last 2 weeks."
"Do you love him?"
"Yes I do, but we're not getting together, that would be too much whilst we're here."
"Just good friends with benefits?"
"Yes, and you can be his good friend with benefits as well Jade, in fact I'd like you to be that, and I know that he'd like that as well."
"I guess that I could do that, he cute and nice and if you don't mind sharing him then I'm up for it."
"Good, we were hoping that you would say that. You can go and fuck him now if you want Jade."
"No, I'd rather get this thing working first, maybe later."
The 2 girls spent the next 30 minutes getting their vibrators working on their own and each others phones, causing each other to scream when they weren't expecting the other to switch theirs on; then making each other cum.
Then they went to see Jason and gave him the information that he needed to be able to control both vibrators. Jason told them that he'd setup his phone and that, if they left then in, they'd know when he'd got his phone setup.
Both girls went back to their own rooms then Eva put a dress on and went to the block's laundry room to wash her holiday clothes. She took her phone with her and applied for her provisional driving licence whilst she waited.
It was late that evening when Jade heard Eva scream then Eva heard Jade scream. Jason turned both vibrators up to full blast for 10 minutes before shutting the app down.
Neither girl orgasmed but both got pretty close.
******
The next day was the Monday that the courses started again and the girls and Jason went swimming on the evening. Both girls were pleased to see that all the other guys went as well and the groping games gave the girls plenty of pleasurable fun. The showers afterwards did as well, although both girls are going through quite a lot of shampoo and shower gel as the guys use both as an excuse to rub their hands all over the girl's bodies.
Both girls continued drying themselves then taking their hairbrushes to the mirrors and brushing and using the hairdryers before getting dressed. This extra, risky bit was added about the second time that they went swimming. The mirrors are next to the entrance / exit door and therefore gave the girls a chance of someone coming in and being confronted with the sight of the 2 naked girls.
Since they first started going swimming they must have been seen naked by a couple of dozen people going for a swim, and that excludes the guys that play the games in the water and showers.
******
On the Tuesday Eva only had one class and she decided to wear her vibrator and one of her ultra-short skirts and a top. She felt really good walking to the university with her slit on display with the pink antenna hanging down from her vagina. She'd set the phone app to give her random spells of gentle vibrations and she was feeling quite aroused even before she got to her class.
At the end of the class she had to go to the toilets to increase the vibrations and rub her clit to a very pleasurable orgasm.
After that she was feeling more daring and she walked back to the flat with it set on constant full blast. It may only have been half a mile but she had to stop 3 times and lean against something as she orgasmed each time. She didn't care that her body was jerking about but she did manage to resist putting her hand on her pussy which she desperately wanted to do.
Back at the flat Eva had to have a rest before going to get herself a drink and a snack. She was both pleased and disappointed to find Tom in the kitchen. He started off politely with asking her how her Christmas had gone. Of course no one had told him that her and Jason were going to Spain and he asked her if she had a suntanning machine at home.
Eva lied and said that her mother had one.
It took him until he went and sat at the table to see that Eva's vibrator antenna was hanging down from her pussy.
"What the fuck is that between your legs Eva? It can't be a dildo, you can take things a lot wider that that."
"It's a vibrator."
"It can't be that good, it's too thin."
Eva toyed with the idea of not telling him what it really was but she realised that she could tease him by showing it to him then putting it back in and giving him a demonstration.
Forgetting her snack for a while she went and got her phone then sat on one of the sofas and did just that, although she refused to give him her phone so that he could control the vibrator.
After he'd seen her body jumping about, her rubbing her clit and finally cumming, Tom told her that her demonstration would be a great addition at the next party.
Eva said nothing and although that sounded fun to Eva she was worried that someone would get hold of her phone, take control of her and drive her mad, literally. The other big worry was that someone would steal other information from her phone and just as bad, find a way to get the code needed for the app to control the vibrator. And all that was doubled when you take Jade into consideration because Eva knew that Jade would want the same pleasure.
Eva went back to getting her snack and thought about it, After a few minutes she smiled as she thought of the solution, give their phones to Jason and let him control them at the parties. Doing that Jason would not let things go too far and the other people, specifically Tom, would not realise that Jason also had the app on his phone.
That evening Eva discussed it with Jade and Jason and both agreed that it was a good idea.
That same evening Eva also went online and applied for her provisional driving licence hoping that it would arrive soon because she hadn't a lot of time to learn and pass her test. Then she looked at driving school websites and was pleased that some driving schools did multi-hour lessons for people who wanted to get their full licence quickly. She bookmarked a couple of schools to save time once her licence arrived.
Eva had a vision of her being sat beside a driving instructor with her skirt up around her waist. Then she decided that she'd keep that treat for the driving examiner.
Then she phoned her parents. It was her mother who answered and after a short conversation that started with, "Happy New Year", she asked to speak to her father and had a long conversation with him during which she asked him if he could keep a secret from her mother.
"Of course I can, I'll add it to the list of other secrets."
"Well dad, you know that mother's sister Betty died?"
"Yes, we didn't find out until after the funeral."
"Well aunt Betty left her villa in Spain to me."
"Oh sweetheart, I'm so pleased for you. I won't tell your mother. What are you going to do with it? Are you going to move to Spain? I can just see you on the beach in a cute little bikini, or knowing how you used to hate clothes, on nude beaches."
"I've got it all sorted out daddy, that was where I was at Christmas. I'm going to go there Christmas, Easter and Summer and the rest of the time it will be rented out. Hopefully the rent will cover the running costs and I'll have free holidays."
"Good for you Eva, you always were a sensible and organised girl. Don't worry, I won't tell your mother and I'll make up some excuse for you not being here at Easter."
"Thanks daddy, I love you."
They talked about a few other little things before Eva said goodbye then felt better knowing that her father knew her secret.
******
On the Thursday evening the keep fit classes started again. Neither girl wore their vibrators during the day or for the keep fit class but that didn't stop both of them having orgasms during the keep fit class. Don Little had made some changes to the obstacle course making it a bit more challenging, including making the class climbing the ropes twice and Eva wondered if he had made the changes to watch the girls orgasm more than once.
Of course both Eva and Jade slid down the knobbly rope with their pussies pressing against it and orgasming both times. A couple of the other girls realised what was happening to Eva and Jade and changed their way of sliding down.
The girl who wore her school PE skirt and polo shirt accidentally revealed to everyone that she was only wearing a tiny G string under the skirt and when she slid down the rope for the second time she too had an orgasm. Eva just happened to be nearby and the girl was in shock. As they stood at the bottom of the rope the blushing girl said,
"I've just, Ive just had an, an orgasm."
"So I saw." Eva replied.
"But how, why, I wasn't touching myself."
"No, but the rope was wasn't it?"
"Yes, but I didn't think that ..."
"And that G string, very thin isn't it? And it's wedged between your lips?"
"Well yes but how did you know?"
"I saw it."
"Oh."
"Relax, you weren't showing any more than I am in this leotard."
"It is a bit ..."
"Skimpy, see-through, yes, just how I like it."
"I could never wear anything like that."
"Why not?"
"I just couldn't."
"You'd be surprised at what you CAN do if you set your mind to it."
"I guess so."
"Come on you two," shouted Don Little. "get a move on."
At the end of the session Eva and Jade offered to help Don put the equipment away. When that was done they walked out of the gym and as the girls headed into the changing room Don again asked them to drop the latch on the door when they left.
Both girls went into the changing room and took their leotards off then went back out to the entrance and dropped the latch. Then they went back into the gym and had some totally naked fun before finally going to the showers then leaving.
******