We drove to the strip club and headed on in. The guy on the door looked at her appreciatively, and let us in without paying the cover charge.
I told her to go and find somewhere to sit while I got us a drink. She did her sexy walk off towards the booths overlooking the stage.
When I came back from the bar, she was in a secluded booth with some guys. Rachel was at the back of the booth, so the guys were on the ends. They shuffled around so I could sit next to her.
We chatted with them a little while, and then I said we needed to move around a bit so she could sit at the end.
Once we were there, she watched the dancers on the stage. The other girls were walking around topless, offering lap dances. A cute, young looking girl with big tits came past, and asked if any of the guys wanted a dance. Rachel looked interested in her, so I told her that Rachel wanted a dance. Rachel looked a little surprised, but I could tell by her hard nipples poking through her dress that she was already turned on.
The girl straddled her, facing away, and twerked her G-string covered butt at her, while the rest of them watched her pendulous tits bouncing around. When she stood up and turned around, Rachel told her to wait a second, and pulled the top of her dress down so her tits bounced out. The stripper smiled at this, and straddled Rachel, rubbing her tits in her face, then moving down to rub their tits together. She was grinding away on Rachel's lap when the song ended, and she seemed maybe a little reluctant to get up. Still, she took the money from me, and asked if anybody else wanted a dance. The guys didn't seem to, so she left us to it and kept walking.
Rachel pulled her top back up again, and we shuffled around the table so there was a guy next to Rachel at the end of the booth again. A girl came over and offered him a lap dance, and he accepted. We all watched.
"I'm fucking turned on," Rachel whispered in my ear. "I'd play with these guys in the bathroom, but I sense a line forming to have me suck off everybody in here."
I whispered in Rachel's ear "when she's done, you could jack him off."
"In the bathroom?" she asked.
"No," I said, "here."
"Where?" she asked, "the floor? That's gross."
"Over your dress," I said.
She shivered a little, "that'll make a mess."
"I know," I said.
Sure enough, when the dancer got up, Rachel leant over and whispered something in his ear. After everybody had shuffled around, he was still sat next to her. She unzipped his pants, and pulled his dick out. Licking her hand, she started jacking him. He put his arm around her, and I gave her a deep kiss while tweaking her closest nipple through her dress. I heard him say he was cumming, and she kept going until he unloaded over her dress by her upper leg. She put his dick away and zipped his pants back up.
The guy next to the one she'd jacked off had watched this happen and waved a stripper over and got a dance, and when she was finished everybody shuffled around so he could sit next to Rachel. She unzipped his pants to jack him off too. While Rachel jacked him off, the stripper was dancing for the guy at the other end of our booth. Luckily the stripper was dancing facing away from us, as they'd probably have a problem with what was going on. The guy she was jacking came across before the stripper was done.
The guy at the other end had finished with his lap dance, and we moved we him in between me and Rachel when he was done. As he'd been on the other side, he didn't know what to expect and was surprised when she opened his pants and pulled his dick out. I suggested she get her tits out for him to play with, and she grinned and pulled the top of her dress down. He was happily playing with her tits when he came across her lap.
I told the guy next to me what was going on, and asked if he wanted in on it. We swapped places so he could sit next to Rachel, and she opened his jeans and jacked him off over her dress.
After we'd been in there approaching an hour, Rachel said she was getting really horny and wanted to leave so we could have sex. She headed to the bathroom to swap her thong for a clean one, and then we headed out.