All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032,
The artist billionaire Henri Towns prided himself as someone who always got what he wanted. He was on a quest for a model: she had to be mature, over fifty years old, conservative, in a prestigious job, and conceivably the mother of male offspring. The woman he wanted never modeled before. Henri will convince the woman's husband to let her model for him because of his ability to provide a monetary reward the model couldn't refuse.
When Henri was on the prowl for a new model. He frequented high class restaurants for this purpose. On this occasion he was with his girlfriend named Monica who works with him in his studio. Who was also a model for him in the past. They were at the Delaney House in Holyoke.
Peter and Janice West just walked into the Delaney House. It was their date night; they continued this monthly event even after their sons left the nest. Peter at sixty-two made a comfortable living as an accountant with a prestigious firm, and Janice at sixty-one, was a striking beauty, who turned heads when she was dressed up. Janice was an officer of a hedge fund in the area.
When Janice entered the room Henri's model meter extended. By that I mean he got an erection! He pointed out Janice to Monica. "What do you think? Looks like she would be a good model." He verified.
"I think you like the challenge. Her dress is sexy but very conservative. She looks like an ad for Raymond James" Monica answered.
"We'll see what happens?" Henri stated and waited for the couple to be seated. He strolled over. "Hi there, My, name is Henri Towns, with all due respect sir, your daughter is a very striking woman." He directed his comment to Peter.
Peter was taken by surprise and Janice was beside herself with excitement to be thought of as her husband's daughter, being only a year younger than Peter.
"Hi, you're Henri Towns the artist? I've seen your work it's very good although risqué." Peter stated in awe and then continued. "This is my wife; Janice and my name is Peter."
"You're a lucky man to have such a striking lady as your wife." Henri explained with a perceived touch of envy for Peter, as he went over, took Janice's hand in his and kissed the back of it.
"Thank you, Sir. "I'm lucky to be married to Jan." Peter answered amazed at Henri's boldness and chivalry.
Janice was overwhelmed by the artist's actions. She giggled like a schoolgirl, but was tongue tied.
Meanwhile, Monica watched the interaction. "What a bullshit artist Henri is!" She thought with a smirk. "He will, get her pants off, and her legs spread, but it will take some doing before she capitulates. I can see it in the woman's expression of delight but standoffishness." She continued in thought.
"I am in Springfield for about six months to do studies of the ladies in the northeast. I have rented some space and a studio buildout is underway. I need a mature woman for a model and when I saw your striking beauty, I knew I would need you to model for me. I can pay you whatever you want to model, but I would need to have you do an audition for me, and I will pay you whatever you want, even if you decline my offer to model for me afterward." Henri directed his offer to Janice, while the stunned couple listened in surprise.
"No, you don't want me as a model, I am too old and very conservative." The light complexed, mature woman who stood five-foot, four inches, with light brown hair, hazel eyes, and a thirty-four E, twenty-four, thirty-six figure, said before Janice even knew what type of poses, he wanted.
"I think you should at least do the audition Janice. You never know you may like it." Peter said as his little head took over, thinking for the head on his shoulders. He had a boner when he thought of his wife naked and spread to be memorialized by the artist and anyone who views the artwork. He has seen the graphic works the artist does, and still wants his wife to be memorialized in this fashion.
"Here is my card and Peter if you could give me your number, I would appreciate it." Henri stated he wanted a way to get in touch with Peter. Henri could see the excitement on Peters face when he mentioned he wanted Janice to model. Peter gave Henri his business card. "Hope to hear from you." Henri said as he walked back to his lady.
As soon as the artist was out of earshot. "I am too old to model. I don't want you to contact him. Let him call you, if he is serious about me modeling, and then I'll decide if I want to do it." Janice explained in a panic.
Encouraged that Janice didn't positively say no, Peter asked. "So, if he calls and wants you to model, you will consider to model for him or at the very least audition for him? He said he will pay whatever you want."
"Well-I-will-maybe consider it. But I know he wasn't seriously considering me as a model." Janice hesitantly answered.
Meanwhile, Henri stated confidently. "Monica, the husband wants Janice to model I could see it in his actions. The wife was like a schoolgirl when I kissed the back of her hand and I believe she will take direction very well. I'm confident I will talk her out of her panties in due time."
"I know how you work; I believe you will have her naked and spread before she realizes she's nude, but you have to get her to audition first. That's what happened to me. I hope her husband has a bigger cock than you. I know I swooned over your equipment when I saw it wake up in your pants that day, when we did my photo shoot and I wanted to take it for a ride." Monica answered with admiration.
Janice and Peter dropped the subject of Janice as a model, and they went onto other topics. The couple had a wonderful meal, Janice was hopeful that Henri wouldn't call. Peter was excited about the prospect his wife would be a model for the well known artist who delt with erotic female photo art pieces and paintings.
The hour trip home was one of horny anticipation. Peter rubbed his wife's thigh under her skirt as he drove. She slid down and turned so he could reach her thigh up to her panty covered pussy.
"To have a well known artist approach me to model has turned me on, but I'm too conservative to model for someone as well known as him." Janice thought and was naive to his photo artwork she has only seen 'G' rated early works he has done.
Janice was in rare form she was turned on by the thought that Henri thought she could be a model, so when her husband said. "Take your panties off Janice, so I can do a proper job of exciting you." She complied to her husband's astonishment, she slipped off her panties and gave them to him. He could see she was very excited by the sexual scent emitted from her pussy when her panties were removed and the moisture at her panty crotch when he looked at her discarded undergarment. She spread her pussy as wide as she could in the confines of the front seat.
Peter really went to work on his wife's overheated box. He used four fingers as a dildo to stuff into her box and used his thumb on his right hand to rub her clit. It was a herculean task to fingerfuck his wife and keep the car on the road. It was a godsent they had dynamic cruise to keep the car in lane on the turnpike.
By the Westfield exit there came a loud. "IIIIII'MMMMMM, CCCCCUUUUUMMMMIIIIINNNGGG." And a contented smile as she lay there for a few minutes totally spread, with Peters fingers embedded to the hilt in her wet pussy.
He again started to pump into her pussy and by the time they reached the highest point of the pike she came again but it was a much-diminished orgasm. Janice had her third orgasm just before they exited in Lee.
"AAAAHHHH, OOOHHHHH IIIIIII'MMM CCCCCUUUUMMMIIIINNNGGG AAAAAGGGGGAAAAIIINNN!" This orgasm brought a scream it felt so good!
Peter needed some relief his pecker rubbed against his pants. Janice unzipped him wrestled her husband's pecker out of his pants and gave him a blow job on the way through Lee. Good thing it was late and in a slow travel area. Although it was a well-lit area. Peter almost lost control of the car when he blew his load down his wife's throat.
"That was amazing Janice thank you."After Pete recovered, he praised his wife's oral talents that she used on special occasions and only in their bedroom until today. This was a first for both of them!
Peter could see the embarrassed look on his wife's face as she commented. "Peter sometimes you bring the worst out in me. No self-respecting woman would do what I just did in public. Worst of all I enjoyed it!"
"Well why do you think you consented to the sex play today? Could it be you're turned on by being asked to model by a well-known artist?"
"I don't know but I need to keep some decorum because of my job. I don't think my employer would want me to model for Henri even though he's well-known." Janice expressed in a worried voice.
Both were satisfied for the time being. When they arrived home, they had a restful night and a great weekend. Although there was the elephant in the back of the room. "What if he calls!" Janice thought.
Over the next week Peter was hopeful the artist would call. Janice hoped she never heard from Henri again. Janice in her spare time looked up 'Artist Henry Towns'. She was flabbergasted at the type of photos and paintings that were on his site. The women were totally exposed, their genitals on view, but all the images although very graphic, had an innocent nature to them.
"He even has graphic photos of the woman who was in the restaurant with him. Monica was laid out bare in all her naked glory and nothing was left to the imagination." Janice thought as she scrolled through the artwork. "Do I have enough courage to model that way if asked." The shaken woman thought to herself. "I am surprised that I'm even considering taking my clothes off in front of others and let the world see my naked being." Janice thought shocked by her admission.
Time passed, it was a month since the couple's date night, and Janice became more confident that the artist found another model more suited for his erotic art pieces.
Peter called his wife at work on Friday: "Janice let's take-off this afternoon. I will meet you at home."
"Okay, I don't have any pressing issues here so I'll meet you at eleven thirty."
When Peter entered the house, he said. "About time for another date night we're going to the Longhorn in West Springfield. Put a dress on but dispense with your undergarments my dear."
Janice was surprised, Peter had never asked her to go commando before. "What brought this on Peter are you getting bored with me?" His wife asked concerned about this turn of events.
"I just thought it would be fun." Peter explained red faced.
"Fun for who? It would be embarrassing for me if someone noticed I was pantiless and braless or God forbid they got a look at my vagina or breast." Janice snapped at him with her reply.
"Sorry, do what you want to do." Peter answered downheartedly, as he left the room.
She went to their bedroom. Janice looked through her dresses, she felt guilty she snapped at Peter. To ease her guilt, she found a red dress that buttoned down the front. She put on the dress. There was a deep V in the back that went almost to her butt cheeks, but the dress covered her shoulders, and in front there was a tasteful amount of cleavage that showed she rationalized. "I can't wear a bra with this dress anyway." The dress was tight at the waist and her panty outline showed. "The dress would look better if I didn't wear any underwear and it would excite Peter." She thought with a smile which helped alleviate her guilt that she snapped at him.
As Janice walked down the hall to the living/kitchen area the sun shown in the skylight so that it gave the illusion of a halo around the woman. Peter was stunned when his wife walked to him. She looked like an angel! "I am so lucky to have a woman as gorgeous as you for my wife and smart also." He expressed his delight to his wife.
"Why thank you my love for the compliment, but you think I am also smart?" Janice answered and asked.
"Yes, very smart my dear! Look who you married." Peter remarked with a gotcha smile. He then looked closer at his wife's outfit. "You also took my advice and left your underwear in the lingerie drawer." He noted with excitement.
"I did but can you tell I am going out commando my dear?" she asked in embarrassment, as she felt cool air on her lady lips, and it reminded her she was one garment away from total nudity and also very excited by the dampness she felt on her lower lips.
"You look beautiful and very sexy my dear." Peter said as he went to her, gave her a kiss, and brought his hand up to her pussy to give it a few strokes. He found that she was excited, and her excitement threatened to run down her leg.
"Stop that or I will have a wet spot on the back of my dress." Janice explained embarrassed, as Peter had never wanted her to go out without undergarments before. Until today she wouldn't have done it, but for some reason it excited her.
The couple were in animated conversation on the hour drive to the Longhorn Steak House. Janice turned to her husband and leaned on the door. She impishly unbuttoned her dress. "The dress is too tight." She explained as she unbuttoned the bottom of the dress to her waist.
Peter glanced over. "I have a wonderful view of heaven my dear."
"Now is this better then?" She asked as she playfully opened her pussy with two fingers to show pink.
"Stop that Janice I have such a boner I don't have enough skin left to close my eyes." Peter answered as they both laughed.
As they entered the Pike in Lee. Peter put on the dynamic cruise and divided his attention between the road ahead and his wife's manipulation of her pussy. Janice started to play with her pussy in earnest. She used two fingers to pump into her pussy and one finger on the other hand to rub her clit.
The woman surprised herself how wanton she has become to play with her pussy in public and in front of her husband, a first for both. Peter didn't complain, he just watched in surprised excitement. If they were in a rut, this was one way to get out of it. The couple tried something new that made their relationship hot again.
"IIIIIIIIIII'MMMMM, CCCCCCUUUUUMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGG!" She cried and laid back with a satisfied smile on her face. The SUV smelled of excited female, and this caused Peter to have a hard problem in his pants.
Janice relaxed for the remainder of the trip, her pussy on show, while Peter had a hard problem in his pants that caused him 'peter irritation'. Peter pulled into the dining establishment. Janice absentmindedly left her dress unbuttoned but Peter didn't mention it to her. He opened the door and got a shot at her red engorged pussy with light brown hair as she exited the vehicle. They walked arm in arm to the hostess station where Peter gave their name and were seated immediately.
The server came to get their beverage order. He noticed that Janice was not wearing any undergarments, because he could see her pubic area, so he took his time as he took their order. He perv-ed on the nearly naked woman! It was extremely rare to have a woman so comfortable with her body to show her intimate area in a public place. Add to that when the server left, low-and-behold in walked Henri and Monica.
"Hi all, we were in the neighborhood and thought we would stop here." Henri said. "Seeing you guys are here also if we can sit with you, I'll buy." He explained as he eyed the half-naked Janice with excitement. "She will model for me eventually." He thought as he looked over the nearly naked older woman. "She only has on a dress! I'm getting to her. She's one garment away from nakedness." He thought with a smile.
Janice realized with embarrassment, she was on show, so she buttoned down to her knees. Janice looked over at Monica and noted that Monica was nude under her dress also, as the light through the dress silhouetted her naked form.
"Yes, you can sit with us, but how did you know we were here?" Peter asked.
"Well buddy I called your office to talk to you. Your secretary said you left early. I figured it was a month since we saw you last. I figured it was date night with your wife. When I enquired where, your secretary told me she made reservations here, so here we are." Henri explained gayly.
"I bet you feel lucky that Henri is such a good detective Janice." Monica laughed.
"Yes, lucky us!" Janice answered downheartedly.
"Well at least you will get a free meal with fun people. Look at the bright side Janice." Monica stated.
"I guess you're right Monica." Janice looked at Monica's outfit. "Looks like the only garment you have on is your dress."
"Yes, in the summer, I dress comfortably. As I see you do also."
"This is only the second time I went commando in public, Monica." Janice whispered.
"Isn't it exciting to be all but nude in public, Jan."
"More like terrifying, Monica."
"Jan don't worry you'll get used to it. I was like that before I met Henri, now I enjoy the exposure."
"That may be true, but I don't think my employer would appreciate me posing for Henri."
"Jan that's what I thought but my employer loved it when I modeled for Henri. I was the secretary for the superintendent of schools. Because I modeled the district built a new High School with a grant from Henri's educational foundation. They were very happy with me, but I received an offer from Henri I couldn't refuse, so here I am."
The server brought the beverages to Peter and Jan. "What would you like Mr. Towns and Monica?" The server asked as he recognized the Artist and his lady.
They ordered and after the server left Henri asked. "Janice, have you given any more thought to my proposal to pose for me?"
"Yes, I have Henri, being that we live in a small city, and I am well known in the area I have to respectfully decline your generous offer." Janice stated as tactfully as she could and gave her husband the look that said stay out of it.
"Okay suit yourself Jan, I will not beg you to model for me." Henri said with a smirk and the subject was dropped. From then on it was lighthearted conversation and after the meal Henri paid and the couple left.
"See that Peter, there was nothing to it. I stood my ground and Henri backed down." Janice said with pride.
"Well looks like that one got away Henri." Monica said with a smirk. "Looks like she outfoxed you."
"Yes, it does, doesn't it. Henri said without any other comment and the subject was dropped.
Henri stripped Monica in the limo as the driver looked in the rearview mirror. He had her spread, and his fingers were doing their magic on her box. The moans became louder as Monica got closer to her orgasm. The high-pitched scream signaled she went over the edge into a full-blown orgasm. She rested for the remainder of the trip with her legs spread and her fingers rubbing the lips of her pussy. To the delight of both men.
Janice was so excited she backed down Henri that she stripped off her dress and rode nude on the pike and route twenty to their home in Pittsfield. She orgasmed twice on the way home while her husband watched in fascination. "Dynamic cruise control is a god sent." Peter thought.
There were no outstanding developments for a while until Henri approached the mayor of Pittsfield about a grant from his organization for fifty million dollars, but the city council needed to pass an ordinance that allowed (clothed male naked female) CMNF situations, they were acceptable in an office setting and public places where children didn't have access. The ordinance was passed with the proper legal notice, but little fanfare!
It was eight weeks after Janice refused to model for Henri that he called Peter. "I have a proposal for you, my friend. I will have you do all my CPA work, but your wife has to be nude when I meet with you. Furthermore, I want to see your three sons examine your wife. Think about it, I will get back to you in a couple of days."
After Peter completed the call with Henri, Peter went online to figure out what Henri was worth. When he found Henri's bio. "Oh, my lord, his worth is three hundred and seventy-billion dollars conservatively it stated. If I could land this, I would get a big raise." He thought.
Peter went home in a daze. Janice just came home from the gym. "Peter, you look like you've seen a ghost, want to talk about it?"
"Yes, but not here let's go to Zucchini's, my treat."
"Okay, but I want to shower first as I just got back from the gym." Janice said as she stripped out of her clothes to go to their bedroom.
Peter followed her and picked up her garments as he went. He went into their bath and watched his wife shower. "She is a beautiful woman, but so shy. How can I get her to be more outgoing" He thought 'which means how can he get her to be nude in front of other people'.
Janice exited the shower and saw her husband look intently at her. "What's the matter? It looks like you're staring right through me!"
"You're so beautiful naked, it's a shame to cover your beautiful body." Her husband expressed with reverence.
"Heni contacted you today didn't he." Janice commented as Peter dried his wife's back. He turned red, which confirmed her suspicions. "So, what did he say, Peter?"
"Put on a dress and we'll go to dinner." Peter said without an answer to her question.
There was a blue dress on the bed, it went to just below her knees, and buttoned in front from the waist up, it was modest, but made of a light material. Janice went to her garment drawer. "I want you to just put on the dress my dear, the undergarments detract from your beauty." His wife looked at him and there was reverence in his eyes.
"Okay, my dear for you I will do this, but we need to talk." Janice said as she slipped on the dress and donned a pair of blue shoes to match her outfit. The dress fit her snug at the waist but flared out at the skirt part, the top was loose so when she bent down if she wasn't careful her boobs would be exposed to anyone above her. IE the servers.
It was a quiet two-minute ride to the restaurant. Peter jumped out to open the door for his wife. They walked arm-in-arm to the hostess station and were seated immediately in an end booth. His wife slid in, and Peter sat next to her. A tall young server came over for their beverage order and noted that he had a perfect view of the older woman's breasts from his vantage point. He had a smile from ear to ear. After they ordered he walked over to another server and whispered something to him.
"Okay Peter when did Henri call you and what did he say."
"He wants me to be his accountant." Peter said with his face red.
"Okay Mr. West what is the rest of the story?" Janice asked with suspicion that it wasn't the whole truth.
"He's worth about Three hundred and seventy billion dollars. He wants me to be his accountant." Peters face was red and his hands sweating.
"And that's why you're in such turmoil to tell me this. I don't think you told me the rest of the story yet?" Janice said, Peter could see she was aggravated with his avoidance of the truth.
"Damn I'm an open book to Janice." He thought. "Best just lay it out there for her and get it over with."
"The hook is Henri wants you nude when he meets with me, and he wants to watch our sons examine you." He whispered to her.
"No way, are you crazy even to entertain something like that, you should have said no right away." She screeched louder than she thought as everyone turned to look at the couple.
"Okay, I will call Henri tomorrow to tell him I'm not interested." The conversation was dropped.
Happy that Peter didn't cause a fuss, Janice let him rub his hand on her thigh and she spread her legs for easy access to her honey pot while she looked around to make sure they were not watched by other dinners. The scent around them when you came close to the booth indicated Janice was excited.
Another server brought their drinks. He noted the sexual scent at the booth and noted the man had his hand on the older woman's thigh under her dress. He was more interested in a look at the woman's breasts, but wasn't as tall, so he had to move closer, to look down her bodice to see her breasts. Janice looked over and accommodated the young man. She bent forward! When he looked at her, and saw the smile on her face, he turned red, and left with his head down. He knew he was caught. The original server came back to take their order and Janice accommodated him so that he could see her breast included were her erect nipples by this time. This game made her horny and Peter reaped the reward.
Janice was ecstatic that she foiled another attempt by Henri to get her naked. This made her more excited, and she let her husband play with her pussy while they waited for their meal. She pulled her dress up and sat on the cushion of the booth so she wouldn't have a wet spot on her dress when she got up. Their meals came in the nick of time or Janice would have had a loud orgasm in public, but she was now extremely horny.
It was very difficult for Peter to eat as his wife continued to grab his right hand to put it on her pussy and he was not ambidextrous, so he looked like he had a problem mentally as he ate, because he was right-handed. His right hand was busy diddling his wife's pussy.
When they finished dinner, Peter paid, and the couple walked out of the establishment arm-in-arm. He chivalrously opened the car door for his wife, and she honored him with a look at her engorged pussy as she entered the vehicle.
"I don't want to go home yet, let's go for a ride like we used to do." Janice said.
It was odd that Janice wanted to drive around, but Peter said. "Sounds like a great Idea we haven't done that in a long time." He pointed their SUV north on route seven passed the lake toward Vermont.
Janice giggled and said. "I'm getting warm." She stripped off her dress and rode nude to Peter's amazement, but he didn't say anything as he didn't want to break the mood.
She leaned against the door, spread her legs, then Janice asked. "Do you really want me to model for Henri? Tell me the truth Peter!"
Peter was mesmerized by the sight of his wife spread out in the car. He had trouble with the control of the vehicle and the view of his naked wife by his side totally exposed for his voyeuristic pleasure. "I would love to see you model for Henri, have your image out there, but I don't know what other people would think? You're too precious to me to have you scandalized because of the nudity. What do you think my dear?"
"I would do it for you, but isn't it illegal to be nude in public in this city?" Jan asked as she didn't know about the change in rules yet.
"Good point I will check that out at some point." He then settled down to drive and watch his wife diddle her pussy which caused him a hard problem in his pants.
"IIIII'MMM CUUUUMMMIIINNNGGG!" Jan screamed and her orgasm escaped her box and coated the seat. It was difficult to see her pussy in the twilight.
They were in Vermont on their way to New York on route three thirteen. It was dusk when Jan noted a sign that signified a rest area. It was off to the left and large at the base of a mountain. "Pull into the rest area Peter."
Peter turned into the rest area not sure what his wife had in mind. "Hopefully she will be willing to take care of my hard problem." He thought as he pulled into the area as far off the road as he could.
Jan reached over and unbuckled her husband's belt, unzipped his pants, and struggled to pull them with his shorts all the way off. She threw them in the back seat. "Move your seat all the way back like we did when we were dating." Janice giggled as she straddled him and plugged herself in for a horsey ride to orgasm.
After the successful completion of the act, Janice sat back in her seat satisfied, Peter had a smile from ear to ear as he thought. "My wife doesn't have to model for Henri just the thought brought on a wonderful union tonight."
The next day Peter called Henri and informed him that he couldn't take him as a client with the stipulation Henri insisted upon.
After Henri hung up with Peter, Henri called Janice's boss. When Henri connected with him on the phone he said. "Hi Carl, I talked to you a few weeks ago. I have Five hundred and fifty million to invest and I want Janice to be my contact person. She will have to be nude during all our transactions if you want my investment." Henri, in frustration, came right to the point.
"I will set up a meeting for you with her to explain your request." Carl stuttered.
"Don't bother setting the meeting up unless you can guarantee Mrs. Ward will attend it nude with you." Henri nearly shouted and hung up.
Meanwhile, Peter received a message from his boss Bill Sturn's. "I need to talk with you."
Peter went to his office. "What's up Bill?"
"I just received notice that Henri Towns wants us to be his accountant with you as lead, and you turned him down. Why?" Bill said in an aggravated voice.
"Well, there were stipulations that he put on us becoming his Accountant that I didn't like." Peter explained.
Will Peter explain to his boss the challenge? What will Janice's boss do? Will Henri get Janice's panties off and will she spread for photos? Let me know if you want to know what happens!
A good review will tell me you want me to continue!
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica