None of the characters in this story are under the age of 18! Far from it! I suppose it could have been posted in "Mature" or "BDSM" but the dominant theme is m/m. The names have been changed to protect the guilty except for the characters who don't really exist. The men in this story are risking their health and their marriages; the ones that are married that is. The locations of this story are entirely fictional except for actually starting on a golf course. Every one of my stories is based on at least one kernel of truth and then I just let the characters take over. In this case "Mary Beth" has helped "Joe" with his slice and his handicap has dropped three strokes so far!
*****
I retired two summers ago. For the first time in about forty years my wife and I were free to do anything or go anywhere we wanted. We spent the fall catching up on chores around the house and then entertained family at the holidays but our ultimate goal was to move permanently to North Carolina. Our friends and family teased us about becoming "soft snow birds" but I'm sure most of them were jealous.
The community we chose was not the most expensive or exclusive but they did offer comfortable, semi spacious apartments and a variety of activities for singles and couples and most importantly, for me anyway, golf. My wife Sharon does not play; she seems to have no interest and I don't encourage her. A guy needs to get away from his wife once in a while after all!
I am not gay. I know; lots of guys start their stories like that. I do freely admit to being "bi" in the sense that I have developed a desire to be a cock sucker. So, just what's the difference you ask? I am not trying to develop a relationship other than being a cock sucker! I'm not interested in a lifestyle change just giving a guy something he can't get at home. And well, not really freely but at least here on Lit. because some of you might like to know how I came to satisfy the "gay" half of my bisexual side. You see, besides one or two encounters in college and another in the Army I've been straight, at least physically since I married Sharon. Mentally I've been cruising gay web sites since I got my first computer over twenty years ago.
I can't even begin to even estimate how many "first time stories" I've read. Guys meeting on business trips, in bars, at adult book stores, at the gym, you name it and odds are I've read it and quite often ended up with a "happy ending." Those "first time" fantasies and my second favorite, reading and writing CFNM stories have composed the majority of my sex life ever since Sharon started going through her "change of life" problems. Her problems became my problem and my interest in oral sex with a man kicked into a higher gear.
The problem, of course, as those of you who are still married can attest is two fold; safety and security. Safety speaks for itself; a guy who is disease free and discrete. Security means free to engage without fear of discovery; code word being "host." Either I have a place or you have one where we won't be bothered. The stories about truck stops, book stores, restrooms, parks or any place that is not one hundred percent secure are exciting to read but insane in practice.
So, all that as prelude gets me to the point. The plan I came up with to meet like minded guys! It was simple really, an ad on Craigslist! But not the usual description and offer and demand for pictures or your response will be deleted kind of ad. My ad was a statement of fact and an invitation to learn more!
"I suck at golf! 60+ MWM. Reply for details."
If you were in North Carolina in late April and you saw this ad and responded this is what you would have learned:
"Hi! Thanks for responding. I don't post pictures and don't expect you to. I don't really suck at golf either but I'd like to after a round if we can work out the details. I will be on the putting green at _________ (there were about fifty courses that had reciprocal agreements with my home course so over time I'd visit multiple courses). I will be wearing a pink CSU hat and shirt and practicing with pink balls. If you don't like what you see just ignore me and go about your business. If you want to introduce yourself start practicing with a pair of blue balls. If I like what I see I'll say, "It must be uncomfortable playing with blue balls." You reply, "It's my wife's fault!" We'll both know what we expect and we can sort out the details from there."
I thought my plan was ingenious. First, there was plausible deniability. Second, I'd be meeting prospective partners in a very public place. Third, either one of us could back out at any step along the way. It was perfect! And it did work perfectly. Not every time of course, but it did work! At first the problem was a lack of place but that problem was solved eventually when I met "Henry" (all names are fictional and don't represent any real person, yada yada yada...). Henry is a widower and after the second time I sucked him off he offered to let me bring guys who couldn't host back to his place with one condition: bring a six pack of beer. I was determined that Henry would never run out of beer and besides, that meant that I could look forward to a "twofer" with every hookup that didn't have his own place!
At other times things just fell through. Some guys just weren't comfortable going to a strange guy's house with someone they'd just met for a BJ. I always respected their decision because, well, Henry was just a six pack away!
By the end of May I was taking guys to Henry's place about twice a week; more if I was lucky. Henry was the perfect host. He would let us use his bedroom if my newbie was shy but if he was game Henry would join in. Henry was truly versatile. I experienced my first man to man kiss over the tip of another guys cock! Joe was going nuts at having two guys sucking him at the same time and eventually Henry's tongue just met mine. Henry grabbed my cock and I grabbed his and we just went to town on the other guys cock. He must have liked it because he got weak in the knees and kept groaning until he spilled his seed.
Sometimes I would suggest a quick nine holes to get to know each other better; after all, you get to know a guy's character on the golf course. If he plays by the rules on the golf course you can almost bet that he will honor any limits that you might set. But, you might say; he's cheating on his wife. That's true, but if you know why you can establish an alternate form of morality. Hasn't she broken the agreement by withholding sex? Ok, that's a rationalization but my best source of partners, better than divorced and widowed men, is men living in a sexless relationship. Those divorced and widowed guys are gobbled up by widows who have suddenly discovered that there still is call for what nature gave them.
The first week of June things took an interesting turn. I had just met a new prospect; let's call him "Sam." A guy that I'd blown at Henry's the previous week approached; in fact that was "Joe." Sam didn't see Joe but Joe could see that I was in the middle of meeting Sam for the first time. Gentleman that he is Joe gave me a knowing look but then backed off and gave us some space. Sam and I talked for a few minutes and decided to play a quick nine. At the starters shed we were told that because of how busy it was we would be paired up with one or two other golfers. Joe was right behind us so the starter introduced us and sent us to the first tee. We engaged in the usual small talk while we waited for the three foursomes ahead of us to tee off.
I was a little uncomfortable because even though I knew that Sam and Joe both knew and Joe knew that Sam knew too but Joe didn't know if Sam knew what Joe knew too and I wasn't sure if Joe would mess things up with Sam. At least I think that was my concern. Things didn't really start to get complicated until just before our turn to tee off. The starter arrived with a woman in a golf cart. She was seventy if she was a day.
"Gentlemen, this is Mrs. Cohan, she'll be your fourth this morning!"
"Good Morning, boys!" She greeted us pleasantly with a hint of an Irish brogue; I'll be sixty-nine myself in three months so being called a "boy" seems a little incongruous. "It's a fine day for golf and I own this lovely cart which I don't mind sharing if one of you would care to join me."
"That's kind of you, ma'am!" Joe said as he tipped his cap. "I don't mind if I do."
"Then you'll be calling me Mary Beth," she said as she smiled sweetly, "I prefer not to be so formal on the golf course, you don't mind do you?"
"Of course not, ma'am, I mean, Mary Beth." Joe answered. "My name is Joseph, but everyone calls me Joe. These chaps are Fred and Sam. I've only just met them myself." Joe winked conspiratorially at me as Sam shook Mary Beth's hand.
"Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mary Beth." I said as I tipped my cap.
Mary Beth was the last to tee off. She was the picture of refinement as she addressed the ball. Her skirt went half way from her knee to her ankle and her opaque stockings covered her legs. Her blouse was light weight but long-sleeved. Her straw hat was better designed for gardening than golf. The entire outfit was white except for a navy blue ribbon that gathered the blouse at her throat, a navy blue belt and the navy blue "saddle" of her golf shoes. She was all of ninety pounds, maybe. Her drive split the middle of the fairway and traveled about a hundred and fifty yards. Her next two shots were equally non-descript but she was on the green in three and two putted for a bogey! The rest of the round was like that. We out drove her, she out played us. Watching her play was a lesson in course management.
On the ninth tee she suggested a friendly wager. Loser buys a round of beer. As it happens the ninth is a short par three but it's not as easy as it looks. It has a kidney shaped green that has two target areas. The closer of the two is in front on the left and the other bigger area is in back on the right. There is a small sand trap by the right middle of the green and a creek that guards the entire front of the green. There is a very deep sand trap that is hidden behind the entire back side of the green. Mary Beth's drive seemed to be guided by GPS! It landed about six feet on the lower left front and rolled towards the back of the green curling to the right and stopping about six feet from the pin. "It looks like one of you is buying the refreshments!" She said gaily as she covered her driver and put it back in the bag.
As we passed the starters shed he greeted Mary Beth. "How did you do today, Mrs. Cohan?"
"Not bad, Charlie, but I haven't been feeling too well recently."
"She shot a forty-two, for heaven's sake!" Sam whispered. "I wonder how she plays if she feels good?"
A few minutes later we were seated in a corner of the club house by some windows overlooking the practice green. When the waiter delivered the beers Mary Beth took over the conversation. "Do you gentlemen believe that women can read minds?"
"It seems like it!" Joe admitted and the rest of us agreed. "What makes you ask that?"
"Let's give it a try, why don't we?" She smiled sweetly as she continued. "All three of you are thinking about two things; first is where did this lady learn to play golf like that, and the second is: When will the old hag leave us alone so we can get down to business."
"Mrs. Cohan!" Sam exclaimed. "I'd never call you an old hag!"
"Of course not, my dear, at least not to my face. I admit to looking a bit worse for the wear but that is the result of spending more hours than I care to admit playing golf. I played golf on my high school and college teams and for a brief time was even on the tour. Marriage and children ended that but once the children were grown I was a teaching pro until I retired five years ago. By the way, I still give private lessons if you're interested. That explains my golf game, now for the second part."
Mary Beth leaned in and continued in a soft voice. "I know why you three are meeting here today."
Sam objected, "I don't know what you mean, Mrs. Cohan! I just met Fred today and I never knew Joe before today either."
"That's true Sam, I believe you! But Joe and Fred met last week didn't you boys?" Mary Beth asked as she looked at Joe and me with that smile women wear when they know they have cornered you.
"Yes, ma'am, I mean Mary Beth, but I don't know what you are talking about." Joe still maintained his innocence.
"Then let me elaborate. About three years ago my husband died. We'd been married almost forty years and I still miss him. I read an article about a couple who answered an ad on the internet and were robbed when they went to see the item they were tying to buy. I checked out some of these web sites. From there I noticed the personals section and I was shocked at how many men and women were seeking partners for all kinds of nasty things. I couldn't believe what I was reading but I was fascinated. I couldn't resist looking up those ads almost every day. I noticed a pattern. Many of the same people were posting on a regular basis. That is when your ad came to my attention, Fred."
"Is that so?"
"Yes, my dear, it is!" She smiled sweetly. "That is how I know what you like to do!"
"Oh..." I looked down at my empty beer glass, embarrassed.
"I'm not here to judge you, Fred. Let me finish my story." She looked up and caught the waiter's eye. "Bring us another round, please!"
"You're just one surprise after another, Mary Beth." Joe exclaimed.
"I hope so, Joe, I really do." She looked him in the eye seriously. "I want to be friends with all of you." She smiled sweetly and patted Joe on his hand.
The waiter delivered the second round and she continued, "I answered your ad, Fred. If you don't believe me just check your received file and look for 'mbcohan.' I said my name was 'Bill' and you sent me the information on how to hook up with you. I even used two blue balls on the practice green but I guess you didn't expect to meet an old lady."
"I should say not!" I agreed.
"Anyway," she continued, "over the last three weeks I've come to the course the day after you've posted. I've seen you meet five or six men and at least one besides Joe has come back for more. By the way, Sam, if you have been concerned about being able to trust Fred I'd say that should answer your question. Joe met Fred a few days ago and he is no worse for the wear! Wouldn't you agree, Joe?"
Joe's face turned beet red. "Yes." He admitted.
Sam looked concerned, like a young boy who'd just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar and he's afraid he's going to be punished. "Mary Beth, what is it you want?"
Mary Beth leaned a crossed the table and put her hand over Sam's. "Don't worry Sam; I'm not interested in hurting you boys in any way, far from it! In fact, if any one of you wants me to leave and never see you again I'll get up right now but before I do please let me explain,"
"Go on." Joe said looking first at me and then at Sam.
I nodded my approval and Sam said, "Please, continue."
Mary Beth looked at each of us in turn and smiled a knowing smile, I'm sure she knew she had set the hook and we were already under her spell. I met my husband, William, in college. We were both on the golf team. As it turned out I was much better than he and my competitive career lasted for about three years after we both graduated. As is often the case in women's athletics I had a crush on one of the ladies on the team. She was a junior when I was a freshman. We often roomed together on road trips and, well, let's just say we were never cold at night. When she graduated my new roommate was another classmate. For the next two years we were roommates both at school and on the road. I became very close with both of those girls, closer than just good friends. We were lovers as well as friends; both of them were in my wedding party and me theirs! We all loved our husbands but there was a special bond that isn't hard to explain really."
"What does that have to do with us?" Sam interrupted.
"Patience, Sam, I'm getting to that part." She continued. "I didn't know it at the time but Bill, my husband, was developing a similar interest at the same time. It seems that there was a kind of hazing that went on with the men's team. In the locker room the freshmen were sort of like servants to the varsity members of the team. They cleaned the clubs, polished the shoes, anything the varsity wanted. They were punished with a paddling if they broke any of the rules, and they always broke rules. When Bill was a sophomore he was eligible to play on the varsity but in order to earn a place on the team he had to challenge a player already on the team. The winner won a spot on the team and the right to challenge for the highest ranking on the team."
"That's all well and good; Mary Beth, but I don't see the connection." Joe complained.
Mary Beth smiled. "You will, Joe, you will. There was a secret unwritten rule that kept most underclassmen from challenging until they were sure they could win. The loser of the match had to give the winner a BJ."
"Really?" Joe's eyes were as big as saucers. "I'd have never guessed any of those studs would do that!"
"I never guessed either until we went back to school for a reunion." She continued, "It was late in the evening after the team dinner when Bill and I were having a nightcap in the hotel bar with Alicia and her husband Rob. Alicia was my first crush and the first girl that I slept with. After one too many drinks she asked me, "Did you know about the little side bets the boys had in their challenge matches?"
Her husband tried to stop her but she was determined. "It's alright, Robby boy, I think Mary Beth would like to know! In fact, you wanna make a bet!" Her speech was a little slurred and a little loud but she knew what she was doing.
"Alicia, please, you're making a scene." Rob tried to stop her.
"Robby, dear," she looked at him through half drunk eyes, "you are such an ass! There's no one else in the bar!" She turned to my husband Bill. "It gets better, Bill, I'll bet you don't know what a great muff diver your wife is!"
He looked over at me but I wouldn't look him in the eye. "Is that true?" He asked.
Alicia stood up. "Let's go to our room, Rob, these two need to talk." She leaned over and kissed me full on the lips while she squeezed my breast. "We'll be waiting if you're interested." She turned to Bill and said as she grabbed his crotch. "It feels like little Bill is interested, is he Bill?"
They left the bar and Bill and I spent the next half hour apologizing for keeping secrets and confessing our past sins as well as our current deeply abiding love. Finally I asked the question that was on both our minds. "Do you want to go to their room?"
"Will you be upset if you see me sucking Rob's cock?" Bill asked candidly and with genuine concern but I could tell he wanted to do it. That he was missing something in his life and that things could be re-energized in our marriage if we did go to their room.
"Will you be upset watching me eating Alicia's pussy? I answered bluntly because I was excited; my panties were wetter than they'd been in years."
"That would be so... hot!" He whispered.
"Then it's agreed, the family that plays together stays together." I smiled as I took his hand and led him to the elevator. "We had a great night after that. Bill sucked Rob for a while as Alicia and I made out and watched them. Then Rob fucked Alicia while I ate her pussy and Bill fucked me and ate his own cream pie. From then on we got together four times a year until Bill died."
"I'm so sorry you lost your husband." I said sympathetically.
Mary Beth looked at each of us in turn. We were speechless. "That's my story in a nutshell, boys! I confess that it turns this old lady on to watch a guy suck cock! But it's still up to you." She finished her beer and pushed a piece of paper over to me with her address and phone number. "I'll be waiting... By the way, Joe, I'll bet you I can cure that nasty slice of yours!" She turned and walked away as we sat in silence. She never looked back.
Joe stared as the doors to the bar closed behind her. "Nice ass for an old lady!" He observed, suddenly aware that she was after all an attractive, sexy woman.
"Aaa, yah." Sam agreed.
"I'm really sorry, guys." I apologized sincerely. "I never intended for this plan to backfire like this. I guess I should have known there were potential problems."
"Are you married, Joe?" Sam asked.
"Yeah." He admitted.
"Me too, I added.
"What if my wife found out?" Sam continued.
"What if she found you were meeting me to get your cock sucked, you idiot! Would that be better or worse for you?"
"Good point." Sam admitted.
"She does have a nice ass." Joe restated. I could tell he was in favor of going to her house. "And, she did say she could help cure my slice." Joe chuckled as if he needed an excuse besides letting a woman watch as he got a toe curling blow job.
"I agree about that ass." I responded. "Did you guys notice how limber she is, she hardly bent her knees when she retrieved her ball after holing out!"
Joe continued, "I hate to admit it guys but I did find myself wondering what was under that long sleeved blouse and calf length skirt. She's a little wrinkled around the eye and lips but then I'm getting there and I'm at least fifteen years younger!" I knew that if we'd have voted at that moment Joe was all in.
I looked at Sam. "What do you say? Would you like to let her watch while I give little Sam a good tongue bath?"
"I don't know." Sam replied reluctantly. "I've never done anything like this before! It took me five weeks after reading your post to get the courage to respond. And now, before I'm even a little comfortable with the idea of getting naked with another man I've got to absorb this?"
"You really are a virgin, aren't you?" Joe asked. Sam nodded and blushed but grinned.
"In for a penny, in for a pound!" Joe said. "I'm in."
"Me too." I said as I stood up. "What about you, Sam?"
Sam didn't say anything but he finished his beer and followed us towards the door. We were outside the bar collecting our clubs when Joe said, "Don't leave without me guys, I've got to make a pit stop."
"Good thinking," Sam agreed and we followed Joe to the locker room. We were all draining our bladders when Joe suggested we take just one car to Mary Beth's so as not to make a scene. So that's what we did. It was a short drive to Mary Beth's, less than the mile and a half we had just walked around the golf course. Our first surprise was when we were stopped at a guard house and asked who we were visiting. The guard was polite, checked his clip board, asked for our names and waved us through saying "Mrs. Cohan is expecting you."
Our second surprise was the brick wall and wrought iron gate that guarded her home. Joe was opening his window to use the intercom when the gate started to move. Once inside the gate we approached the house on a fairly large circular drive. Sam declared, "I guess we needn't have worried about parking!"
"I should say not!" I agreed. The home itself was large, very large especially by retirement community standards. The center section was two stories, all stone and brick with a slate roof. On either side were wings, the one on the right big enough for a three car garage! The one on the left was equally as big but had large windows instead of garage doors. The brick wall connected to the house on both sides and allowed access through either the garage or the front door.
"This place had to cost a pretty penny!" Joe observed as he took it all in.
"Thank-you Mr. Obvious!" I said as we got out of the car and took the path to the large front double doors. Before we got there we were greeted at a smaller door just behind the garage that led to one of those rooms that used to be known as a "mud room" but has been re-named a "drop-off room." Mary Beth welcomed us, "I'm so glad you decided to accept my invitation. Please leave your shoes here and follow me." She turned and entered the main portion of the house in a room which can only be described as a parlor. It was very nicely decorated but did not have a TV! As I left the drop-off room I glanced to my right at a kitchen that would be the envy of an Iron Chef. Behind the parlor was a dining room with a glass wall that over looked what appeared to be a golf course and later when I had a chance to inspect more closely turned out to be just that!
As we walked towards the back of the house past a room on the left that must have been a library/office I clumsily attempted to compliment Mary Beth, "You certainly have a very nice place here."
"Yes, dear," Mary Beth smiled as she explained, "Bill was a much better lawyer than golfer. This was our winter home for a few years and when he retired we liquidated our holdings in the North and settled here permanently." We entered what can best be described as her casual entertainment "wing," she asked, "Would you boys like a drink? Beer again or something a little stronger? I have scotch, bourbon, rum, vodka, gin and, I think, tequila."
Joe's eyes lit up. "Bourbon on the rocks, please!"
She reached for a bottle of Gentleman Jack and a Texas Tumbler, filled it half full of ice and covered that with the bourbon. She pushed it to the front of the bar and said, "Don't be lazy, Joe, I'm tending bar not waiting on you."
Joe took a seat at the bar and she turned to Sam, "What about you, pick your poison."
"Rum and Coke for me." She filled a highball glass with ice and reached for a bottle of 8 year old Bacardi. Putting both in front of Sam she opened a small glass bottle of Coke and said, "It would be best if you mixed it yourself, the way you like it, don't you think?"
She walked around the front of the bar. "What about me, don't I get a drink too?" I asked sheepishly.
"Of course you will, Freddie boy, but first you're going to have a different kind of cocktail! I'm going to slip into something a little more comfortable and while I'm gone I want you to entertain Sam and Joe by taking off all your clothes. And please be neat about it. You can fold them properly and put them right here." She instructed as she pointed a small table next to the wall. "Is that clear?"
I blushed at the thought of being the only one naked, sure, I had sucked Joe's cock at Henry's but this was different, very different. "Yes." I muttered.
"I can't hear you, Freddie boy." She chided, sternly.
"Yes." I replied clearly as I started to unbutton my shirt.
"Yes, what?" She demanded impatiently.
"Yes, Mary Beth?" I asked, confused.
"No damn it!" She hissed angrily, "Don't you get it Freddie Boy? You naughty boys are here to entertain me! While we are playing this game in this room you three little perverts are mine. You...are...MY... sex toys! Get it?" She placed her hand on my crotch and rubbed my cock through my trousers. "I think Little Freddie gets it, doesn't he!?" She squeezed again for emphasis.
"Yes, ma'am." I answered as I removed my socks.
"No! Are you dense or are you angling for a spanking? That's right; when you boys displease me I'm going to spank your bare butts and you will let me do it. Would you like to know why? I'll tell you why. You boys need me! You need me to really play this game. You need my approval and my discipline. That's right! You need a woman to accept the perverted kind of sexual being you are and to praise you for being such good cock suckers or spank you for displeasing me." Her hand squeezed by balls again. "You boys will call me Mistress."
Sam and Joe sat in silence. "Last chance, cock suckers! When I come back you Freddie boy will be naked and if you two are still here we'll let the games begin!" She turned and walked out.
"Holy shit! Joe exclaimed. "What the hell are we getting in to?"
Sam looked concerned. "Maybe we should just leave?"
"Not!" I countered. "You two can leave if you want but I'm staying." I finished stripping and folded my clothes neatly as she had instructed. It was a weird feeling. I was naked and getting a boner but felt some how liberated. Joe and Sam were still dressed and the more I thought about it the more my cock swelled.
Joe looked at my boner and observed, "Looks like you are getting a charge out of this! You must be looking forward to getting your lips around my cock!"
I just smiled and licked my lips as I heard Mistress Mary Beth return. "Looks like party time!" She chuckled as she entered the room. She had changed into a long black satin night gown, slit on both side to mid hip. She appeared visibly taller and as she walked it was easy to see why. She was wearing stockings and heels. Black thigh high stockings and black sandals that added at least four inches. "I must confess: I watched Bill suck a lot of cocks but I've never been alone with three cock suckers at once." Something about this petite lady dressing so provocatively and using such vile language was making me even more excited. Was it the fact that she took control? Or was it more than that, was it knowing the polite lady we met on the golf course changing into a dominating woman? She was turning three grown men, each twice her size, into compliant little boys.
Sam objected, "I think you read me all wrong, Mistress. I was meeting Fred to get my cock sucked not the other way around."
"Don't you worry, Sammy boy, all in good time!" She poured herself a glass of white wine. "Now, boys, first things first. When Alicia and I played mistress for Bill and Rob we liked to play a little game to see which one of our cock hungry husbands got to go first! By that I mean which one would get to show off his skills first. It worked like this; I would shuffle a deck of cards, let them each cut the deck once and then I would deal the cards one at a time to each of them. High card won and the loser removed one item of clothing from the winner. First one naked got sucked off."
"How is that going to work with the three of us?" Sam wanted to know.
"Let's think about it, shall we? How about this, boys. You stand in a line facing me with our little cock sucker in the middle. I'll deal one card to each of you. High card wins and Freddie boy will remove one article of clothing from the winner and first one naked gets sucked off."
"But, Mistress, what if Fred gets the high card?" Joe asked.
"You mean 'Freddie Boy' don't you, Joey boy? If you make that mistake again I'll have to spank you, understood?"
"Yes, Mistress." We replied in unison.
"Very well, now to answer your question, how about this? When Freddie Boy gets the high card he has to stroke his cock for us for fifteen seconds and if he cums he gets spanked." She was enjoying seeing just how far she could push us. "Take your places, gentlemen!" Sam and Joe joined me in the middle of the room. Mistress Mary Beth placed one of the bar stools in front of me and retrieved a deck of cards from under the bar. She shuffled the cards as she walked around us as if inspecting the troops. When she stopped in front of me used the deck of cards to rake my sensitive cock from my balls to the very tip. "Is Little Freddie getting anxious, Freddie Boy?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Are you ready to show mistress what you can do?
"Please, Mistress, let me show you what I can do!" I looked into her eyes but couldn't help but notice that her breasts though small were smooth and firm.
"Very well, if you insist." She turned to take her place and as she did let us see the deep V that revealed the same smooth pale tight skin of her back. Her face showed signs of ageing but the rest of her body was still very sexy. The cut of the night gown accentuated her butt which was growing more and more interesting.
She placed the deck on the stool and invited each of us to cut the deck. When each of us had taken our turn she picked it up and smiled. "Time to begin!" She said gaily! "Sammy Boy gets the ten of hearts! Freddie boy gets the five of spades! Joey Boy gets the eight of hearts, too bad Joey Boy! Better luck next time! You know what Freddie Boy? I think you should give Little Sammy a nice squeeze and then tell Sammy Boy what you want to do to him as you take off his shirt."
I turned and placed my hand on Sam's crotch, I gave it a few quick rubs and the squeezed his balls. As I took off his shirt I said "I'm going to give Little Sammy a good sucking."
Sam's eyes were semi-closed as he sighed and said, "I can't wait."
"Nor should you, Sammy Boy! Oh look, queen of clubs! What good luck you have. Oh.h.h sorry Sammy Boy, not so good after all! Freddie Boy gets the ace of diamonds! Looks like we get to watch Freddie Boy play with himself. Won't that be nice? Oh no! Joey Boy gets the ace of hearts, hmm..., now whatever should we do? I know! Remember the game of 'War'? Sure you do, I'll bet after you learned to play 'Slap Jack' you learned 'War'. I'll deal two cards down and then the next two determine the winner. If Joey Boy gets the high card he looses three items of clothing but what about Freddie Boy? How about this? If Freddie Boy gets the high card he has to stroke his dick for us for thirty seconds and if he looses his load he gets a spanking!
Just the thought of going over that tiny woman's knee and being spanked naked in front of two witnesses was causing my heart to beat faster. I tried to slow my breathing and control myself as she dealt the first two cards face down. Then, trying to increase the drama she slowly revealed my next card. "Not looking good for you, Joey Boy, or is it? What do you want to see? A high card so you can watch Freddie Boy play with himself or a low card so he wins and takes your clothing off? The three of clubs! That will be hard to beat, Joey Boy, if you like watching other men pulling their puddin'." She took her time watching each of our reactions with a hint of a smile gracing her lips. "The moment of truth! The five of clubs! Get to work Freddie Boy but not too fast! I appreciate a little drama! Start by taking off his trousers but stand behind him first. Rub his chest and belly and then pull down his zipper."
I had to press my body against Joe's to obey her instructions. My hardened cock was nestled in his butt crack and she knew it! As I fumbled with his zipper she taunted him, "How does that feel, Joey Boy! Do you like to feel Little Freddie rubbing your crack?"
Joe seemed to be pressing into me as I rubbed first his chest and squeezed his little titties and then let my hands drop to his crotch to rub his package. He raised his head and closed his eyes and answered, "It feels so so good!"
"Breath on his neck and nibble on his ear, Freddie Boy, and tell me what you are going to do."
"I'm going to lick him and kiss him and suck him, Mistress." Joe reached back with one hand and stroked the side of my face.
"You like this don't you, Joey Boy? You want Freddie Boy to explore your body. You want Freddie Boy to pay attention to all those sensitive spots that turn you on. You like being the woman, you like to feel like you're being seduced, don't you, Joey Boy?"
"Oh yes, Mistress, yes! It feels so nice, so good."
"Unbuckle his slacks, Freddie Boy and take them off. Now his shirt. Slowly! Rub his chest. Are his tits hard? Let's see them, take off his tee shirt."
Sam was fidgeting anxiously as I continued to undress Joe. "Are you jealous, Sammy Boy?" Mary Beth teased. Worried you won't be the first to get your balls drained? Let's find out!" As I pulled Joe's tee shirt over his head she dealt another card. "Nine of diamonds for Sammy Boy! Seven of hearts for Freddie Boy! This could go either way. Are you ready? Queen of spades for Joey Boy! You look disappointed Sammy Boy!" I reached for Joe's shorts. Not so fast, Freddie Boy! Take off his socks!"
Joe was disappointed but Sam grinned. He was still in the game and he won the next two rounds. Joe was down to his shorts and Sam was down to his shorts and socks. "Are you feeling lucky, Sammy Boy? Would you like to double down? Got balls? Or are you a wus?" She backed him into a corner.
"What are you suggesting, Mistress?"
"I'm not suggesting anything at all, Sammy Boy. I'm telling you! This is the last round, it's you against them. Win and Freddie Boy strips you and sucks you off while Joey Boy refreshes my drink. Lose and Freddie Boy strips Joey Boy and sucks him off while you jack-off for me."
"How is that fair, Mistress?"
"It's not supposed to be fair, Sammy Boy, it's supposed to be fun! I'm having fun, aren't you?"
"Yes, ma'am, I mean Mistress!"
"Then it's settled. Let's see, oh, very nice for you Sammy Boy, a face card!" She held it up dramatically before placing the jack of spades before Sam. "Now it's you two against Sammy Boy, two chances to win or maybe lose! Whatever will it be; I wonder." She relished the suspense, watching as we anxiously waited. She held up another card and smiled. "What do you suppose, boys? Poor Freddie Boy! The ten of diamonds. But that doesn't matter to you does it? You're going to get a mouthful either way. It's a win/win for Freddie Boy, isn't it?" She held up the last card and grinned as she laid down the five of diamonds. "Too bad, Joey Boy! Better luck next time! Let's see what Sammy Boy has, Freddie Boy!"
I pulled off Sam's socks and then without any drama lowered his boxers. His cock was nice! At least six inches and thick. "Kiss his balls, Freddie Boy! You know what to do, tease him with your lips and tongue. That's it, of course, lick his shaft then suck on his balls then do it again." Sam assumed the classic stance, feet spread apart and his hips thrust forward more for giving me direction than for balance although I could feel his knees buckle when I gently bit one of his balls!
"Are you tired of standing Joey Boy?" Mary Beth remembered Joe was just standing there in his boxers. "I wish you could see this, boys! One horny little boy is getting his cock sucked, another patiently waiting his turn. Quite a tableau actually. Get me another glass of wine, Joey Boy and then come sit by me." Mary Beth was seated on a large over stuffed leather couch facing a field stone fireplace. To her right was a large glass wall that provided a panoramic view of the golf course. To her left was the bar where Joe was pouring her wine.
"Lean back a little, Freddie Boy, look at what you've done! Sammy Boy is getting ready to shoot that little pistol!" Mary Beth was never one to exaggerate. Sam's tool might not have been one of those monster cocks that everyone drools over but it was enough of a mouthful that I knew he would make me gag if he tried. "Rub those balls Freddie Boy, don't let them get so tight!" I started gently rubbing his balls against the base of his cock just the way I like to have mine rubbed. "Now wrap your other hand around his shaft and squeeze. That's it, don't stroke it. Just nice gentle squeezes. Now lick his slit."
While I continued to work on Sam Joe delivered the wine. "Sit here, Joey Boy." Mary Beth patted the couch seat next to her. If I turned my head slightly I could watch them as I licked Sam's cock. Sam steadied himself by placing both hands on top of my head and kneading my scalp as my lips and tongue worked on the tip of his cock. She placed her right hand on Joe's neck and asked almost breathlessly, "Are you a tit man or a leg man, Joey Boy?"
Joe was not prepared for that question, he struggled to answer, "What do you mean?"
"What do you mean, Mistress." She corrected him.
"What do you mean, Mistress!" Joe corrected himself.
"You know very well what I mean, Joey Boy!" Her hand fell from his neck and into his lap. She wrapped her fingers around his throbbing cock as she looked over at Sam and me. She caught me looking at her and smiled. I was slowly, deliberately teasing Sam; she had Joe right where she wanted him. "Don't be coy, Joey Boy, what is it tits or legs?
"I don't know, Mistress."
"Sure you do." She raised her left leg so that it was exposed from her upper thigh to the tips of her toes. She pulled the strap of her gown off her left shoulder giving Joe a close-up of her breast. It was round and firm and smooth unlike the skin around her eyes and lips and neck! "Do I have nice tits or do you like my legs better?" Joe was tongue tied, unsure of what was happening. Mary Beth was amused in the way that only women can be. She was controlling three grown men. She glanced at me and I could see the devilish twinkle in her eye. "Tits, Joey Boy, tits! Always start with the tits and you'll get your reward if you do a good job! Freddie Boy, you're on your own! Let's see what you can do!"
Sam wasted no time at all. He had been patient long enough. As my lips parted He gave me the full length of his shaft. My tongue massaged it's underside and as he withdrew for another assault I sucked. Over and over, in and out, fucking and sucking! This was no gentle blow job; Sam didn't just lay back and spreading his legs so that I could have my way with his cock. This was raw sex! Sam's balls were demanding release. Sam's cock probed over and over as I provided the only thing a willing pussy never could. I sucked! Every thrust was rewarded by an eager mouth. Not just waiting for him to give me his essence but actively drawing it from him. I heard myself moaning. My hands grabbed his butt cheeks as my mouth became a hungry cunt demanding its reward! I looked up at Sam. His eyes were closed his head tossed back. "Do it, do it now." He pleaded. Every fiber of his body was concentrating on his cock and the pleasure it was about to receive.
Mary Beth watched as we behaved like animals in heat. Joe was making love to her tits. Licking, kissing, and sucking each one it turn. His hand stroking her thigh. "That's it, Joey Boy! A man should always start out a breast man but in the end it's always what's between the legs, isn't it?" Joe groaned in agreement. Mary Beth's legs opened willingly, inviting Joe's roaming hand. He pulled the slit skirt to one side exposing the strawberry colored hair hiding her pussy. He rubbed her belly and his fingers brushed her bush. Even as I sucked Sam I envied Joe. I love a hairy pussy! Mary Beth's was natural, neatly trimmed around the edges, maybe? It was hard for me to see with Sam gaining momentum, working my mouth like a whore's cunt! But Mary Beth's pussy looked so delicious! Light rosy-red hair curling around bright red lips just begging to be licked and kissed and probed.
Mary Beth pushed Joe's head away from her tits. "Lower, Joey Boy, it's time to move down!" Her eyes were on mine. Joe slid between her legs and kissed her thighs, one after the other, moving slowly but surely towards his goal. I sucked Sam's cock but my eyes were locked on hers. She smiled, licked her lips and puckered her lips as if to send me a kiss. Joe's head obscured her pussy; he was giving it the care and attention she craved. Her hand held him in place and I could see the rhythmic rise and fall as her hips pushed relentlessly against his face. She was matching Sam's pace! They were fucking but not each other. I knew what she wanted. I worked even harder, meeting each thrust with an aggressive bob of my own. Sucking more intensely, moaning more appreciatively as I demanded the prize stored in his balls.
Mary Beth bucked harder and harder matching us stroke for stroke until Sam suddenly stopped! He grabbed my head with both hands and buried his cock so deep that I didn't feel his cum spurting down my throat, just the pulsing of his cock as his balls emptied. I tried to pull back but his grip was too tight! At the same time Mary Beth's legs were locked around Joe's head. We struggled to breathe. It seemed like forever but was just a few seconds before they relaxed and Joe and I could catch our breath.
Sam's cock was wilting. I carefully squeezed the last two drops of cum to the tip and licked them off. As I savored my paltry reward Mary Beth smiled and observed, "You really are a cum slut, Freddie Boy!"
Our eyes met. I smiled. She was not being critical. She was just stating a fact. It was a relief. Like a burden had somehow been lifted. As if she was praising me! She was not put off by the idea of one man sucking another's cock, she actually encouraged it, supported it, enjoyed it and I liked that! I enjoyed doing it and I really enjoyed doing it for her amusement.
Three months ago I would never have considered exposing myself but then, after meeting Henry, it seemed to come naturally. The cock sucking ritual. Go to a man's home. Get naked for him. Show him that you mean him no harm by completely exposing yourself. He might still be clothed but you are naked. You play with your own dick. You let him know you are in the mood but it is his dick you want. His response lets you know just where this is headed. If he strips he just might want to suck you too! If he unzips and pulls out his prick he only wants you to service him.
You never know where your adventure will take you! Most of the guys I took to Henry's were one and done guys. I guess they satisfied their curiosity or weren't comfortable with the situation but they didn't came back.
My adventures with Henry took a different turn one afternoon when one of my planned hook-ups failed. As usually happened in these situations I called Henry. It's kind of funny now that I think about it! I called him to see if he would like to have his cock sucked. I guess that's just me, a gentleman at all times. He might be busy with someone or something that wouldn't be appropriate with my sucking him off. As it was he did have company and told me that if I didn't mind meeting a stranger I could come over but don't forget the beer! I considered just playing nine and going home but my curiosity got the better of me. I picked up a six pack of Shiner and headed to Henry's.
Henry greeted me at the door and took the beer as he introduced me to his friend. "Al, this is my cock sucker! Cocksucker, this is Al."
Al offered his hand and as we shook hands (another custom intended to demonstrate no ill will) he said, "So, Henry says you really like to suck cock." Nothing like being blunt. No one had ever just looked me in the eye like that and just called me a cocksucker! Like, you're a golfer or you're a mechanic or you're a wolverine. I would have denied it just a few weeks ago and hearing those words from a complete stranger made me blush! Trying to be cool I replied, "That's right, Al, sometimes I think I might never be able to get enough!"
"And you don't mind if I watch?"
The look on Al's face was priceless! My eyes locked on to his. Half open, half closed, I gazed into his eyes. My mouth wide open I stuck my tongue out and Henry's cum slid on to my chin. I grinned and caught it with my hand. I licked it off my fingers all the while just looking at Al's incredulous expression.
Henry handed me a towel. "Wipe your face off, cock sucker! Al doesn't want any stains on his pants!"
As I watched Joe gently bringing Mary Beth back to reality it hit me. Mary Beth and I were very much alike! She looked me straight in the eye and smiled as she watched me watch her being serviced. We were both exhibitionists. Sex rose to another level when we could perform and watch the lust in the eyes of others! I smiled back knowingly. She brought me back to reality.
"Aren't you forgetting someone, Freddie Boy? Joey Boy's cock needs attention!"
Sure enough, Joe's cock was hard and dripping cum. After giving Mary Beth the best he had to offer Joe was already on the edge himself. I knelt beside them and rotated Joe's hips to one side. I started by licking his hairy balls then sucking them one after the other. As I started to massage his balls I began licking and nibbling the length of his cock... almost like an ear of corn! When I finally sucked the tip of his cock between my lips I could tell he would explode without too much effort and I was right! His cock was so tender he couldn't stand the pressure of my sucking and he pulled out just before he released his first strong shot of creamy white cum all over my face. The next just dribbled out and fell to the floor.
Mary Beth squealed with delight. "I'm so glad you boys came over today. I haven't been this happy since my husband died. Do you suppose we can do it again?"
I looked at Joe and Sam. "I'm not bashful, just say the word, I'll be here!"
Joe agreed, "I'm in."
"Why not," Sam agreed.
"Very well," Mary Beth smiled. "Why don't we play a quick nine a week from today and then rendezvous here for a little more fun. Oh, and Joe, I'm serious about helping with your slice. Maybe you'd like to schedule a lesson... I'm willing to take it out in trade."
Joe's eyes lit up. It could be a very nice summer for him!