My sister and I have always been close. She is only a year younger than I am, and she used to date my friends when we were in school. I always called her my little sister. To her face, I called her Sis. I remember my best friend Bill told me he lost his virginity with her, and he fell in love with her the way boys do with the first girl they lay. It was when they were both seniors in high school. It was a few months after they had both celebrated their 18th birthdays. Their birthdays were in fact the same day: December 17. I was a year older than Jane, and was already in college, but I lived at home to save money.
He told me all the details, which should have grossed me out. I should have stopped him. I should have asked him to keep that sort of stuff to himself. But no, I wallowed in it. I drank in every word.
First he described her naked body. The curves and swells of her breasts, how smooth and soft her skin felt, her wetness when his fingers went to her snatch. He described how she smiled as she stood up and removed her clothes, piece by piece, slowly, no hurry at all.
First she unbuttoned her blouse, one tantalizing button at a time. Some buttons she pretended to struggle with, as if a caught thread were keeping her from unbuttoning them. She would form a little look of concentration on her face while she struggled with the button. Bill found her look of concentration fetching. I knew that look well.
She conquered the reluctant button and took off her blouse, carefully, too carefully it seemed, folding it up and putting it on a chair in his parents' basement room.
Next she walked over to him and she asked him to unzip her skirt. She turned around presenting her skirt-covered perfect ass to him. Her skirt clung to her ass to the point where it indented a little at her crack. The way it hugged her ass emphasized her womanly figure.
Her skirt made her bottom look sexy. She could easily have unzipped it herself -- that wasn't the point. As he unzipped it, he gave it a small tug and let it drop to the floor. He discovered her bottom did not only look sexy through her skirt, it was in fact sexy. Her bottom was smooth, unblemished, as pure as snow. Her bottom had slight tan lines, so he knew she wore bikinis when she tanned.
Now she was in bra and panties, and again she moved to him. He stood up upon her command. She undressed him too, down to his briefs. Not surprisingly, he had an erection. She turned around again, asking him to unhook her bra. He did so. She left it on, it clinging precariously to her large, even slightly too large, boobs.
With him still standing, she moved to him again and gently pulled down his briefs. She did it slowly, so they pulled at his erection, tugging at it, as they moved south. It was erotic as his briefs finally cleared his cock and it sprang back up after having been gently pulled downward together with his shorts.
She took his cock into her mouth and sucked it gently. He pulled off her bra at that point as she sucked away. Her bra had been only half on, anyway. All that was left on her voluptuous body were her panties. Once they were gone, they would both be nude.
But he did not want to stop the blowjob just in order to take down her panties. It was his first blowjob, and he was enjoying getting a blowjob more than he could ever have imagined. He was embarrassed at how quickly he came. She swallowed, smiled, and licked her lips.
That was when Bill and my little sister Jane noticed Bill's older brother Mitch standing halfway down the stairs to the basement, watching while he was frozen in place with surprise and amazement.
My sister went to him with Bill's cum dripping slightly from her chin and said, "Hi Mitch. Could you help me with my panties, please? I'm having a little trouble getting them off."
Mitch being older was experienced with women, and he slipped off her panties. He inserted a finger and said, "Oh my, Jane. You're ready. May I have the pleasure?"
Jane did not answer, she just kissed him, pressing her naked body against him. She put her arms around his neck and crushed her boobs against his chest.
He quickly undressed, led her to the couch their family keeps in the basement, spread her legs, climbed on top, and slipped right in. Bill watched as they made love. Jane moaned, and as Mitch increased the tempo Jane moaned louder.
He saw Jane arch her back at one point, gasp, and then give out a little cry. Mitch smiled broadly. The sight of Jane's large, heaving breasts underneath Mitch fascinated Bill. He could not tear his eyes away, but then, he did not want to. In the end, Mitch pulled out and squirted on her stomach.
When Mitch climbed off of Jane, she kissed his chest. She turned to look at Bill, still lying there with Mitch's cum on her tummy, and she said to Bill, "That's how it's done, Bill. Want to give it a go?"
That was how Bill lost his virginity with my slut sister. By the time he finished his story, I had a raging hard on I was trying to hide. I was failing to hide it but Bill did not notice.
I had a clear mental picture of the events. Not so much of Bill and Mitch, but of my naked sister. I had been spying on her for several months, and knew every detail of her naked body. She did not know about my spying, of course, or so I thought.
Sometimes at night I would sneak out of the house and watch my sister undress for bed. She always slept in the nude. Our backyard had a privacy fence, so I guess Jane did not take any modesty precautions when undressing. She left her drapes open and had the lights on in her bedroom.
The difference in light made me invisible to her, but for me she was lit up like a movie screen. I would bring my camera, turn off the flash, and take dozens of pictures of her beautiful, naked body. How I longed to hold it, to caress it, to enjoy it. I tortured myself.
Occasionally I wondered if she knew I was there. She would sit on the bed and face the window. She would run her hands over her body. She would tease herself, running her hands over the sensitive skin of her inner thighs. She spread her legs farther apart as she got more aroused.
She would look at her reflection in the window, using it as a mirror. That way she watched herself pleasure herself. She would smile at the window at times. I used to wonder if she knew? Was she smiling at me?
Eventually Jane's hands would go to her pussy. She would stroke the sides with her fingers for a good long while, before slipping one finger in and pumping away. When she came she would cover her mouth, but I could still her little cry of "Oh!" even through the window.
After she came, Jane would get under the covers and close her eyes, going to sleep. She looked so peaceful, like an angel. I would go back to my room and jack off.
One time when I was outdoors watching her nightly show, I beat off while she fingered herself. We came at the same time.
A strange thing happened. Jane smiled at the window, and this time she blew a kiss to it. She knew I was there. I guess I was not as hidden by the darkness as I thought.
I was an idiot. There was a full moon that night.
*********
I eventually got a job in Chicago and moved away. Everyone from small towns in the Midwest wants to move to Chicago, at least when they're young. We're family, so of course my sister and I kept in touch.
Jane married young, fresh out of high school, and she also divorced young. Her husband found her cheating with his best friend. Now she is his former wife, and he is his former best friend. She went to college after the divorce.
I had not married, but I had a steady girlfriend Sarah, and we were thinking of her moving in with me, since rents are high. Besides, we are in love. Neither my sister nor I have kids; I'm now 26 and my sister is of course 25.
My sister finally graduated college and she was coming to Chicago for some job interviews and wanted to save money and she asked if she could stay with me. I proposed she stay with my girlfriend Sarah, so she did. Sarah had a queen-sized bed, and they were both girls, so they could share it. They're both of them sweethearts, so I thought they'd hit it off. They did, too.
What I had not counted on was their conversation. The primary topic in common for the two women was of course me. They talked about me non-stop, giggling over all of the funny and stupid things I had ever done, and each of them had plenty of stories to tell the other. They became best of friends.
I found out later my sister had pumped Sarah for stories of our sexual intimacy. And Sarah had told her details! I could not believe it. How could she do that? But she did. She even described exactly how we fucked, my favorite positions, and how long I lasted the second time we would do it.
In return, Sarah told me Jane had told her of how I used to go in the back yard at night to spy on her. She had always known I was there, watching. It turns out her shows were all for me. My sister was a horrible tease.
**********
Sarah even told Jane about the time we had sex in the Sears Tower (now sadly called the Willis Tower), at a high risk of being caught, and what a turn on it was for her. She enjoyed a view of Chicago from high above the street while I did her doggy style.
I will never forget that day. Sarah works in the tower, and I went there to visit her, to take her out to lunch. Instead of lunch, when she greeted me she handed me her panties. Puzzled, I quickly put them in my pocket. Then she led me to a stairwell that was rarely used. People used it go from one floor to neighboring floors, so it was used, just not often.
The stairwell has glass walls, giving us a spectacular view of the rooftops of Chicago and of Lake Michigan laid out before us. We had no privacy, except the privacy that comes from everyone being far away. To see us you would need to know we were there, and have a telescope. The real danger of discovery came from people within the tower.
Sarah kissed me in the stairwell, giving me one of her open mouthed, sexy kisses. I was getting even more turned on. Then she surprised me by also handing me her bra! I had not even noticed she had removed it before I met her. Usually I notice things like that right away; I was just so flummoxed by being handed her panties, I was in a state of combined shock and arousal.
I took Sarah in my arms and kissed her some more, while I unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her boobs to my lustful eyes. I caressed them and enjoyed them. She likes that, and she gave a little sigh. She quickly pulled away, pulled her blouse together, and led me up the stairs with her as we heard footsteps. A polite "hello" was exchanged as someone descended the stairs and passed us. My stomach was in my chest.
Unfazed, still on the stairs between floors, Sarah knelt on one stair, her hands on a higher stair, and she flipped her skirt up, exposing to me her wonderful ass and pussy. The only sound audible as I pumped away in her glorious pussy were the squishy sounds of her well lubricated cunt, and our heavy breathing.
We were caught in the act. A woman friend of Sarah discovered us when she took the stairs to walk up a flight, and she actually stood below us and watched us go at it. Neither of us knew she was there. It was a long fuck, so after waiting as long as she could, she said "Excuse me," and she climbed the stairs right next to us, to the side. The stairway is narrow, so her proximity was fairly intimate.
She moved past us slowly, looking down and watching my cock piston in and out of Sarah. Since it was late December, as she passed us she said, "Merry Christmas, Sarah." Sarah looked up at her, rocking back and forth from the pressure of my cock, and said, "Thank you Beth. I hope your Christmas is wonderful too," and right after that she came. Beth giggled, and continued up the stairs.
A few minutes later I emptied my balls inside Sarah, and then she quickly covered up. I gave her back her panties, but I kept her bra. She knew I was teasing, and she explained she really had to wear a bra at her job. There were too many sexual predators among her co-workers for her not to wear one. I gave it back to her.
Later in the day, once I was gone, hungry from having missed lunch but serenely happy, Beth came by Sarah's office. Beth teased her mercilessly, but she never squealed. We never got in trouble.
Sarah told this entire story of the Willis Tower, in graphic detail, to my sister Jane.
***********
Unfortunately, while my sister Jane was staying with her, my girlfriend Sarah came down with the flu, and to avoid catching it too, Jane moved in with me after her first two nights with Sarah. I gave her my bed and I took the couch.
The couch was too small for me, and the first night I could not sleep well. Jane then insisted she take the couch. I wanted her rested for her interviews, so we discussed it a bit, and we ended up sharing my bed.
It's not a big bed. It's a double bed, but it's not queen size, nor of course king size. My apartment is small. A double bed is fine for Sarah and me, since usually she spoons me as we sleep.
"I sleep in the nude, Jack. I always have. You remember, I'm sure," my sister Jane told me. "I'm okay with it if you are." This was Jane's way of letting me know that she knew I had spied on her while we were growing up. I instantly thought of that night in the back yard outside her window when I masturbated while watching her masturbate.
This startled me. I suspected she had known about my spying, but the casual and affectionate way she said it took me aback. I was glad she was not upset, or thought me to be a creep or a pervert. I was not just glad: I was very glad.
I wondered why she had even mentioned it. I also wondered why she would not make a small change for at most a few nights and wear a nightgown, at least when staying in her own brother's apartment, and sharing his bed.
I was not prepared to share a bed with a woman I could not enjoy sexually. But then also to have her nude, lying next to me? Well it would be difficult. Hell, it would be very difficult. I would have wood all night, and be very embarrassed. But all I did was nod my head, lamely.
When night came, and it got late, Jane announced she was going to get ready for bed. She disappeared into the bathroom for at least a half hour. Women have their nighttime (and their morning) rituals.
Jane had already laid out what seemed like a hundred bottles of creams and lotions in my bathroom. They were added to Sarah's. There was no free real estate on my bathroom counter.
She emerged from the bathroom looking radiant, and beautiful. Then she reenacted what Bill had described to me eight long years ago.
His words were burned in my mind, and were the object of many a fantasy. She began by facing me, standing, and slowly unbuttoning her blouse. She removed it, revealing a lacy bra. Her boobs are on the large side, so there was some underwire. Her boobs were now even bigger than they had been when she was a senior in high school.
The rest of her body was shapely, but skinny, so that gave the illusion that her boobs were even bigger than they were.
She walked over to me, turned around, and asked me to unzip her skirt. I was reliving Bill's description. I could not believe it. I unzipped her skirt. She asked me to unhook her bra, and I did her that service, too.
At this point she was clad only in her lacy bra, now barely clinging to her boobs, and matching panties. Very little was hidden from my prying eyes.
"Stand up, Jack," she said. I did. She undressed me slowly, seductively. When I had on only my briefs, I had a huge erection. She lovingly pulled down my briefs, pulling down my hard cock with them. Finally my briefs cleared my cock and it sprang back up right at her mouth. I began to wonder if she knew Bill had told me all those details, 8 long years ago?
Staring at my erection, Jane said, "Oh my, what have we here? Jack, I'm your sister. Naughty, naughty. Tsk, tsk," and she giggled.
Here is where the story Bill told, and what happened to me, differ. Instead of giving me a blowjob right then, she moved away from me, her unhooked bra barely covering her luscious boobs, and still clad in her panties. I was standing there naked with a raging hard on.
Jane slipped under the covers, removed her bra and panties, and dramatically tossed them aside so that they landed on a chair in the far corner of the room. "Nice throw," I said.
"Not really," Jane replied. "I was aiming for you."
I came over and got into bed, joining my now naked little sister, even if my eyes had not yet feasted on the entirety of her nude body. I pulled the covers down exposing her boobs and smiled at them.
I leaned over and started to kiss her nipples. Jane giggled, reached for my head, brought it to her lips, and gave me the sexiest kiss I can ever remember getting. "You should not be doing that with your sister, Jack," she said. Her voice was not admonishing, but teasing.
"I have an interview in the morning, Jack," she continued. "I'm going to sleep now. I'm sorry I can't help you with your problem," she said, as she grabbed my cock with her hand under the covers.
Jane paused dramatically and added, still holding my cock, "Remember Jack: I'm your sister. No funny business. Behave yourself tonight." Then she gave my cock a tight little squeeze, two wonderful pumps, and rolled over presenting her backside to me.
I spooned her, reaching over to cup her breast with my left hand, and she sighed happily. My hand left her boob and gradually drifted down her body enjoying her smooth, soft skin, until it got very close to my goal. I felt my fingers tickle a few of her remaining pubic hairs.
At that point Jane spoke again, "No, Jack. You're my brother, and I need to sleep. Don't make me send you to the couch. Good night, honey."
I pushed my erection against her, letting it slip into the crack of her ass. She ignored it. She fell asleep. I still had not seen her naked, although I did get to enjoy her gorgeous breasts for a minute or two. I had trouble falling asleep, and thought about beating off in the next room, but I stayed there and eventually I too fell asleep.
I did not have to work the next day, so I slept late. I woke the next morning with morning wood and to the smell of eggs cooking. I put on my shorts and went into the kitchen. There was my sister Jane, standing at the stove. She was wearing my BBQ apron, the one that said "King of the grill" on it. It was much too large on her. She was stark naked under the apron, happily cooking eggs. "How do you like your eggs these days, Jack? Scrambled, still?" she asked.
The apron was so loose fitting that it hid nothing, if one moved around to get view her at different angles. Of course I did that.
I was struck dumb, frozen in place. My sister was a sex goddess. She had a perfect body, wonderfully curved, lightly tanned, beautiful nipples and areolas, and a sweetly trimmed bush. She had already applied lipstick and perfume, and she smiled a million-dollar smile at me, nearly blinding me with her white teeth. Her blue eyes twinkled in the morning sun.
She could easily be seen from the street through the kitchen window. The apron probably hid most of her charms from people on the street, but I'm sure they could tell she was otherwise naked. She had to be aware of that. Apparently she did not care.
"Over easy," I said, when I regained the ability to speak.
"Coming right up, honey," she said. "Toast?" I nodded. "Did you manage to sleep?"
"Yeah," I said. "My cock calmed down after a while. I'm sorry for trying to molest you last night. You're right of course, you're my sister, and it's wrong. Thanks for being the strong one."
"Oh, Jack. I know you want to fuck me. You've always wanted to fuck me, since puberty more or less if I'm not mistaken. I'm not repulsed; I'm flattered. Your desire for me gave me confidence as a young woman. I felt attractive because of your lust. It was a good thing, except for how morally offensive it is, of course," Jane said.
She added, giggling, "It's fortunate my morals are on permanent vacation. Yours are too, I guess."
Jane seemingly changed the subject to say, "My interview had been moved to this afternoon. It's in the Willis Tower," and she giggled.
"So my morning is free," she continued. The eggs now cooked, she removed her apron, standing nude in front of me and the streets of Chicago, not embarrassed at all. "If your morning is also free, you can show me some of the sights of Chicago. I know you are enjoying right now the sights I brought with me," and saying that she shook her boobs. She ran her hands over her body, which served to emphasize its curvaceous nature.
A couple of male passers-by in the street did double takes when they passed my kitchen window, and happened to notice a ravishingly beautiful naked woman in my window, caressing her own body. One man just stood there for a few minutes. I wondered quietly if he was drooling.
Jane let her hand run down to her crotch. She parted her legs, taking a wide stand. Her hands began to stroke the insides of her upper thighs as she stood there, her hands getting closer and closer to her snatch. She looked at me and saw I was staring at her hands as they were teasing her sex. I was once again reminded of our youth, and her bedroom window.
"I find this part of me is popular with men. You're a man. I wonder if you could answer a question I have long had? It's been troubling me."
"Try me," I said.
"Is my pussy popular with my brothers?" she asked.
I was of course taken aback by the unexpected question. I took me a few minutes before I could reply.
"I'm your only brother," I finally said. It was a ridiculous reply, correcting her use of the plural. But I was in a state of shock. This entire morning was beyond bizarre for me.
"Well then," Jane said. "I guess you can give me a definitive answer. This question has long troubled me. I do hope it is popular."
"You do?"
"Yes, of course, definitely," Jane said as she slowly approached me. She pulled me up to a standing position. She pulled down my briefs, again pulling my hard cock down with them. Again she let it spring back up as my briefs cleared the end of my cock. Again she giggled.
"There's only one sure way to find out, I guess. And I do have the morning free..." Jane said in a soft voice, barely above a whisper. It was as if she were ashamed to say it. I suppose she was. Her voice made her words all the more sexy, all the more seductive.
My eggs got cold. So did my toast. But Jane learned the answer to the question that had been plaguing her. So did I.
I was trembling with fear. This was it. I had longer to know my sister sexually my entire adult life to that point. I had lost hope when she married, and had forgotten about trying to seduce her once I fell in love with Sarah. Now here she was I front of me, and the fire inside me was not only re-lit, it was burning out of control.
I was trembling not just with fear, but with a mixture of longing and trepidation. I took off what little clothes I had and walked over to her. We were now both naked, in full view of the kitchen window. "We can be seen, Jane," I said quietly. "Shall we move to the bedroom?"
"I thought you would have realized it by now, sweet brother of mine. I'm an exhibitionist," Jane said. "Are you?"
"Not really," I said. "I'm a private person."
"Really? I find a lot of men want to show off their woman (in this case, me), but when they get exposed their erections deflate. You in contrast are hard as a rock right now," Jane said.
I couldn't believe we were calmly discussing exhibitionism, or anything for that matter, when we were both naked holding each other like this for the first time. "That's because you are beautiful, sexy, and I've wanted you since forever," I managed to say, gently pulling her towards the bedroom.
Jane did not budge, but dropped to her knees and took the head of my cock in her mouth. 'Oh my God,' I thought, this is happening. It's really happening. My own sister, my gorgeous, precious sister, is giving me a blowjob.
I stroked her gorgeous boobs as she sucked me, dwelling on the tan lines of where her two-piece bikini covered her boobs. I cupped the bottoms and played gently with her nipples. Now I could not move without stopping the blowjob from heaven, and Jane knew it.
I don't know if it was accidental or intentional, but she was positioned on her knees in such a way that her boobs, and my fondling of them, was directly visible to the street through the window.
Her fellatio technique was as good as Sarah's, and that means it was very good. She dropped my cock and went to concentrate on my balls. She was the first woman ever to pleasure my balls like that. Sarah had something to learn from my sister.
Jane sucked the top of my cock while her hand pumped the rest. At random points she would stop pumping me with her hand and then she would try to take as much of my cock in her mouth as was possible. She got most of it, but on her last try she somehow suppressed her gag reflex and took me inside her mouth all the way to my balls.
With my cock buried in her throat, she began to hum. I lost it, and I shot my load down her throat. Down the throat of my own sister. The woman I had lusted after for all these years. Wow. I was overwhelmed. I don't know what my sister was thinking just then; I wish I did. She seemed completely in control, in contrast to me. I was a mess.
It was the combination of incest, and doing it in the window with people now watching us openly from the street that was making me crazy. My sister was unfazed, but the same could not be said of me.
The blowjob over, I gently pulled her to the bedroom. She followed me reluctantly. There was had privacy. I lay her down on the bed; her legs were tightly together. It was not obvious to me that she was going to let me fuck her. Maybe we were only going to have oral sex. It was still incest, but boy did I want to fuck her.
I kissed her for a long time. She kissed me back enthusiastically. I played with her boobs, and eventually my hands began to drift down her body, to the vee formed by her tightly closed legs. I wormed a finger into the vee, wiggling it around, pushing it in farther, until I found a very wet pussy. Her legs opened just a centimeter, but then I knew I had her.
I gently pushed her legs a little more open, and they gave way. I had access to her cunt, and I took full advantage. Remembering her masturbating technique from when she was in high school, a technique that had mesmerized me so often as I sat in the garden watching her through her bedroom window, I imitated it lovingly.
She began to moan. I had her. I kept this up for a good ten minutes before I finally replaced my three fingers inside her with my mouth. I lapped at her gently, knowing just where to pleasure her with my tongue. I added a finger inside her, then two, then three. She arched her back, moaning loudly. A minute passed and her moans turned to scream of ecstasy, her back arched from the bed, and then she collapsed after her orgasm.
I knew this was now my best chance. She was at her weakest, and it was time to make my move. Clever little wench that she was, she closed her legs before I could act. Did she really not want me inside her, even right after she came? I lost my confidence.
I pushed at her legs. They remained tightly closed. I climbed on top of her and kissed her. We kissed for several long minutes, exchanging our tongues, and letting our naked bodies mesh together. My chest crushed her large breasts, and it felt heavenly.
I pushed with my cock at the top of her thighs, hoping they would open. They did. I pushed her legs apart with my body, and she then moved them wide apart, as far apart as they would go. I wanted to pause for a second to look close up at her pussy, but I did want to lose my window of opportunity.
I moved my cock to her entrance and she moaned, signaling permission, and I slipped it in her. I heard the finale of Sibelius' second symphony in my head as my cock entered that wet, warm, inviting little piece of heaven. It was so intense, I almost came right then.
But I managed not to cum too soon, and I began to do what men always do, and I pumped in and out of her pussy, each thrust bringing intense pleasure. Judging from her body language, as well as her moans, Jane enjoyed our fuck just as much as did I.
My bed squeaks when it is being pushed up and down. It squeaked a lot just then. It could have been a John Cage symphony. Jane moaned so loudly I hoped the neighbors were away at work. She screamed to the high heavens when she came. Okay, maybe then a Philip Glass opera: after Nixon in China, we have Jane in SuHu.
She had wrapped her legs around me while we went at it. She dug her nails into me and scratched welts into my back. By the time she came, my back was bleeding. I did not care.
As it turned out, her snatch is very popular with her brother. He can't seem to get enough.
Jane told me she was happy finally to have the answer to her age-old question. Even happier to learn it was a positive one. It was indeed very positive.
Jane went home after the interview. Sarah recovered from the flu. When she asked if I enjoyed having Jane stay with me, I told her yes, much more so that I initially thought I would.
Sarah told me to take off my shirt and to turn around. I complied. Sarah said, "Jane told me to check out your back after she left. I guess you two had fun. May I make a suggestion?"
I stood there scared, waiting for Sarah's explosion about my incestuous infidelity with my sister. My evil sister had apparently wanted Sarah to know, too.
I was too scared to speak, so I just nodded. "Next time with your sister, take her rear entry. It will save your back. How was your breakfast?"
I told Sarah that Jane made great eggs in the morning. I looked at her questioningly -- scared stiff.
Sarah winked and smiled knowingly. "Did she take you to the Willis Tower?" she asked. I rarely blush, but I did then. "She's quite a sister," Sarah said, and Sarah held my head and kissed me with passion. "You know, she asked my permission. I gave it, and she promised to tell me about how she seduced you. I was throwing up at the time from the flu, but I really can't wait to hear the details."
Sarah added, "Sadly, I never got a brother. I have a sister, but I'm not wired that way. So I can't match your incestuous behavior. I'll have to enjoy it vicariously." She paused, and added thoughtfully, "I do have you. You belong to me, you know."
"I know. I'm glad of it. Can you forgive me?"
"Blood is thick," Sarah said. "I can't compete with incest. I don't want to. I get you all the time, and she can have you occasionally. We okay with that?"
I nodded, smiling.
I verified once again that Sarah's snatch is also hugely popular with Jane's brother. I'd hate to have to choose between the two women. It appears I won't have to. That's a good thing.