Dear readers, if you'd like to be be Jacqui, please imagine you are. if you you'd like to use Jacqui, please imagine you do. If you want me to finish this, please let me know and it will be my pleasure. Let me know what pleasure you may have had from this, so far.
We've been in Adelaide for a few days. It's Thursday and you know what's cumming your way tonight and your pussy is doing cartwheels.
We have dinner and a few wines. While we do Barry our, security man for the night has been getting the people in our adjoining room organised. Putting porn on the tv, having his wife, Jenny, act as our fluffer, keeping cocks hard for you, but not getting them to point of cumming.
I can feel the nervous tension in your hand holding mine as we travel up the elevator to our room. It's nervous tension, but not in a bad way, it's excitement.
We enter our room and we kiss. It starts gently, but as I remove each item of your clothing, it becomes more passionate. You look to the adjoining door and see the bed sheet, with a hard cock poking through one of the holes.
I don't need to encourage you. You break away from me and kneel before that cock, take its shaft in your hand and lick around its head, without hesitation. My cock and balls throb at the sight.
The way you handle that cock. The way you stroke its shaft. The way you you lick and suck its head head tells me an enormous amount about you and I'm in awe.
You're knelt down in a cocksucking position. Your arse and pussy are in a position that they are very vulnerable, but you do trust me.
As I watch you enjoy that cock, I fondle your delicious arse cheeks and gradually move my fingers to the entrance of your cunt. You are flowing.
I then set up the makeshift 'privacy' screen around you in our room. It's similar to a privacy screen you'd see around a hospital bed, but it has a gap in it exposing your gorgeous cunt and arse to the room. You'll suck and be fucked by a multitude of cocks tonight, but not one person apart from me will see your face.
There is another adjoining room on the opposite side of ours, also filled with horny men and being fluffed by Jenny's friend Michelle. I open that door and the first stiff cock comes through.
The man grabs your hips and penetrates your pussy fully in one go and fucks you like he hasn't had pussy in 12 months.
As he does, you hear a knock on the wall. That's the sign that the cock in your mouth is about to cum. Do you keep sucking and swallow his cum or do you wank him off and take his cum on your face?
Of course you take his big load of cum in your mouth and relish it as your tongue and lips finish him off until he can take no more.
His cock is replaced through the gloryhole by a long, thick black cock. You wish he was in the other room, so he'd fuck you with it.
You take his bulbous head in your mouth as you feel the cock in your cunt expand and throb. Your pussy clenches, you want to milk his balls and he explodes inside you.
He buries his cock balls deep in your cunt as his cream spurts in you, filling you. You push back and clench more. You want every drop of his cum.
Your drinking the precum of the black cock in your mouth as the cock in your cunt withdraws. We clearly hear him tell the next man, "She's a great fuck mate and she's a dirty slut. Your cock will be able to feel how much she loves being fucked."
That makes your pussy quiver and she still is quivering as the next anonymous cock enters you and he can feel it and it makes him moan loud and long.
As he fucks you, you hear a knock, but you stop sucking that black cock before he cums. You say, "Go to the other room. I want you to fuck my tight cunt. I want your hot cum deep inside me."
You get no argument from him and he withdraws. The man fucking you slips his lubed index finger inside your arsehole so quickly, your mind and your sphincter don't get a chance to rect and that finger goes straight in, knuckle deep.
That and the thought of being fucked by that big black cock makes you cum and cum hard. The man whose cock is fucking your cunt might have thought to fuck your arse, but your cunt twitching on his cock makes him cum.
He doesn't do the usual burying his cock balls deep as he cums, he keeps fucking you as he fills you with his seed and that makes you cum harder.
You're still cumming as the next cock pushes through the gloryhole. It's much shorter and nowhere near as thick as the previous man, but you don't care. You just want lots of cock and cum.
The cock in your cunt disappears and you feel an emptiness that needs to be filled. It is filled, but not by cock. A tongue slips inside you and the slurping sound of the cum inside you and your pussy juices being drained from you is intoxicating to both you and I.
You're wanking the gloryhole cock as you look up at me and I look at you. No words need to be said, the looks on our faces say all that needs to be said. We both moan in lust at that sound, but you more so as your cunt is being cleaned by that tongue.
You take the cock in the gloryhole into your mouth and suck it and wank it. A short while later you remove your mouth, while still wanking it and tell me, "Oh fuck! It's in my arse now", referring to the tongue.
There's no knock this time. The cock in your hand just starts squirting cum all over face. You just let him. You move your head around a little so you have cum squirting all over your face as you have your next orgasm.
You almost wish that cock hadn't cum. It would have been ideal to be the first cock in your arsehole. The next one comes through and it's about 15cm and neither very thick nor thin and you take it into your mouth with relish as the tongue in your arsehole comes out.
Your cunt is quickly filled by another cock. The big black cock you wanted. He fills you with such force that it pushes onto the cock in your mouth and you swallow him whole. It feels so good to be filled so deeply at both ends, you have another orgasm.
I fucking love seeing and hearing you cum like this that I can't resist wanking to it and rubbing the head of my cock on your lovely cheek.