Wife gives hero's welcome to hubby's guardian angel.

An alternate follow up to"Fond Farewells". It is an E&V story onNational Nude Day, but doesn't have public nudity and sex like the longer "Happy Homecomings" does.
When I started writing "Happy Homecomings", I was having a great time with the story and the words just kept coming. When I hit 20,000 words, I thought, Sam, you're going to have to explain why HH is ten times longer than FF. Ten times? How about 35 times?
Well, I still don't have any particular reason why "Happy Homecomings" became book-length, but I gave myself the challenge of writing a second version of HH that was more similar to FF in length and speed.
"Hero's Homecoming" is my answer to that challenge. I hope each one comes through for some part of the Literotica readership.

HERO'S HOMECOMING

Chapter 1
The gymnasium's ladies' restroom was full of women shoulder to shoulder at the sinks, doing last-minute primping in the mirrors as they chattered excitedly about their men finally returning to their U.S. Army post in Germany from their deployment to Iraq. They'd been told the buses from Ramstein Air Base were fifteen minutes out, which had led to this gaggle. Amber Sempels was glad she'd gone with her usual very light make-up. One quick glance over shorter heads told her she was fine and didn't have to fight for space at the mirrors.
Walking out of the Ladies', she stopped dead in her tracks as she looked across the hallway to the door of the Men's room. It was the last place she'd fucked her husband Raymond before his nation had sent him off to get involved in other peoples' problems.And nearly got him killed!She growled inside.
She swallowed that anger down and instead thought again about sneaking Ray back in there for a repeat performance, closing the circle of his deployment.
She closed her eyes and pictured how she'd surprised her husband by bending over the porcelain john and offering him a farewell fuck. Then she thought about how they'd both spotted the peeping tom spying on them over the top of the stall divider. Neither of them had stopped or tried to shoo him away. Instead, by unspoken agreement, they'd allowed the young soldier to be the voyeur to their risky exhibitionism.
Having an audience had changed everything for Amber and instead of just being a willing receptacle for her husband's quickie, she'd turned it into a vocal and visual performance that ended up in all three participants having powerful orgasms. Hers had run down the insides of her thighs, Ray's had run down her throat to her belly, and the anonymous kid's had run down his side of the thin wall between them.
She thought about the words she'd shared with the young Private afterwards.
He'd stayed behind long enough to check that the coast was clear so Amber could sneak out of the men's room without being spotted. He'd thanked her for including him.
"Our pleasure," she'd said. "You be careful down there and keep an eye out for my man and maybe we'll have a replay when you boys get home."
"I'll guard him with my life," the Private had laughed, before walking off into the crowd.
And in the end, he'd done just that. The question Amber was now pondering was if she was going to fulfill her end of the bargain too.
Chapter 2
Before that thought could go further, the ladies' room door opened behind her and Amber found herself swept along with the other wives and girlfriends, down the hall and back into the post gymnasium. The same old gym where they'd all said their fond farewells some twelve months before, and where they now waited with barely restrained anticipation for the return of their loved ones. Soon enough, excited cries of, "They're here, they're here!" rolled through the crowd.
The medical company was on the third bus to arrive and after two impossibly long minutes, Amber finally saw Ray's handsome face coming through the rear gym door. Her heart leapt, but she kept her promise to herself to not rush forward screaming like one of the nine-year-old kids or nineteen-year-old rookie wives.
His face beamed as he closed the distance between them, and she was certain it was a mirror image of her own. Except. His skin was darker than she'd ever seen it and it made the crooked pink line on his right temple really stand out.
"Oh, baby," she said in a near moan as she took his face in her hands and turned it so she could kiss the new scar. "Oh, baby, oh, baby—"
He shut her up with a hard kiss on the lips. His strong arms wrapped around her and pulled her in tight. She melted into his grip, melted into his kiss.
"Um, Captain Sempels? Sir? The next bus is arriving."
Ray looked around. The rest of his bus's riders had moved on, leaving only him and Amber still standing in front of the entry door, blocking the way for the next group eager to reunite.
Raymond put an arm around his wife and led her through the crowd. "Where did you park?" he asked. Instead of answering or leading him to the proper exit, she stopped and looked back to the bus zone.
The group coming in now were overall younger than the medical troops Captain Sempels was a part of. Far fewer women too. Their distinctive headgear marked them as the Security and Transportation Company. These were the guys who'd manned the convoys and handled force protection for all of the other soldiers. Ray felt Amber's body tense, almost going up on her toes to peer at the bus through the gym door and scan the disembarking soldiers.
When a tall, lanky kid with close-shorn, straw-colored hair stepped down off the bus and slung a duffel bag over his shoulder, she said, "Clem," under her breath.
Clement Evans was the young private who had peeked over the top of a bathroom stall divider to watch Amber give Ray that very special farewell. Neither of them had known his name at the time, but they certainly knew it now. They owed that young voyeur a lot. Probably Ray's very life.
Amber suddenly spun and looked into her husband's eyes. "Is it okay? I at least want to say hello and thank you."
Of course, she'd already done that more than once over Skype calls following the attack, but Ray knew that wasn't the same as in person. "Sure," he smiled.
"I may also need to give him a big kiss," she added with a mischievous grin.
"Hell, I suppose I owe him one too," he replied with a heavy sigh.
Chapter 3
Captain Raymond Sempels was a Physician's Assistant and during their deployment, he would regularly lead teams of medics to visit Iraqi villages and offer medical support. It was all part of theHearts and Mindsportion of the mission to keep Iraq out of the hands of terrorists.
On one particular mission, Private First Class Clement Evans had been his Humvee driver when they'd run into an ambush in an area that was supposed to be calm and relatively safe. That expectation had been literally shattered when their Humvee had been T-boned by a small pickup truck loaded with junk metal. It was suspected there was an IED, an Improvised Explosive Device, on board and that the scrap metal was meant to act as extra shrapnel to shred the American convoy.
Fortunately, the IED failed to explode. However, some steel pipes had come flying off the back of the truck and through the passenger window. Ray's helmet had saved him from a serious injury, but a piece of jagged metal had gotten under the lip of the helmet and gouged him just behind his right eye.
Then, insurgents on the opposite side of the road had opened up with AK-47s, peppering the vehicle all along Evans's side. The boy was only 19 years old, but he'd handled it like a seasoned veteran. He'd whipped the vehicle into a backward arc that freed the passenger-side from the attacking vehicle and protruding junk, and then gunned it across the road, straight at the approaching gunmen, causing them to scatter and shoot blindly, without hitting anything significant.
Another aggressive backward arc had them pointing back the way they'd come. The other two vehicles in the convoy made their own U-turns, and Private Evans nursed the badly damaged Humvee down a mile of rough road before finally stopping and helping transfer the injured captain to one of the healthy vehicles that carried them back to base.
That intrepid young warrior had spotted the Sempelses and was now walking over.
"Welcome home, Clem," Amber said warmly as she held her arms out to the young soldier. By God, the boy had grown since she'd seen him last in person, he seemed at least an inch taller, about 6' 1". But the happy, shit-eating grin on his face made him look younger, more like 16 than the 20 he'd turned since the ambush.
After a long, emotional hug, she reached up and took his face between her hands. "Thank you, Clement," she said in a husky voice that threatened to break, before pulling his face down and kissing him long and hard.
At least she seemed to be keeping her mouth closed, thought her bemused husband. She broke it off before things gottooawkward, but the kid still looked shell-shocked.
Ray gave a little,whatcha gonna do?shrug of his shoulders, then stuck out his hand. "Welcome home, Specialist." The boy had been promoted to the next rank early, right after showing such cool under fire.
"Uh, thank you, sir. You too."
Amber dabbed at the corner of her eye and looked side to side around the gym.
"I'm sorry. We must be keeping you from friends who want to welcome you back, too."
"No, not really," Evans said nonchalantly. "I mean, most of my buddies were down there with me. And not all of us are so lucky as to have such a beautiful wife waiting on them." The specialist seemed to remember himself. "Um, sorry, sir."
"Don't worry about it. You're only speaking the truth." Ray wrapped an arm around Amber's shoulders, but in a proud, not a possessive way.
She turned in the arc of his arm and looked seriously up into her husband's eyes.
Ray knew that look. Amber had just decided on something. And based on a certain sensitive topic they'd discussed on some calls since the attack; he was pretty sure he knew what it was. He gave her a nod of assent.
Amber turned back to Clem. "So, are you just going back to the barracks then?"
"Yeah, I suppose so. At least long enough to drop off my bag and change into civvies. Maybe go over to the Club for a beer with the boys."
"How about having your first beer with us? I, we, really want to thank you."
The boy's face screwed up in embarrassment, the 'Hero' tag was starting to weigh on his spirit. "That's not necessary. Heck, I had to save my own butt too, didn't I?" He tried to sound light-hearted, but his eyes had gone to the floor.
"I'll tell you what, though." He snuck a glance up at the captain. "After seeing Doc doing his job; how many people he helped down there, I'm glad I was able to be a part of that."
She smiled at Clem and then Ray. "So, I've got two heroes I need to properly welcome home." She linked an arm through Clem's and said, "C'mon, you're coming with us."
The young soldier looked at the captain with some trepidation.
'Doc' Sempels just gave the kid another shrug, picked up his duffel from the floor and followed the others when Amber pulled Clem into motion.
Chapter 4
The enlisted barracks weren't too far from the gym, so they ran Clem over there and he quickly went in, peeled off his uniform and changed into jeans and a t-shirt. He also grabbed a light jacket just in case he was out past sundown. Germany was a heck of a lot cooler than Iraq, even in mid-July. Back in the car they drove out the gate to the married couple's off-base house.
On the way, Amber said, "Let me ask you, Clem. Do you ever think about the first time we met?"
Clem was riding in the backseat and Mrs. Sempels twisted around in the front passenger seat to look back at him. The specialist glanced into the rearview mirror and saw the captain smiling. The older man gave him a wink.
"Um, yeah. A lot, actually."
She smiled brightly at that. "Me too. And do you remember what I told you we would do if you took care of Ray for me?"
The boy gulped. "Yeah...but really, I wasn't expecting anything. I mean, you said it in the heat of the moment and all that."
"It was a very hot moment," the sexy brunette agreed. "But I still like to keep my promises."
Ray saw the kid's mouth open and close like a fish trying to breathe out of water. He stifled a laugh. He'd told his wife that perhaps they should wait and set up this little encounter after the men had had a chance to decompress from the long deployment, and he and Amber had had a few days to themselves. But she'd obviously decided otherwise, and he opted to roll with it for now. Her next words gave him a better understanding of why she'd decided to snatch the boy up right away.
"So, you think about it a lot, huh? I guess that means you liked it. Do you think I liked it too?"
Young Clement wondered if he might actually be asleep and having the most realistic version of this particular dream ever since it had entered his nighttime playlist twelve months before.
But this was also the same then-PFC Evans who had so coolly played a real-life game ofGrand Theft Autojust a couple of months before.
"I think you liked it a lot," he managed to say without his voice cracking. "That's what made it so super-exciting."
"I did like it a lot, and remembering it is still super-exciting. So, you can imagine how eager I've been for Raymond to get home and take me to bed, can't you?"
"I've always said Doc was a lucky son of a bitch," the young man said.
"But you know what keeps sticking in my mind?" she said. "How karmic or cool or just plain hot it would be to end his deployment the same way we started it."
After a pause, she added wickedly, "With a hot fuck in front of an audience."
Clement's mouth was as dry as the cotton he'd picked on his grandfather's farm in Georgia when he was a boy. Before he could choke out any kind of response, they were pulling into the Sempelses' driveway.
Chapter 5
They ushered Clem into a comfy living room and offered him beer, wine, "Or perhaps something stronger?"
"Since I haven't had anything to drink for a year, I'd probably better take it easy," he said, thinking that it was never good to walk through a minefield drunk, and he sensed hidden danger all around him. "Maybe just a Coke?"
In the end, he decided to try a 0.0% Heineken, and his hosts went into the kitchen to fetch the drinks.
The non-alcoholic beer tasted surprisingly good. But of course, what did he know about good beer after a dry year? Captain Sempels joined him in a 0% Heini, while Mrs. Sempels had a glass of red wine.
"Clement, Ray was pointing out to me that I may be being too presumptuous. I've been letting my excitement get the better of me and haven't even asked you if you're interested in a replay of our last encounter. I guess you've been limited to masturbating for the past year and maybe you'd rather go out on the town and find a girl you could do more with."
Damn, this woman's straightforward talk alone was making his nuts swell. Well, at least Clem knew where he stood now. He'd been beginning to wonder if the captain was going to let him fuck his wife in return for getting him out of that shitstorm. That, however, was apparently off the table. But what was on the table was still pretty damn fine with Clement Evans.
"I like your idea about closing the loop," he said to Amber. "Two happy bookends to close off a very tough chapter in our lives."
The woman smiled broadly. "Two happy bookends," she repeated. "I like that." She raised her glass. "Here's to my two happy, sexy bookends." The men toasted back.
"You know one thing that was missing from the first bookend for me?" she asked.
Clem shook his head no.
"I didn't get to see you cum. I could hear it and I could sense it, but I really would have loved to see the big load you sprayed all over the wall. It was a big load, wasn't it?"
Clem had barely managed to keep from spitting out his mouthful of beer when she spoke so blatantly. After forcing it down, he croaked, "Maybe my biggest ever."
Amber was sitting snuggled up against Ray on the sofa. She got to her feet and moved over to the companion armchair to the one that Clem was sitting in. This put her husband a few feet to her left and their special guest a few feet to her right.
"Take off your clothes," she said. "Both of you." Then she raised the wine glass to her lips.
Her husband gave a wry smile and bent over to reach for his feet. He was still in his full ACU fatigues and began working on the long laces of his combat boots.
Clem looked at both of them, then reached down to his own feet. He'd put on clean socks and boat shoes back in his room and easily had them all off before Doc had even shed one boot. Getting to his feet, the young man pulled his t-shirt over his head and dropped it on the chair behind him.
"Mm," Amber said appreciatively as she curled her feet up underneath her and draped an arm along the chair's low back. She'd remembered the boy as kind of skinny, but he'd clearly been spending time in the gym during his desert tour and there were extra pounds of rangy muscle on his lanky frame.
Finally Ray was also up on his feet and unbuttoning his blouse. After it came off, he moved on to his trouser fly rather than taking off his t-shirt.
Clem had his own pants open, and he turned his back to Amber and shook his hips theatrically side to side as he slid the jeans down and poked his ass back at her in a pair of burnt orange briefs.
"Shake it, baby, shake it," laughed Amber.
Now the boy picked up his beer from the coffee table and straightened up, his back still facing the lady voyeur. He looked at her over his shoulder, then just stood there and drank, waiting for hisMagic Mikepartner to catch up.
When Ray's pants came off, Amber saw he was wearing mid-thigh briefs. They looked like the moisture-wicking style he'd bought especially for the desert. They had a formed pouch, and the pouch was filling nicely. A flush of heat ran into the woman's groin.
Now that Doc was down to underwear too, Clem also turned around and faced the man's wife. The warmth in her pussy turned to wetness when she saw the dark spot on the front of the young stud's briefs. He was already leaking for her.
Then her husband was stripping off his undershirt and tossing it on the sofa with his other clothes.
"Oh, baby," Amber moaned. It was obvious that Clem hadn't been the only soldier spending his down time in the base gym. Her husband had always been wonderfully fit, but now he was ripped. He looked bigger in his chest and shoulders, but his body fat had to be below 15%, maybe as low as 10.
Both men slipped their underpants down at the same time.
"Oh, fuck!" gasped the woman.
With her view drawn downward, Amber finally registered that their legs were as well-defined as their chests and arms. But lying between their strong thighs were parts of their bodies that only nature could make special, and she had.
The boy's cock was like his body, long and lanky. Very long. It wasn't fully hard, yet it was jutting out from his body just below the vertical. The head was shiny and bobbing up and down as his body moved.
And Ray's. Oh, God, Ray's! The rest of his body may have changed, but his cock was still just as she remembered, just as she'd dreamed about for a year.
"You two are beautiful."
Chapter 6
"And now I think it's only fair that Clem gets to see how beautiful you are," said Ray.
"Oh, baby. You want me to get naked in front of another man?"
"I want you to get naked in front of me. But I'm sure having another man see you too won't bother you at all. Will it my little exhibitionist?"
Amber gave her husband some side-eye.
His tone of voice changed to something sexier, much more in line with the game they were playing. "I really am dying to have you naked and have no problem at all with you showing off your incredible body. Especially to Savannah Slim, here. After pulling my bacon from the fire, he deserves a real homecoming treat."
"Yes, he does," the captain's wife purred as she looked appreciatively at the tasty male treats standing in front of her. Then her head jerked back slightly as if a thought had literally just hit her. "And besides," she grinned, "it's National Nude Day."
Question marks blossomed on both guys' faces.
"July 14th, she said. "The day when Naturists encourage everyone to shed the restrictions of clothing so they can feel the freedom of living in our natural state."
The boys' shared a glance, then looked dubiously back at Amber.
"I kid you not," she laughed. "But then again, if you're uncomfortable with nudity outside the shower and the bedroom, I suppose you can put your clothes back on."
"Well, actually, there's a lot of good science backing up the idea that going naked can improve one's health," opined the medical man.
Savannah Slim followed up that observation by stating, "And don't some of the greatest works of art in the world celebrate the human body in that natural state?"
"So, Captain," said Amber, staring straight into Raymond's eyes. "Do you want me to get naked in front of Specialist Evans?"
The captain's eyes narrowed. "How else is going to see me fucking you, Mrs. Sempels? I seriously doubt some CFNM scene is going get that long prick of his firing off cum the way you want to see it."
So, Ray had noticed the boy's length too, she thought. And without any apparent jealousy, which made her happy. Because she really was dying to see that slender pink cannon at full length and firing off salvoes of thick, white goo.
Amber was wearing a sleeveless blouse and capri pants, like Jennifer Aniston when she does her striptease in,We're the Millers.There was no music playing, so the military wife didn't start dancing, but she did sway and shake her hips a bit as she began working on the long row of buttons down her front.
When the simple, flowered top came open and off, the boys saw what welcome home surprise she'd been hiding for her husband under her demure outer wear.Mrs. Millermay have been hot, but Mrs. Sempels was scorching.
The brassiere was black and lacy and raunchy. The straps were robust enough to provide support for Amber's 36D's and the see-through mesh cups had prevented her nipples from poking through the public façade. But the diagonal slits meant that a very simple adjustment would have her nips and areolae poking right through.
Amber was very pleased to see both beautiful cocks twitch when she exposed the sexy lingerie she'd worn for her husband's homecoming. That pleasure increased and focused in her erogenous zones when she put her nipples through the peek-a-boo slits and both penises grew an immediate inch. She couldn't wait to see what they'd do when they saw the bottom half of her lingerie set.
Clem was gobsmacked. He'd really only seen flashes of Mrs. Sempels' body last year and then her face a few times over Skype and had naturally fantasized her as beautiful and sexy. And now reality had blown fantasy away.
At 5' 8, Amber Sempels had a lot of leg and it was gorgeous. Top all that leg with an ass that was both full and round, and strong and firm, and you had an Olympic wet dream. Wrap that ass in black lace crotchless panties like Amber had, and you were talking gold medal stroke material that would have the young man blowing loads for months or years to come.
If the young soldier was gobsmacked, the woman's husband was thunderstruck. Clearly, his wife, like him, had filled a lot of her alone time with exercise and it showed. The crotchless panties left a lot of her ass cheeks uncovered and they pushed out even further from her gorgeous legs than he remembered. Legs that looked like they could squeeze the breath right out of him. And her hot tits stood up even prouder from a strong chest. How had the most beautiful woman in the world managed to become even hotter? And when had she bought such wild underwear?
Chapter 7
Amber reached behind her back to undo the clasp on her bra.
"No!" "Wait." Came from the human units supporting the two hard penises that were filling the woman's eyes and thoughts.
"But what about National Nude Day?"
"You're as naked as I want you right now," replied the thick cock.
"You're so beautiful," sighed the long cock.
Amber smiled and went slowly to her knees in front of her husband. "Oh, God, bring it to me," she groaned, reaching out her hands. While he may have gotten trimmer around his waist, he'd lost none of the thickness of his beautiful cock. As soon as he was within reach, she grabbed his sausage and stuffed it into her ravenous maw.
She was almost delirious with joy as her man grew stiff in her mouth. God, how she had missed this! She even forgot they weren't alone for a moment, until she heard the choked whine to her right.
Keeping her head moving up and down over her husband's top three inches, she gazed over to find that her wish to see Clement fully hard had come true. She was amazed at how perfectly the rod matched its owner. It was long and slender and looked as smooth and hard as pink marble. Was the damn thing eight inches long? Or was its relative thinness creating an optical illusion? She longed to hold it up against Ray's solid seven inches for a valid measurement. But for now, she just enjoyed watching the boy's hand traveling slowly up and down the slim length.
Tearing her eyes away from the unexpected surprise package, the married woman looked up at the single soldier's face. It was blank, his eyes staring back at her, mesmerized. But she had no doubt he was watching the dick going in and out of her mouth, rather than her eyes. Her hand went to her pussy and confirmed her juices were flowing freely. She began going deeper on the thick cock, wanting to give their peeping tom an even better show.
"Oh, fuck!" she heard from above her. Ray's voice sounded surprised, caught off guard, and when his hips suddenly began thrusting haphazardly, she realized he was already going to cum. She gave half a thought to backing off and stopping him, but knew it was too late. And not only that, she also realized that she wanted it. She wanted that first load as badly as he needed to release it.
She pulled her mouth off of him just long enough to gather up the saliva coating his shaft with her hand and begin stroking hard and fast along the root. Then she stuck the fat head back between her lips and sucked and licked as nastily as she could.
"Uh, uh, unnhhh!" and her husband's first load since his return from Hell came blasting into her mouth; its salty tang reaffirming that he was indeed gloriously alive. She gulped and swallowed, sending it down her throat, just like his last load before he'd left the year before.
"Huh, huh, huh."
Amber snapped her eyes to the right. Clem was back in his chair, his ass just on the edge and his torso leaning back away at a shallow angle. His right hand had a death-grip on the armrest and his left was flying up and down his prick.
His quick, grunting pants turned into an extended, strangled groan, his shoulders hunched forward, and a series of blasts pulsed out, painting his lean body with streams of jizz from nipples to belly button.
Oh, shit!The married exhibitionist released her man's cock and threw herself back from her knees into her own armchair. She lay almost flat on her back, with her ass hanging off the edge. Her thighs continued straight out, and her knees bent at 90 degrees, putting her feet flat on the floor. Her left hand held the crotch of her slutty panties open, while her right hand strummed wildly across her swollen clit as she joined her lover and their taboo witness in a climax that hit her like a rogue wave.
Chapter 8
Captain Sempels sat on his ass on the rug, his back against the sofa, just where he'd landed after staggering away from the woman's incredible mouth. Ahead and to his right, the wife he'd just shared visually was sliding down to her own ass on the floor, gasping for air as she went. Across the coffee table, about 60 degrees to his left, was the voyeur. A 19-year-old, no, wait, now-20-year-old Army Specialist, who could destroy Ray's military career if he spread word about what he'd done with the captain and his wife. The kid's chest was also heaving as he laid back heavily in the armchair. Ray Sempels did the only thing he could do in such a moment of complete, wild, stupid abandon. He laughed.
Ray's laughter finally brought Amber's eyes open following the sneak attack orgasm that still had her trying to catch her breath. She looked at her husband, sitting seemingly exhausted on the floor, a sheen of sweat highlighting the desert-baked definition of his body. Then over to their house guest, the man, still mostly a boy, who'd saved her husband's life and had now twice masturbated to his own massive orgasms while watching the married couple fuck and suck. Clem's dazed face looked around, apparently trying to figure out what the laughter was about.
"Holy crap," gasped Ray. "I think we just broke the world record for fastest triple orgasm ever."
Amber couldn't help but break out in chortles herself. "I was about to accuse you two of premature ejaculation until I lost it too," she said.
"Oh, shit!" said Clem, trying to choke back his laughter. When the other two looked at him, he was sucking in his gut and hunching his shoulders forward again, making his torso go concave. Then his hand went fishing around the seat cushion under him and began pulling his t-shirt out from under his ass.
"What are you doing?" Amber shrieked in laughter.
"Trying not to stain your furniture," the kid answered. "This stuff is about to spill right off of me." He finally yanked the shirt free and began to bring it to his belly.
"But what will you wear home?" Amber said in a ditzy-blonde voice that started another round of laughter.
Clem stopped and stared dumbly at the black cotton. "Well, can someone quick grab me a towel?" he pleaded.
"Just go ahead and use your shirt," chuckled Ray. "I'll give you one of mine to wear home."
Holding himself in the shape of a cum bowl, Clem laid his t-shirt along his torso. He gently gathered it in from the edges, bringing the remains of the long-distance spurts in toward the center. By the time he got to his belly, the shirt had begun soaking up the main deposit. The young voyeur carefully wiped up his spent seed.
Finally able to sit forward on the edge of the chair, Clem carefully wrapped the messy package up so the wet center was well covered. He laid it on the coffee table, figuring it would be easier to clean up any spillage from there than from the area rug under his feet. And just about under his feet was where he found his underwear. He leaned forward and worked his feet through the leg holes, grabbed the waistband and prepared to stand and pull them up.
"Wait a minute. What? Is that it?" asked Amber.
Clem remained seated but pulled his briefs up to his knees. He looked blankly at the woman and then her husband.
"What do you mean, baby?" Ray asked from his position leaning back against the sofa.
"I mean, is that it?" She looked back and forth at the two men. Poor Clem looked even younger than usual, clearly lost as to how to proceed. Ray's face also looked blank for a moment, then began to scrunch up.
Amber laughed out loud. "No, no, I guess what I mean is, what just happened? Like, I thought we were just getting started and then suddenly it was over. I was really getting into the idea of putting on a show and watching your reactions, and suddenly we're all going off like firecrackers with short fuses."
Ray's face relaxed and the smile returned. "Well, baby, you gotta remember, neither of us has been near a woman like this in a year. No surprise our fuses were very short."
Clem nodded. "I'm lucky to have gotten it out of my pants, to be honest. You must know what affect you have on men." Then the boy's face and shoulders tightened, they were on the wrong side of the party for him to be speaking that way. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Sempels, Cap," he apologized sincerely.
When Amber responded, her voice had taken a turn back into the dark alleys of desire. "Sorry for finding me sexy or sorry for having a short fuse?"
The young man's lifelong sense of Southern decorum had led to his embarrassed apology for speaking so boldly. But it was his hard-earned sense of confidence from the battlefield that shaped his reply to her question now.
His Southern drawl sounded even more filled with honey than usual. "I would never apologize for the truth of the first part, only in the way I expressed it. But I will apologize for the second part. Although I honestly don't think I could have done a damned thing to keep you from setting me off so quickly."
Ray could tell Amber liked that answer by the way her pretty mouth twisted into a happy, wicked grin.
"And how long do you think your fuse would last if I lit it a second time?" she asked the Georgia boy.
Chapter 9
Clem's eyes widened as he took in Mrs. Sempels' words. Then his mouth dropped open as he watched the curvy beauty move from her ass to her hands and knees. The spark from earlier had returned to her eyes as she stared into his, and then she started moving. But not to him. His trapped breath escaped in a sigh of disappointment.
Ray's outstretched legs were only two feet away when Amber moved from her spot in front of her armchair. She straddled them as she crawled forward. She kept going until her knees were on the outsides of his hips and she was seated on his thighs. She placed her hands on her man's broad chest and played idly with its hair as she spoke.
"Baby? We just did what we talked about, and it was fucking amazing. But it really was a lot faster than I, or you, expected, wasn't it?" She didn't wait for an answer, but carried on, only now her fingers played with his nipples. "What would you think about calling that the warmup? Everyone just venting the excess pressure so we can enjoy our little homecoming ritual longer and appreciate it even more?"
Ray copied his wife and pinched her swollen nipples where they poked through the naughty brassiere. Only he pinched quite a bit harder. Her eyes closed and her head went back as she moaned in pleasure.
"You like showing how slutty you can be, don't you, baby?"
Her head and body came forward until her forehead rested in the crook of his neck and shoulder. Her husband's arms went around her. In a sigh that only Ray could hear, she said, "I do." Then she straightened her back and came up on her knees. Speaking now in a voice loud and clear and obviously meant to be heard by their homecoming guest, she declared, "I need fucked, baby. I need you inside of me. Can you fuck me?" With the last words she put her hands into his lap and took his manhood in her grip.
Captain Sempels looked over his wife's shoulder at their audience of one. The young soldier had let his underwear slide back down to the floor and was once again slouched against the seatback with his legs spread wide, so his sandy-haired crotch was on full display. He was still exercising enough restraint to keep his hands up on the arm rests, but despite having just come, his long, slender cock was still showing signs of movement just from watching the married couple and listening to the wanton woman's words.
Ray took grip of Amber's nipples again and applied sideways pressure until his wife moved off of his thighs and kneeled perpendicular to his left leg. Without releasing his grip, he moved with athletic grace to get himself up onto his own knees, facing her. Then he got to his feet, staying bent at the waist to keep control of the big, fat titties. Ray Sempels usually thought of his wife's breasts as beautiful and full and he could look at, stroke, and gently suckle them for hours while watching a movie, curled up on the couch. But sometimes, like now, they were big, fat titties, with whorish nipples, and he wanted to pinch, bite and slap them. The good thing was, most of the times he got into that sort of mood, it was because Amber had led him there; urging him to fulfill her occasional craving for abuse.
The good husband took a sideways peek to his right to be sure he had his loving wife in a clear profile to her adoring fan. Then he began pulling up on the sensitive nubs.
Of course, Amber knew Ray wanted her to stand, but she resisted much longer than necessary just so he could get a real stretch on her fat nips. The pain was exquisite. Finally, she rose. Her husband changed his nipple grip from thumb and forefinger to trapped between index and middle finger. Each bud stuck up above his fingers and he leaned in and flicked them in turn with a hard tongue. She made her own sideways glance and realized Raymond was playing to their audience. The rush of extra excitement she felt from being watched still managed to catch her by surprise, but oops, there it was.
Ray leaned in again, but this time for a deep, tongue probing kiss. He finally released her tender nubs, which sent a different kind of powerful sensation running from breasts to groin. Then he was rotating and taking a seat on the sofa.
"If you want fucked," he growled. "Come get me hard."
Chapter 10
Ray sat close to the arm rest on his right, leaving the two seat cushions to his left wide open. Amber moved into that space on her hands and knees, putting her perpendicular to him, with her head above his lap. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Clement adjusting his chair so he was looking straight at Ray, which put her in profile to him again. His own profile was soldier-straight and true. His cock was showing a slacker's profile, however. But she didn't think that would take long to fix, seeing as how the shaft seemed to be filling and the head was hanging down against his balls, rather than lying curled up in his man bush. Down, but not yet out, you had to love the American fighting man.
Looking down, she saw that the other lovely cock in the room was also returning to life after the fast, explosive orgasms of a few minutes before. However, it too was still drooping down. Amber bent forward and fished the heavy beast out from between the two well-muscled thighs with her left hand. Once she had the velvety head between her lips, she moved her hand out of the way so it wouldn't block the boy's view of how a real woman sucked a real man's cock.
Clem had a nearly white-knuckled grip on the chair's arm rests, not wanting a repeat of his earlier out-of-control explosion. But when he saw the woman's tongue come poking out from between her cock-filled lips and begin circling around the maypole, he had to grip himself. He compromised by using his right hand, since he was a Lefty and usually jerked with that hand.
Ray was happy to find that even though he was 13 years older than young Evans, his cock was only a minute or so behind in joining the kid in erection number two. Of course, the way his wife was slobbering over and periodically swallowing him, would probably have managed to inspire his 77-year-old grandfather's pecker to answer the bell for Round Two.
Amber couldn't wait any longer. Taking her man's thick cock deep in her throat was making her saliva glands release rivers of spit. Combining that wonderful choking feeling with the increasing sounds of pleasure she was hearing from Clem, was causing rivers of another bodily fluid to flow from a pussy which had been unfucked for a fucking goddamn year!
She got up on her knees and swung her left leg over Ray's thighs once again. This time, however, before sitting down in his lap, she aimed his stiff prick straight up in the air. Then she slid slowly down, guiding him through the fuck hole in her panties. She relished each solid inch as it entered her, until all seven were buried in her hot snatch. She dropped her head to her husband's shoulder with a groan and ground herself into him.
Clem had to let go of his dick and grip the arm rests again. The sight of that perfect pussy being split wide by Doc's fat cock was intense. He knew his own cock was well above average in length, and the depth he could drill had been much appreciated by the three lovers he had managed to bed since joining the Army at 18. But he'd also read enough to know that most of a woman's pleasure nerves were up front. He knew instinctively that his Captain's girth would win over his own length every time. But so what? He was just there to watch.
Watch? Just watch?Clem distinctly remembered Mrs. Sempels saying she wished she could have seen him explode in that long-ago men's room. She wanted to be a voyeur as well as an exhibitionist. Well, two should play at that game.
Chapter 11
Remembering back to how Mrs. Sempels had begun describing what Doc was doing to her in that toilet stall last year, Clem growled, "Damn, Doc, you are splitting that shit wide open."
Amber had begun posting slowly up and down on the throbbing erection and Clem could see her pussy lips being pulled out on the upstrokes and pushed in on the down.
"You really had that hog leg all the way in her throat? Fuck, how did that feel?"
"It felt great," Ray and Amber answered in unison.
"And you're sure as hell deep in her now," the young war hero said in a more confident, even dominant voice than he'd ever used before.
"Is he hitting your cervix, Mrs. Sempels? Is he threatening to bust straight into your womb?"
She was just about to tell him to call her Amber, to degrade her as Amber, but then thought better of it. In her head she suddenly heard Simon and Garfunkel singingMrs. Robinsonand decided that she liked being the older seductress for this game.
The married woman bounced down hard on the cock. Then again. And again. Her gasps and whines of pleasure clearly answered yes to the soldier's questions.
"Can you come like that, Mrs. Sempels? Can you come from just a good, hard fuck?"
Amber certainly could with the pussy pounding she was giving herself. And easily would if the beautiful boy kept talking to her like the ravenous slut she was. Could and Would. But Should?
Amber lifted herself off the cock she adored and slid backward and to her feet. She turned around, and stripped the crotchless panties off her hips, letting them slide to the floor. She stepped out of them, then took another step toward Clement and put her left foot up on the coffee table, opening herself completely to the young stud's view. Well, almost completely. She fulfilled that goal by reaching down and pulling her labia aside with the outside fingers of each hand and putting the tips of her index fingers at the opening of her vagina. She spread her married fuck hole open for another man to see.
"I could," she told the man who had saved her husband's life. "And I know you're almost ready to come now from watching him split me open. But I want you to see how much pleasure it gives me to get stuffed and slammed. And I want a better view when your beautiful cock erupts again."
She stepped back toward Ray and grabbed a throw pillow from beside him on the couch. She put the pillow on the edge of the coffee table where she'd just been displaying her pussy. She reached back again to undo her bra and this time it came off. Then she crawled up on the table. Her hands were flat on the wood, her knees were on the pillow, and her feet were sticking out in the air behind her. The men didn't need to be told what to do.
Chapter 12
Ray stood and moved between his wife's outstretched legs. He pushed his blunt instrument down to the horizontal and guided the fat head into the still-gaping vagina.
Clem shifted his chair so he could clearly see the thick cock split the fat lips, but still be sure that Mrs. Sempels had an easy enough view of his own throbbing cock. He bit back on his desire and continued to restrict himself to right-hand stroking at a sedate pace.
"You're going to remember this a long time, aren't you, Clement?" said Amber as she curved her body to the right, let her head droop and looked back past her right shoulder at him. "Going to remember my pink pussy being split open and my big boobs swinging around with every blow."
Clem groaned. He had indeed seen how her large breasts hung below her chest and moved like erotic pendulums in time with each deep thrust into her cunt. A cunt that had darkened and swollen in response to its first fuck in a year. He replaced his right hand with his left.
"But there's something else I want you to remember," the woman said, sharing a life lesson like a schoolteacher in aSilkStockingsLoverstory. "You're going to remember my pussy and tits when you're alone. But when you're with a woman, I want you to remember your captain. This is how you fuck a woman!"
Ray Sempels had been slowly increasing his force and pace, and the froth was building around the rim of the world's greatest pussy. He angled himself to maximize pressure against the network of clitoral nerves surrounding her vagina. He gripped her hips tightly. Some to steady himself, but even more to make sure she knew that he'd understood her words. She was under his control now and he did indeed plan on giving young Clement a lesson in what it meant to be a good husband.
Amber's head suddenly dropped straight down and hung almost as limply from her neck as her breasts did from her chest. If anyone could have seen her obscured face, they would have been struck by saliva dripping from one corner of a dumbly gaping mouth.
Oh, God!Thought Amber. This was it; this was what she missed; this is what she needed. Later, her mind would certainly focus on Ray's fine lovemaking, on the times when he would massage her back and legs for half an hour, and then massage her back for another luxurious half hour while fucking her. But right now, she concentrated on those strong hands holding her, almost as much as that strong cock pounding her. Only his hands were even stronger than before and she knew there was absolutely nothing she could do to stop him, even if he meant to fuck her to death. Her orgasm spiraled up out of the primordial ooze flooding her birth canal and pushed her forehead to the table.
"OH, MY, GOD!" Amber screamed into the well-oiled wood grain. Then she began shaking, even quaking, and the sounds coming out of her mouth were those of a bitch in heat rutting.
Clem's left hand leaped off his cock and landed on the arm rest like a hawk coming in for the kill. Hehadto wait for her eyes to open and for her to look at him.I want to see you cum,she'd said, and by God, he was going to give her that if he possibly could.
Even after a year away, Ray knew his wife. Knew her pussy and how it and the rest of her body moved in a variety of different levels of climax. This was going to be a big one. He shifted up into pile-driving mode and was quickly rewarded with Amber shouting out, "Oh, my God!"just before her cunt clamped down on him and she collapsed onto face and elbows, her thighs quivering as her pussy was pushed against him even harder.
It was all the big man could take and at the end of his last plunging thrust he held himself in her and did his best to send this batch of seed straight through that cervix and into that womb that Evans had talked about.
When Amber felt that hitch in her lover's stroke and then the pulsing of his cock and the spray from his balls, she was lifted up by another orgasmic wave. They were coming in sets now and she was going to surf every one of them until she wiped out.
The horny wife's head was bobbing gently up and down, as she recovered from her second orgasm. She finally opened her eyes and was surprised and delighted to find that Clem had slid his chair sideways and was now sitting just ahead of her and to her right, less than two feet away.
Clem Evans was desperately happy to see her eyes open on the next upward bob and then for the head to stop moving once she had him clearly in her sights. He'd been edging himself, but now his hand nearly blurred as it pulled the loose skin up and down the steel rod beneath. For the second time he threw himself against the chair back, but this time he kept his eyes open to the masterpiece image of a beautiful woman collapsed under the warm weight of a cock in her cunt and her own drooling orgasms.
His own explosion had less semen than before, but it shot it even farther. The first spurt went beyond his right collarbone, the second hit him mid-chest. All the rest ended up on his hand, on his cock, or in his pubes.
The look on his face took all of her attention and triggered another orgasmic shudder through her body. Fortunately, they were declining in power, and she was able to keep her eyes open and relish the anguish of pleasure on his face, the blobs of transparent white on his body, and the cream between his hand and cock as he continued stroking himself.
Amber slid forward, off Ray's prick, and collapsed on her belly on the coffee table, cum dripping from her well-fucked pussy. Her husband staggered back a few steps until he found the armchair with the backs of his legs and sat down, panting. Clem's long, hard staff began to soften quickly from two powerful orgasms in quick succession and he let it rest. He moved his cum-covered hand up, and wiped it clean on his torso, smearing his cumshots thinly across his chest so the spunk wouldn't drip off. Damned if he was going to ask her to move so he could retrieve his already cum-stained t-shirt.
Chapter 13
After a bit of time, Amber opened her right eye. Her left cheek was on the coffee table, so she was again looking straight at her young Peeping Tom. He looked tired and happy; just the way she felt. She smiled.
"Welcome home," she said. Then she raised her voice to include her husband. "Welcome home to my two heroes."