Angie was a bit of a slut and she loved rough sex. But it was getting harder and harder to meet men outside of work because she liked to keep her slutty side separate from her professional life. She had found her current date on a sex forum where she'd talked about her desire to be treated like a slut.
Angie had told him her deepest fantasies, including being fucked in public. He had told her that her fantasies were hot and he would love to fuck her while everyone watched. He had managed to convince her after a week of messaging to meet up. Will was quite good looking, in a clean cut way. He had light brown hair and blue eyes and she liked that he was fairly tall and quite muscular. He said he loved petite Asian women, the sluttier the better. Angie knew she was exactly his type.
She had long black hair and dark brown eyes. She was 5'1" and 115 lbs with 32E tits, which were round and perky, just a bit of underboob crease, topped with fairly thick nipples. She knew her tits were her best attribute, though sometimes she wished they were bigger. But mostly she was glad she didn't need to wear a bra. Today, she decided to be bold. It wasn't like Will knew her. Besides, he said he liked his women slutty.
Angie had obliged by not wearing any underwear. She had chosen a low cut cropped sweater top with buttons all the way down the middle that hugged the swells of her tits. Will's eyes had zeroed in on her nipples. They were pretty obviously poking out and they weren't even as stiff as they could get. Though Angie was excited enough that her nipples were a bit hard. She'd paired the top with a miniskirt that had a deep slit.
"You look amazing!" he said, hugging her in greeting.
Will looked good himself, he was wearing dark slim straight leg jeans and a button up shirt which he casually rolled up the sleeves. His shirt was unbuttoned enough that she could see some chest hair, which she liked.
"You do too," she said softly, letting her tits brush against his chest.
"Shall we?" He offered his arm, which Angie took.
They went into the seedy looking bar, which Will had selected because he said it was never that crowded, which would be better for a first date. Angie had never been to this bar before and noticed that she was the only woman inside and that it wasn't busy. The interior was quite dark and it was poorly lit, she could barely make out anyone's face. Maybe the crowd would come later.
Will motioned for her to grab a table. He went to the bar to get their drinks while she settled into the small booth. She deliberately sat in a way that caused her skirt to ride up her thighs and it was barely covering her thong clad pussy. She stared at him appreciatively as he carried the drinks back and parted her thighs a little so that if he was looking at the right angle he could see her pussy.
She had asked for a gimlet and he'd gotten a whiskey neat. She didn't have the highest tolerance due to her lack of enzymes that allowed her to break down alcohol. She already had an Asian glow and she'd barely had half of her drink, but she found alcohol helped loosen her up even more and made her more extroverted.
Angie was leaning against him and he had his arm around her shoulders. His hand was dangling down and his fingers were lightly touching the top of her tit, which was bare because of how low cut her top was. Her nipples were poking out even more as she felt her heart pounding faster in her chest.
Will lowered his head and his lips brushed against her ear. "I knew you were a slut as soon as I saw you," he said huskily as slid his fingers down and he pinched her nipple through her top. "Only a slut dresses like you with her nipples poking out and wearing a short skirt that shows her shaved cunt. You really do want everyone to see your slutty body."
Angie moaned softly as he tugged lightly on her nipple. Will chuckled lowly and he reached down with his other hand, placing it on the slit of her skirt. She spread her legs and he pulled her skirt up so he could see her cunt He pressed his fingers against her pussy lips and she knew he could feel how damp she was.
"Already ready for me," he said with smug satisfaction. "You really are a fucking slut."
Will slipped a finger into her cunt, which was snug around his thick finger. She gasped when he added another finger and he began fucking her in the booth with his fingers. She knew she had asked for this, dressing the way she had dressed, but even she was surprised by how much she was letting him do in such a public setting.
She could feel her pussy become quite wet when he abruptly removed his fingers and he lifted it up to her mouth. He pressed his fingers against her lips and she licked her juices off of his fingers without him having to ask her. Will then took his whiskey and polished it off. Angie gulped down the rest of the drink and he got to his feet, dragging her along with him.
He bought a round of shots and they drank it at the bar. He then ordered another shot and she protested a little before guzzling it down with him. She was definitely feeling the booze. Will slung his arm on her shoulder, his hand draped over her tit. He laughed at something the bartender said and his fingers were now on top of her nipple. Angie could feel her nipple hardening and he rubbed her nipple in front of the bartender.
"Do you like when I play with your tits in public?" he whispered into her ear.
Will pressed his cock against her lush ass and she could feel how hard he was. He grinned at the bartender and said loudly, "I think we need another round of shots."
Angie shook her head, she was already quite tipsy after one drink and two shots. The bartender poured them another shot and he was holding it out to them. Suddenly Will shoved into her and her tits ran into the shots, soaking her top, which outlined her nipples even more.
"Sorry about that!" exclaimed Will, though he was grinning even wider.
The bartender shoved some napkins over to them. Will grabbed them and he began to aggressively wipe the wet stains on her top. Angie gasped when he pulled her neckline down and exposed her nipples to the bartender. He rubbed the napkins on her tits, which did have a bit of alcohol on them.
"Fuck," said the bartender. "Look at those tits!"
Angie was aware that other men that were standing nearby were also leering at her exposed tits. It was so dark though, she couldn't really see them clearly, but someone had taken out a phone and put their flashlight on, which was aimed at her tits. Her nipples were so stiff from the physical and mental stimulation. She'd told Will that she'd always fantasized about baring her tits in public, but she hadn't thought he'd do it this soon.
"Damn," said a dark haired, tanned man who was standing the closest. He was staring straight at her tits. "She's got some big fucking nipples."
Angie realized that unless she pulled her top up, Will was just going to let these men ogle her tits. She tried to pull her top back up, but she had been so distracted by the men's salacious looks that she hadn't noticed that Will had unbuttoned her top and made it impossible for her to cover herself back up quickly.
"You said you wanted to be treated like the slut you are," taunted Will into her ear as he wrapped his arms tightly around her, trapping her arms at her sides. "You told me your fantasies about being used and abused by men." He cupped her tits and squeezed them for all the men to see. "Did you notice something special about this bar?"
"There's only men here," she whispered so that only he could really hear.
Will parted his fingers and allowed her nipples to poke through and he pressed his fingers together, pinching her nipples between them. Angie moaned, she couldn't help it. Alcohol always took away her inhibitions and she loved having her nipples played with.
"This is a bar for men to bring their sluts," he said, capturing her nipples in his fingers and twisting them. "It's the perfect place to act out all your fantasies."
Angie moaned even louder and she could feel all eyes on her and even though her heart was pounding in her chest, she was secretively thrilled at all of the attention. Her pussy was so wet and she was pushing her ass back against Will's erection.
"This is Angie and she's an Asian slut!" declared Will loudly as he punctuated his sentence by pulling on her nipples.
Angie realized she was an even bigger slut than she'd thought. She was so turned on by being displayed in front of all these men. There was a small crowd around her, but no one was touching her except for Will. He stepped back, pulling her with him so the men could surround her. He shoved his knees between her legs and she had no choice but to spread them wide. Her skirt rode up and her pussy was exposed.
"The slut is dripping!"
Angie felt the light shining on her cunt.
"Are you ready to get fucked?" he said darkly, pinching down harder on her aching nipples.
"Please..." she begged.
Angie could feel her head buzzing from all the booze and she could feel a strong pressure building inside of her. She really wanted to cum. She didn't care that she was in a bar and that these men would see her pussy getting pounded. It was dark enough that no one had really gotten a good look at her face. They were mostly interested in looking at her slutty body and in a way that made her feel almost anonymous.
"Please what?"
"Please fuck me!" she shouted.
Will released her nipples and unfastened his jeans. His big dick, which was long and thick, sprang free. He grabbed her hips and he plunged into her soaking pussy. She could feel the rough teeth of the metal zipper scrape her soft skin. Angie screamed in delight as his cock stretched her tight pussy. Her tits were bouncing wildly with each deep thrust. The men were all watching and taking turns to grope her tits. Will kept hammering into her and Angie could feel her cunt convulsing as she came hard on his cock.
"Are you on the pill?" he rasped as he pulled her hair.
"Yes!" she shouted and he slammed into her, coating her cunt with long spurts of cum. "Fuck," she said as he pulled out of her pussy.
"Get on your knees, slut," he said. "Lick me clean."
Angie got down on her knees and licked Will's big dick clean. She tasted her pussy juices and his cum. When she was done, he dragged her up by her long black hair and he pulled her arms behind her back, so that her tits jutted out even more. All the men in the bar, about ten of them were surrounding her, even the bartender was there.
"Her cunt and shithole belong to me," said Will, "but Angie loves having her tits abused." He pulled out his iPhone and on his screen was a photo she'd shared with him with her tits tied and clothespins pinching her nipples. "Tonight her tits are available to torture."
"Fuck, that's hot," said the dark hair, tanned man who had been fascinated with her nipples. "Does anyone have clothespins?"
The bartender ran behind the bar and pulled out a set of wooden clothespins. Someone held up the light so it highlighted her tits. The tanned man grabbed them and he didn't hesitate snapping them onto her nipples. Angie cried out when the clothespin bit down on her sore nipples. She couldn't move, though. Will wasn't letting her go anywhere.
"You like that slut?" sneered the tanned man as he flicked the clothespins several times and further stimulated her pain receptors.
"My turn," said the bartender. He had also found some rope and he grabbed her tit, wrapping the coarse, thin rope tightly around her titties until they were bulging in their constraints.
One by one, the men each took their turn to play with her tits. One released her nipples from the clothespin only to let them snap back as soon as she felt the blood return. Angie screamed as the clothespins had hurt even more the second time as he let the spring do all the work without any resistance from his fingers. The tanned man had snapped them onto her nipples more slowly.
Another pulled her nipples by the clothespin and elongated her nipples. Angie could feel her orgasm building again. She knew that if she was stimulated enough she could cum from her nipples alone. Some of them squeezed her tied up tits, others twisted and flicked the clothespins on her nipples. Her tits and nipples had never hurt so much before. The last man, who had a red beard, untied her tits and unsnapped her clothespins. She groaned as she felt the blood rush back into her tits and nipples. Was that all he was going to do?
Angie yelped when he slapped her tit. He then slapped her other tit. He alternated slapping her tits until they were bright red, which matched the Asian glow on her face, not that anyone cared. The light was aimed at her tits, not her face. He finished off his turn by twisting and tugging on her nipples. That was all it took for Angie to cum spectacularly, squirting her pussy juices onto the floor.
"Fuck, she really does like her tits abused!"
"Her pussy just squirted!"
"What a slut!"
Will grabbed her tits hard and he imprinted his hands onto her soft flesh. "You are my slut," he hissed. "Do you understand? Whatever I want you to do, you'll do!"
"I understand."
Will slapped her tit brutally, much harder than the bearded man. His handprint was visible on her right titty.
"You are my slut now," he said harshly, "and you will address yourself as this slut and you will address me as master."
"Yes, master!"
Will slapped her other tit, marking both her tits with his hand. Angie had never had any man treat her like this before, especially not one she had just met. But she had shared a lot about herself to him, feeling like it was safe when he had no idea who she was except what she presented and she had presented herself as a slut who wanted to be used and abused. Angie was so aroused that she couldn't think straight. The alcohol didn't help either. She was definitely feeling like she was under the influence.
"Thank these men for treating you like the filthy slut you are," said Will, crushing her tits in his hands.
"This filthy slut thanks you for abusing her tits and nipples!" she cried out, thoroughly humiliated and sexually so stimulated.
The men laughed at her, and Angie wondered if Will was really going to keep her cunt and ass to himself. She could see several cocks straining in their pants. She had never mentioned a gangbang or double penetration to him. She wondered if he was going to give her to all these men. So far he'd just fulfilled fantasies that she had detailed to him. Then again she hadn't thought telling him her fantasies was going to make them a reality.
"Turn around slut," ordered Will.
Angie obeyed quickly and Will began buttoning up her top. He had left the top three undone and her reddened tits were mostly exposed, though her nipples were covered. Still after all the stimulation, her thick nipples stuck out lewdly. Will yanked her skirt down but her thong was long gone.
"Let's get going," he said and held out his arm.
Angie took his arm and they walked out of the seedy bar into the darkening night. Her tits were swaying as Will was tall and he had a long stride. She needed to take at least two strides to keep up with him. She was glad her face was already red from the alcohol because she could blame her reddened tits on the booze as well. No one had to know that her tits were red because she let herself be slapped like a slutty cunt.
"Damn! Didn't know Asian girls had such big boobies!" she heard someone say as they walked by a group of men.
"Her nipples look huge!"
Angie blushed into her Asian flush. Her nipples were quite swollen and distended from being pinched and pulled earlier. She was a bit self conscious about how much they protruded in her top.
"Men love sluts," said Will, stopping all of a sudden, "especially Asian sluts."
Angie was put off balance by the unexpected change in momentum and he caught her in his arms. He whirled her around, where the group of men were still standing. Will lowered his head and said wickedly, "Show them your big Asian boobies."
He then shoved her over to them and followed after her. Angie was glad that it was fairly dark and that there weren't that many people out on a Wednesday night. She didn't know why she felt so compelled to listen to Will, but she already felt such a huge need to submit to his whims.
She normally wouldn't be out during the week like this and she definitely wouldn't be pulling down her top so that her tits spilled out. But she's already let a group of men at a bar watch her get fucked and then play with her tits like she was their fucktoy. Still it was so dim in the bar that no one could really see her face clearer. It was brighter out here with the street lights. These men could definitely see her face, but Angie could tell they were mainly looking at her tits.
Will grinned and he slid the top off of her shoulders so that it gathered around her waist.
"You should tell them why your titties are so red," he whispered into her ear. "I'm sure they're curious."
Angie was burning with embarrassment, but not all the men were looking at her yet though the one who had commented on her boobies was definitely looking at her. "My titties were slapped," she said.
"They can't hear you, speak louder!" he exclaimed.
"My titties were slapped!" she yelled, which caught all of their attention.
The men crowded around her like they had in the bar and she didn't know who slapped her tits first, but soon they were all taking turns slapping her titties. Angie was sobbing because she had already taken so much abuse earlier and her tits were so sore, but she could also feel her pussy getting wetter. Why was she such a fucking slut?
One man tried to reach for her pussy, but Will grabbed his wrist and stopped him. "Her cunt belongs to me."
The men settled for slapping her tits. Angie didn't realize that her tits could get even redder, but they did. Eventually the men grew bored of hitting her tits and Will wiped her tears away and buttoned her top up. Her tits were aching so badly, but she shuddered when he twisted her nipples in a way that made her clit throb.
"You are a true slut," said Will as he tugged so deliciously at her nipples. "I knew it when you sent me that photo of your nipples in those clothespins and I knew I had to make you mine."
-
Will had just dropped Angie off at her apartment. She lived in a fancy high rise building and he enjoyed watching her hips sashay as she walked in with her high heels. He had pushed Angie quite far today and she had reacted like a true slut. She might have cried when the men were slapping her sore tits on the street, but he had felt how wet she was afterwards.
When he had first messaged her, Will had no idea what to expect from this self-proclaimed slut. He had dated plenty of women who said they were slutty and didn't come close to meeting his sexual needs. He had an overwhelming compulsion to dominate and degrade a woman. He needed a slut who would submit to him completely and she needed to be a masochist since he was a sadist.
His dick had gotten so hard the first time he had convinced her to send him a photo of her topless. She had told him her measurements, but that hadn't prepared him for what her tits would look like. She had pretty big boobs for a petite Asian girl. They were round, with just a hint of sag. He liked how perky they were. She would never need a bra. Her nipples were even better. She had complained they were a bit big, but he liked how lewd they looked when they were poking out in her top.
Who would have thought she'd be even better in person? He smiled lasciviously, thinking how she'd reacted to him pulling down her top to dry her tits. She had been embarrassed, but so splendidly submissive when he had exposed her tits to the men at the bar. He had then fucked her like the slut she was, fulfilling her fantasy for public sex. But even he had been surprised at how well she had taken to her tits being titillated by multiple men. They had been quite rough, especially the man with the red beard, who had slapped her tits until they were red.
Will had loved when her pussy had squirted. He had known she liked a little pain from the photo she'd sent with the clothespin, but she liked it more than just a little and he had seen it for himself. It had been so fucking hot to mark her tits with his slaps and make her his slut. The best thrill was forcing her to obey his commands to show her tits on the street to those men and watch them slap her tits until she cried.
He had always been a possessive asshole, he had never liked to share his toys, especially with his older brother. Still there was something quite stimulating about watching his slut get her tits groped and abused by other men knowing that they would never get to taste her cunt or ass for themselves. It had also been the ultimate test of submission, to see if Angie really was the slut he'd been searching for.
Will glanced down at his iPhone where he had dozens of photos of her in progressively more explicit poses. The first photo had been of her topless, the last photo that had been sent this morning with her fingers spreading her pussy apart with her tits tied up in ropes and her nipples pinched by clamps. He had asked for progressively more provocative material and she had complied, much as she had obeyed him tonight even as he had pushed her into acting out her most explicit fantasies.
Angie truly was a big titty, Asian slut-- and now she was his submissive slut.