This story contains futa on a female, oral, anal, and vaginal. all characters are over 18.
--
Dr. Silvia Turner sat on a stainless steel chair, in-front of a stainless steel table, inside of a stainless steel room. She was about to be the first human to meet a newly discovered alien race. She tried taking some deep breaths. Their initial communications suggested that they were very advanced in terms of bio-tech, but less so in other areas. The exchange in information could lead to both species having a lot to gain. All she needed to do was not fuck this up.
She could see her petite, mottled reflection in the steel. She had curly red hair that refused to cooperate with her sleek black suit and attire. She sighed and hoped it would be good enough not to offend whatever creature would walk through those doors. First impressions were always important.
She heard a hiss of pressure and swallowed hard, sitting strait and peering into the darkness as if she wasn't at all worried. "Hello. My name is Dr. Silvia Turner. If your translation device is working, please indicate by-" She stopped as she saw it enter. The alien was a strange mix of familiar, and perverse. It was beautiful and terrifying all at the same time. Mostly she was feeling a strange sense of embarrassment and vulnerability. It was as if she had just found out she had gone to work buck naked. The difference in this case being that she was fully clothed, and it was the alien that was naked.
But the alien didn't act naked. It walked in like it was dressed appropriately for any occasion. Like it was it the garb of royalty. The hips swayed in a proud jaunt. If it was some beast or strange creature that would have been one thing. Covered in scales or fur would have dampened the effect. But no, it looked human. Startlingly human. It looked like a beautiful human woman with smooth skin. She was maybe six feet tall and had a figure like a supermodel mixed with an Olympic athlete. Silvia could see the faintest hint of abdominal muscles curve into a figure that was round and shapely in all the places a woman should be. Well, except one. There was one glaringly aspect to her anatomy that was decidedly less feminine.
There was a cock, about nine inches, fully erect piercing out from her legs, sweeping the area before her as she sauntered in. It was proud and dominating in the cold, sterile room. Silvia wasn't sure exactly what to look at. The woman looked Mediterranean in her features, her bust, hips, height, and cock were all above standard size. She gawked at the beautiful and intimidating figure for a few moments before the alien spoke with a voice that almost sang, "No need. I have already learned your language. You may call me Diana."
"Ah."
"Are you frightened?" the alien, Diana, asked. "I researched your people before arriving so that I may look like you, and you might come to trust me. Did I make a mistake?"
"Uh." Silvia was still gawking. "Very good first attempt." she swallowed. "So you, uh, don't normally look like this?"
"We change our bodies at will to adapt to our environment. The only limitation is the amount of genetic code we have collected." she answered. "Are you unable to do so? Is this why you cover yourself with the cloth of other lifeforms?"
"Y-yes. Something like that." She nodded. "We don't, uh, collect genetic information, and use it like that."
The Diana's head cocked sideways, "Then, what are your sexual organs for?"
"Uh." Silvia tried to follow the aliens reasoning. "Oh well, that is how we reproduce. But we don't alter our own genetics during our own lifetime. At least, not much, and not the way you suggest."
"Strange. And interesting." The alien smiled, almost flirtatiously. "It is nice to meet you. Dr. Silvia Turner." she extend out a hand.
"Diana. On behalf of the Earth Alliance, it is an honor to meet you as well." she shook the woman's hand.
"This is how diplomatic meetings begin with your people, correct? A hand shake?" She asked.
"Yes." Silvia gulped, trying not to think about how close the throbbing cock was to her. "Something like this."
"Would you mind indulging my peoples method of introduction then?"
Silvia would hate to offend such a powerful group. In fact, she was given orders to make the ambassador feel completely comfortable by any means necessary. "Of course. What is it?"
"Would you mind exchanging genetic information with me?" She asked. "It is a common courtesy among my people. Much like a handshake."
Silvia tapped the desk anxiously. "You mean, like, hair or saliva?" she asked hopefully. The alien laughed in a way that made Silvia's blood turn cold.
"No no no. Sperm or eggs." Silvia was silent. "Do you posses either?"
"Uh, I can't really give you those, like, on the spot, like this."
"Why not?"
"Well, um, I'm female, so I do not produce sperm." She started.
"Ah." Diana nodded in understanding. "So your people have multiple mating types. That makes things complicated. We have only one, naturally." Diana looked pensive before asking, "And I suppose your species lack ovipositors."
"That we do. We lack those ma'am." Silvia said. "So, unfortunately, we are at an impasse,"
"I understand. You are unable to give me your genetic information. That is unfortunate." Diana nodded, "But in time, perhaps our peoples can find a compromise. It would still be an honor for me to give you my genetic information however."
Silvia blinked. "So what does that entail."
"Well, according to my research, and your explanations, your species, and mating type, accepts genetic information through sexual intercourse."
"That is accurate." Diana looked at her expectantly. "So you want to," Diana nodded. "Have sex." The aliens hips swayed, "With me." Diana smiled and cocked her head to the side again. "Oh golly gee." Silvia felt her face heat up and her fingertips tingle.
"I have not learned that phrase." Diana said. "What does it mean?"
"It means, uh,"
"Your skin temperature has increased. Are you well?"
"Um, yes, very." She gulped. "This is a sign of, uh," she couldn't think of a compelling way to hide the truth, so she didn't, "Embarrassment."
"Oh? I'm very sorry!" Diana seemed honest. "I had hoped perhaps it was a sign of arousal." Silvia gulped in response and let the alien continue, "Other species we have encountered have many taboos that take us a long time to understand. If I have offended you in any way, please educate me and I will try to remedy the situation."
"Well, ah, let me count the ways then," Silvia began, "Public nudity, public displays of affection, openly asking for sex in a public forum-"
"You seem to have a very conservative culture." Diana seemed surprised and looked down at herself. "But I understand. I will return to my ship and come back once I have met your societies expectations-"
"No!" Silvia stopped her. "That's fine! I'm willing to learn about your culture too!" Silvia nodded, "Is there any way I have offended you?" Silvia started. She realized that would be a good start.
"In some ways, yes." Silvia nodded, waiting for her to continue. "In my culture, genetic transfer is so common, that refusing it is a sign of great hate, disgust, and distrust."
"That isn't at all what I interned to signify!" Silvia said bashfully.
"Then why refuse?" Diana seemed upset. "Do you think my genetics are not worth continuing? Do you, by default, assume that creatures do not deserve to continue their lineage and are useless unless proven otherwise? If not, then this would be merely a personal attack. Please help me to understand."
This was becoming a diplomatic travesty. "Uh," She gulped, "Childbearing is a resource intensive process for us. It takes nine months just to reach maturity, and then rearing the child often takes two decades-"
"I see. And you are unwilling to invest this time and effort into an alliance with my people."
"I am!" Silvia said quickly. "I never said I wouldn't! I just, uh, hesitated is all! Because, uh,"
"Because why?"
Silvia tried to think of the biggest reason. "Because your cock is really big." Silvia murmured.
"I'm sorry?"
"It's a really big cock. And it's been erect and pointed at me for the last five minutes, and I am really intimidated."
Diana looked down at it, than Silvia, "It's only erect because I'm aroused."
"I think I got that."
"Because I would like to exchange-"
"Exchange DNA. Yep. Understood."
"So, will you accept?"
Silvia pursed her lips and looked to the camera in the corner of the room.
It was a small tin box with a red light. But behind that box, connected by elections, were the leaders of the known world and all their advisers. There was the whole of the United States Congress. There was the Queen of England. There was all of NASA. Fucking Elon Musk was probably watching this live feed. Not only hundreds of people, but hundreds of the most important people on the planet.
Before this meeting, they had already decided on a code. If she didn't know if she should agree to something, she would look at the camera. She didn't know how, but there would be a decision made by someone, representing the Earths interests, who would make the red light blink for yes, or stay steady for no. Maybe it was a vote. Maybe it was a five second discussion. Maybe it was an intern in front of a red button. She didn't know. All she knew was that the fate of the planet depended on this answer, and that the worlds leaders all had a say.
The light was blinking. She wasn't sure how long it had been blinking. Apparently she was being given the green light, and it didn't take too much time to arrive to that conclusion.
She swallowed hard, took a deep breath, and mentally prepared herself. When she joined the service, she was prepared to do or die for her country. She had been scared of death, and also doing. She hadn't imagined who she would be doing, and how public it would be, or how important her performance might be. Some soldiers were sent on suicide missions, she reminded herself. This was not that steep a price.
"I," She felt her throat close up on her. She cleared it, "In the name of the Planet Earth, I will accept your generous offer of Genetic Information." Damn. She would have scientists probing her cunt for decades after this wouldn't she? Was she going to get Space AIDS? Would the government take responsibility and give her alimony payments? All these questions distracted her from the fact that the next few minutes were going to be the strangest in her life. "So," Once that formal declaration was done, she stood and asked, "Do your people have an exact ceremony? Do you buy me dinner first? Light some candles..." Silvia shook her head, "Fuck it, just do it. I'll follow your lead." It was a tactic that she had seen a lot of success with in the past at least, with her own love life.
"It would be my pleasure." It certainly would wouldn't it? "Hmm, it would be difficult with those clothes," The alien circled the table, looking at her up and down like a fruit about to be peeled. Damn Diana was tall.
"Well, it's not impossible if I just, move things around," She shrugged. She wasn't sure what would be more embarrassing. Being buck naked in front of the worlds best and brightest, or being fucked in uniform.
"Ah, so you breed from there?" it asked curiously, looking at her unclothed face. "I, yes, I have seen some of your media depicting it. I think I understand."
"Understand wha-" She stopped as the naked, beautiful amazon walked up to her, placed a hand on the back of her head, and pushed her down to her knees. She let it happen, but was confused, "Huh? What do you want me to-" It stuck it's cock in her mouth. "Hmph!" She felt it squeeze her mouth open. It was hard and slick. The alien woman fucked her surprised face with a growl of superiority, she looked down at Silvia with a smirk.
"Yes, you do seem to be enjoying yourself, don't you? Your heartbeat is elevated. Body heat rising." Silvia gagged as it went deeper, "Hmm? Is this entrance truly the correct one?" Diana continued to fuck her throat. Silvia was teary eyed, but resigned to be used by this creature. "Hmm, I do not sense eggs here. Mucous, saliva, Respiratory systems, digestion system," Silvia had tried deep throating before, but nothing this big. She swallowed it down without any recourse. It was strange, her gag reflex was disappearing. Her entire face was feeling more relaxed. She was getting dizzy. Was it something about this slick goo? "Is this correct?" It asked, not taking it's dick out of her mouth. Silvia gargled and groaned, tapping the large woman's hip in a lightheaded fashion. "Hmm? Ohh!" The alien removed the cock and Silvia gasped, snorted and coughed.
She was hoarsely wrenching in air for a few seconds before she said, "Thats- Cough!- not the right hole!" She swallowed down spittle. The taste was strange. Definitely pre-come, but more sweet. Also, oily?. Or maybe it was just how close she had come to passing out. She put a hand on the table to get back to her feet.
She was still out of breath when Diana responded, "My apologies. But it did seem pleasurable to you. You must understand my confusion."
"Well, ah," She smiled, "It's, um, good foreplay, I guess."
"Foreplay?" it asked. "Ah, yes, your species often takes greater pleasure when the exchange takes longer. Would you like more of this?"
"Depends on the mood I guess? Yea, today foreplay is nice," She tried to put her hair back where it should be behind her ears and straitened her clothes, "But, uh, I guess you want to move on to, to the main course." Silvia certainly was, though, she still wasn't sure if she could take it. "Um, any chance you could, uh, lube up a bit more? Maybe?" The amazonian smiled and began to stroke it's cock. Pre-come dripped and covered the member in a smooth, slick film. "Okay." She took another deep breath and tried to prepare herself. She bent over the table and bit her lip as she flipped her skirt up. "Relax Silvia, Relax," she lowered her panties slowly and muttered to herself. "No need to worry, just get this over with." Her pussy was on live television now. She grimaced.
She felt the large woman caress her side. She shivered with anticipation. Then she felt the thick member on her leg. it was hot and hard. The giant alien teased and stroked it against her. Silvia took a deep breath and tried to relax. She felt it across her wet lips and whimpered. "Just put it in!" she begged.
She felt the tip slide up her crack. Then she felt it press on her asshole. "Uh," She blinked, "Wait!Wait!Wai-"
"Hmm?" The pressure stayed, but Diana stopped pressing. She felt herself relax.
"W-Wrong hole again!" She explained. "S-Sorry, I should have been more specific." She thought it would have been obvious that it was the one that was dripping with lust, but she should be more careful.
"But," She felt the cock slowly pierce further into her sphincter, "You said you liked foreplay,"
"Eep!" it was so slick. There was almost no friction. It was just an expanding pressure. "It- It...!" She was going to say that it hurt, but it didn't. "Ahh!" it just felt strangely arousing.
"Do not worry, my solution numbs pain and relaxes muscles. You will not suffer any damage from this." It was shoved in. Silvia felt a confused and sexy heat. It slowly started to thrust in and out. Every stroke made it feel even better. It fucked her ass and made her like it. "I should also warn you, you may loose your ability to speak," Silvia was already feeling like she could hardly say a word without slurring it, she grunted and growled, "The solution in your mouth may numb your mouth and lips. It shall return in time, perhaps an hour" So that's why her tongue was out like a dog. She was drooling uncontrollably on the table.
"Gahh!" Silvia tried to tell her to get it over with, but only managed to moan. "Ohh!" she was sweating terribly.
"These clothes are uncomfortable?" She asked as Silvia clawed at her blouse. "Allow me,"
She had no say in the matter. The alien grabbed and ripped them off, piece by piece, without skipping a beat. Her skirt, her coat, her blouse. Buttons exploded from her chest as she was stripped bare. "Gah! Gah!" She had never been a fan of anal, but if it were like this all the time, she could get used to it. It almost felt like a second pussy now. She was being massaged on the inside. She felt her bra snap and she was suddenly dressed in just her panties at her knees.
The alien snapped those off too. She could have simply let them fall, but no, Silvia had nothing to change into now. She'd have to crawl out of this room naked. Diana said, "See? Better." Silvia looked to the camera, her face contorting. All her co-workers were probably watching too. They saw her tits bounce while she got her rear end pounded. "I find it strange," Diana continued, "That your enjoy this." It slapped her cheeks with a strong hand and she howled. it hardly hurt, it just tingled with heat, "And that? You enjoy that too Silvia? Is that common among your women?" Silvia hid her face on the cold table as she took the hard cock deep in her, "Do all females enjoy these actions this much?" Silvia couldn't answer. All she could do was groan and cry. "Curious."
The alien slowed down, removed it's self from her, and flipped her to her back. Silvia let her legs and arms splay wide open. She was sweaty, wet, and out of her mind with lust. She felt her hips gyrate int eh air of their own accord. "The serum is anti-bacterial, if you are worried about that." it specified as it mounted her, finally, a way an animal should mount another.
"AhAhAh!" Silvia screamed as it entered. Again, no pain. But this time it felt just right. Everything had been leading up to this. She was crying tears of joy. She had never felt this good before. She could feel the things heartbeat in it's cock it was so tight. It was so big and so powerful.
The creature pounded Silvia into the steel table. "Haa! Haa!" She was bouncing. the thrusts were so strong. Diana pounded so deep that Silvia couldn't help but explode. "Ahm! Ahm!" Her lips tried to form words. That was when she felt it. The amazonian woman sighed and she felt a release. She felt it fill her up on the inside, like a hose pressing on her insides. Silvia came and let out a guttural shout as it spilled over and out. "Ahhh!" She shuddered and shook. She couldn't contain it. She was at the mercy of the inhuman cock. She was crying and sputtering and the smug alien looked down at her like conquered land. "M-mu," she muttered, trying to speak, "Mah gawd!" She heaved air in and out of her lungs. "Tha' wath, oh!" She felt the cock leave her and shuddered with the sensation. "Ho' wath ah fo' you?"
The alien creature caressed her face before replying, with a shrug, "Nice to meet you too."