This story is about an MMF threesome it has descriptions of MM bi-sexual activities.
It is remarkable what can happen by just posting a few images on Literotica. I've been on Lit for a few years now and I like getting on different threads and read all the kinky thoughts that people have. It's reassuring to know that I'm not the only one that thinks about this stuff.
My wife and I have had a very good sex life. We are both in our sixties now and the sex is as good as ever. I think we might be a bit kinkier now than when we were younger. My wife just gets better and better, and more erotic. We have had anal sex, made our own sex video, we discussed our fantasies, and even played a few of them out. A little over ten years ago she told me of a fantasy of hers to watch me have gay sex. We role played this gay scenario with a strap-on while watching gay porno together.
She was open to just about anything and has kept our sex life exciting and fulfilling.
As far as the aspects of posting on Lit, and what remarkable thing occurred as a result, a little background on my wife and I is necessary to explain how this development evolved. My wife Layna liked to show off her figure. She had a great body and magnificent breasts. She dressed to show off those assets. When we went out, she drew the attention of men. She was proud of her body. She liked Disco and was a very good dancer. She would dance naked for me to her favorite disco songs. She would put on sexy photo shoots for me. She was the model, and I was her photographer. We did many photo sessions over the years. These sessions started when we were first married and continue until she was about 38 years old.
We would start a photo session by looking at pictures in Playboy or Penthouse magazines. We would pick out pictures we both liked. Layna would duplicate the poses and I would take pictures of her. It was all film and the film had to be sent into a photo lab to be developed. That meant that another person, probably a guy, had to develop the pictures. She knew this but was still willing to do the shoots. Most of those early pictures were of her in lingerie, but she did some totally naked too. It took a confident special woman to do something like that knowing other guys would be seeing pictures of her naked. No telling how many copies of her naked body were hanging on the walls of the photo processor's labs in those days. I think she had a flair for exhibitionism and got a thrill knowing someone might be looking at her erotic pictures.
We probably had a half a dozen photo sessions over the years. My profile picture is an example of one of those pictures taken when she was 25. We went beyond just photos. With the advent of video cameras, we made our own sex videos. We used a VHS camera (a wonderful invention). Our first movie was with a rented video camera. We only rented it for a day, so we had to shoot the entire video start to finish, with a big climax, in one day. She got three orgasms, and I got two throughout that recording.
It started with her coming home from a hard day at work dressed very nicely with her red fuck-me pumps on. I filmed her getting undressed and then putting on her black lace teddy (see profile pic).
The next scene moved to the living room where we made out in front of the camera. I turned her so she was facing the camera. I took her teddy off and she was completely naked. It was mostly her naked in front of the camera while I fondled her body and kissed her neck from behind her.
She said, "Take me to the bedroom."
I picked her up and took her to bed. The next several scenes were all sex scenes. The sex included her rubbing my chest leading to a blow job. Then me giving her a backrub which led to me eating her ass then finishing with anal sex on her. While I was in her ass, she used her vibrator on herself to climax. Next, she masturbated for me. She laid prone in the bed while she rubbed her body and tits and talked to me about what she was imaging. After touching herself all over her body she used her vibrator, and I recorded her climaxing. This was fun because I was holding the camera instead of it being on a tripod. Lastly, I ate her out and we finished up with intercourse until we both came again.
The reason I told you all that was because that is how I ended up with the images I eventually posted on Lit Forum.
I was cruising various threads on Lit Forum when I notice a thread call Amateur Picture Feedback. I scanned through a lot of threads. Some were hot and got some very erotic comments. The people commenting were always very kind and appreciative of the posting. I had posted some of Layna's pictures on a few random threads such as One Tit Wonders, Shape of Woman's Breasts, and Bikini Monday, and the comments she received were very good. I saw some threads that were dedicated to one person usually a woman posting pictures of herself or a guy posting pics of his wife. Many would actively solicit comments, and some got a lot of comments. The guys would flock to particularly hot women. I was wondering what type of response Layna would get.
After debating with myself for a long time I thought I'd start a thread exclusively made up of my wife's Layna erotic pictures. I call it A collection of Images of my Wife. I got out the old photos I took of her during those early sessions. I was surprised that they were in pretty good shape. That was surprising considering how many times I jacked off to them over the years. I copied them by taking digital pictures of them with my cell phone. I had already converted the VHS movies we made to digital a long time ago. I watched the movie and took screen shots of exceptionally hot images of her naked and masturbating. I would crop the screen shots to abide by Lit rules to only have images that show her naked body. The cropped shots didn't show what was happening when the image was taken. It took a while to get through the whole movie because I'd jack off before the end and would start again the next day where I left off.
Once I had the picture edited and ready for publishing, I posted a few. Within minutes the comments started pouring in. She was 35 when those pictures were taken. We did that session after a day she spent sunbathing. She had a fabulous tan, and she wanted a record of it. The picture of her in the Bikini Monday thread was taken that day. Shortly after that picture was taken, we moved inside and took a series of pictures of her naked. (There are still currently two images left on the thread Collections of Images of My Wife).
I had a Thread made up of images of my wife exclusively. The comments came in. Here's a sampling of the comments she got:
Absolutely gorgeous!
Beautiful tits!
Sexy tits!
AWESOME!!
She's a beautiful woman.
The word "BOING!" came to mind immediately.
Beautiful 🔥🔥🔥
Love the pose, lingerie, and of course her very sexy body!
She is sexy af.
Beautiful and very erotic!
What a sexy fuckable ass
Great looking wife...love those awesome tits of hers!
All the comments were positive and very appreciative of me posting my sexy wife. The responses were so overwhelming I had to show her.
She knew about the previous pictures I posted of her. Those posting were just one-off photos in threads that were dedicated to a general subject that numerous people posted on. She was ok with those postings and enjoyed the few comments and likes I told her about. I wasn't sure how she would feel about being the center of attention in a new post, and that the thread was dedicated to her exclusively.
She never looked at Lit before. She really wasn't interested it what I was doing. It was my personal special kinky place, and she didn't care what I did on it. She knew about the stories I published (she even proofread one Gay Anal While my Wife Watches) and the few pictures I posted of her; However, she didn't know how popular Lit was. She didn't know that tens of thousands of people would be seeing her naked pictures. Her thread attracted a lot of attention. After reading all the great sexy comments her pictures generated, I wanted to show her. I wanted her to know how hot other guys thought she was, even women commented on her sexiness. I was hoping that her flair for exhibitionism would reawaken. Back in the 80s, after one of our hotter photo shoots, she wanted to send her pictures to the sex magazine Gallery and hoped to get them published in their Girl Next Door segment.
As I previously stated she was always very confident of her body and liked showing herself off. In the 1970s and1980s Gallery was a very popular sex magazine like Playboy, but Gallery was a bit kinkier. Gallery had a monthly contest called The Girl Next Door. Amateur woman would submit nude pictures to Gallery. They would choose one woman from the submissions and do a professional photo spread of her. That spread would be published in the Girl Next Door segment of Gallery's next monthly issue. I always thought those segments were hotter because these women weren't professional models. It was the first section I'd turn to when I bought an issue. Some winners did go on to higher achievements as one famous ExGirl Next Door became a popular porno star. Layna was bold enough to want to do a submittal. I was too timid and discouraged her. I was worried that friends would see, which they would have, and it would have been too embarrassing knowing my friends were drooling over my wife. If she won and her pictures were published the news would spread like wildfire throughout the neighborhood. I talked her out of sending them in. Looking back, I wish I would have let her do it. It would have been something unique if she was chosen to do a professional shoot. It would have been something exceptional sexy. I was a student of those contest. I study each month's winner. I can honestly say that Layna was hotter than most winners. I 'm sure she would have won. Most didn't come close to her sexiness and her hot body.
We were lying in bed, and I was looking at the new I'll call it the "Layna" thread. I was rereading all the hot comments. I decided I had to show her my profile and have her read the comments about her naked tits in the Nipple Ratings thread (it was one of the first threads I posted pictures of her in). It was a screen shot from our movie when she was masturbating with her vibrator. I cropped it so just her tits were showing. She read all the comments and got a thrill out of it. One of the comments was a guy saying how much he wanted to suck her tits as he was jacking off to her picture. I think she was aroused. I asked if she liked the comments and she said she did. I leaned over to kiss her and reached under the sheets. I slipped my hand between her legs and my finger slipped easily onto her clitoris. She was wet already.
I thought if she liked those few comments, she would love the responses her own thread got. I gave her my iPad and opened the thread A Collection of Images of My Wife. The first photo is a sexy one of her sitting on our bed bracing herself with her hands behind her back and her beautiful tits sticking out.
She said, "What is this!"
I said, "Its a thread I started yesterday it already has over one hundred comments and thousands of views. It's dedicated to you. I only posted a few pictures if you want me to stop I will."
She started scanning through the thread, and she started reading the comments. I had only posted a few pictures of the dozens I had of her. She was reading quietly for a long time. I was wondering what she was thinking.
She finally said, "What's a PM. Some of the guys asked you to PM them."
"A PM is a personal message. It is more private than the posts on the open Forum. Those open posts are there for everyone to read. The PMs are personal communications. It's usually just two people messaging. The privacy allows one to be more unguarded where one can be more personal and kinkier."
She said, "OK. I see. Show me where that is. I want to read your personal messages."
I fill her in on the ins and out of Lit and Forum. She wanted access to my account. She asked for my user ID and password. I was reluctant (as I've made some kinky over the top comments on there), but I opened this can of worms so I couldn't say no. I showed her how to open the PMs and gave her my ID and password. She started scrolling through the numerous pages.
Most of the current messages were about her thread. Most praised how sexy she was and how nice her body was. She seemed to like the ones where the guys were commenting on a specific picture that inspired them to jack off. One picture, where she was naked on her hands and knees in our bed, seemed to get a lot of jack off comments. Many guys talked about how hot her tan body was especially compared to her contrasting white milky tits. Some PMs were my back-and-forth conversations with other guys where they were very graphic about what they wanted to do. The problem was I was encouraging them to describe to me in detail what they wanted to do to her. This was a cockold fantasy of mine that she wasn't fully aware of.
She was really intrigued by one PM where the guy sent a link. When she opened the link, she was a bit shocked by what she saw. It was a tribute photo. His dripping cock head was hovering over her tits where he had just shot his load. The picture was from a screen shot of the sex movie we made. The shot was taken when she was having an orgasm. I cropped it so only her tits were showing. It was enticing knowing that he creamed on her tits right when she was having an orgasm.
She looked at that photo for quite a while. She closed the iPad and turned to face me.
I thought she might be mad, but she said, "Lick my tits like it's his cum you are cleaning up."
My cock sprang into full erection as I did what she said. I seductively lick her tits with long tongue strokes. I would stop at her hard nipples and give them extra attention. I made slurping sounds as if I was licking and swallowing a large volume of his cum. She held my head with both hands and pressed my face into her breasts. She was getting into the play acting as her tits were as hard as rocks and her nipple were fully erect. I licked and sucked her tits for several minutes and she was getting more and more animated.
She grabbed my hair, pulled my head up, looked in in the eyes, and said, "He left his cum in my pussy I want you to clean that up too."
I went down immediately and started eating her out. I sucked her full labia into my mouth and licked her clit through her lips as I sucked them in deeper. I moved my head up and down on her as I sucked her labia into and out of my mouth. She was going wild on my face and kept saying.
"Clean me up. I want all his cum out of me. I don't want to get pregnant you let him cum in me you have to clean me out. Get your tongue in there deeper and make sure you leave nothing behind."
I lapped on her, sucked on her, and finger scooped her vagina as if I was scooping cum out of her. I sucked my finger into my mouth pretending I was eating his cum. I did this while looking her in the eyes and moaning with pleasure as if I loved the taste of his cum. This was all play acting but it was hot, and she was getting into it. I went to work on her clitoris. She was grinding her privates on my mouth and face. Her juices were spread across my face from my chin to my eyebrows. She came in about two minutes which was unusually quick for her. She had a shattering orgasm on my face while she was squeezed her legs together. She squeezed them so tight that she hurt my neck. I didn't care. Her reaction to my pretend cum eating/cleaning of her pussy was enough for me. This was the first time where she insinuated that another guy had fucked her, and it drove me crazy hearing her talk that way. She gave me a blow job after that, and I was so turned on that I came in about thirty seconds.
We finished and I laid next to her. We rested and caught our breath. I was just nodding off when she picked up the iPad and logged into my account. She went back to intently reading the comments on her thread. I watched her for while then fell asleep. I woke up about two hours later. It was late and she was still reading. I glanced at what she was looking at. It was some of my older PMs. Some of those were very kinky. I wrote about some things that weren't meant for her eyes. I pretended to be asleep and watched her reading my most personal Lit Forum and Lit stories with comments. I was concerned because I knew she was going to find some pretty raw conversations. I spent most of my time in GLBT Chatter, Fetish and Sexuality Center, and Amateur Pic Feedback threads.
She saw all my private personal conversations that I had with other Lit members. Some of the subjects I had posts and PMs about were on threads like: Bi married and Closeted, Anal origin Stories, Ever Jack off Where Another Man Can See, Eating Your Own Cum, Jack off Buddies, and Pegging. Many of these subjects were ok as we as had discussed these when sharing our fantasies; however, some topics in my posts weren't meant for her to see. Some of those posts were about thoughts and fantasies that I hadn't shared with her. I posted these in Threads like Cum Eating, Images that Bring Out the Gay in Me, Straight Guys that Fantasize about Cock Club (I had some raw homosexual discussions), and the last whopper Cheating Wives (the inspiration for my cockold fantasies). In the Cheating Wives thread, I had some explicit conversations with a couple of guys that went through the same thing as me. We discussed our wives' affairs. Two years into our marriage Layna had a several months long emotional and sexual relationship with a "work friend". She confessed to me about the affair a few years after it happened, but we worked through it. We have been married for nearly forty years now. I was devastated at first but as time passed (it took years) her sexual infidelity became a turn on for me. Thinking of her fucking him evolved into a full blown cockold fantasy. She knew about most of my kinks but not all of them. I feared she knew about them now.
I didn't notice at first, but she had her hand under the sheets between her legs. She was slowly stroking her clit as she read my stuff. After about five minutes she shuttered for about a minute then stopped. She laid there for a few minutes then put the iPad down.
I stirred and she saw that I was awake. She looked at me and said, "Wow, I have been reading through your stuff. There is a lot here. I thought you didn't have any more secrets. How could you discuss our relationship with a stranger. You know I feel terrible about what I did. It was over forty years ago, and you still think about it?"
"Yes, I still think about it. It was therapeutic talking to someone that went through the same trauma. What made it therapeutic was he went through the same process as me. We both started out distraught but as time passed the thought of you fucking another guy became very erotic to me. He felt the same way and we exchanged fantasies of watching our wives do all kinds of kinky sex. The distress morphed in a kink, and I get aroused thinking of you with him. I hold no anger about what you did. I wish I could have been there to see it. It has become a full-blown cuckold fantasy of mine."
"It's a fetish now, I have envisioned you in all kinds of sexual scenarios with your lover and with several of our friends too. A common theme of the stories I write is you and me in a threesome with another guy. The main part of the threesome is me watching you fucking him. Why do you think I bring your affair up periodically? It's because I'm trying to get more juicy details for my fantasy. I get excited when you talk to me about it and the more explicit the better. I got over the emotional part of your relationship with him a long time ago, but the sexual part has stuck with me in a strictly erotic way. Yes, I would like to watch you fuck another guy."
"You are a pervert, aren't you? You have an overactive imagination, and maybe a few too many unusual proclivities."
Proclivities is a fun code word she uses. It is a generic term that encompasses all the sexual fantasies of mine that I have talked to her about. She usually uses it when other people are around to tease me without anyone being the wiser.
She continued, "I have some more questions. There was some very graphic homosexual discussions you were having with other men. I thought you were just play-acting/role-playing with me when we had our gay video nights. I told you, in the heat of the moment, that I wanted to see you do it. I was just adding to the excitement by talking that way to make it feel real, but I told you afterward that I didn't really want to. After reading you PMs and posts I don't think you were just playing. Let me ask you a question. If I said it was ok, would you have sex with a man?"
"I was afraid you would see those. That is a tough question. Since we started the gay sex role-play, I have been thinking about it more. If you remember it was you that initiated it when you told me about your fantasy of watching me with another man (Wife Admits to an Unusual Fantasy). The acting out has reawakened something in me that was dormant for years. Before we started this gay fantasy play, I had the odd gay dream, but never gave it serious consideration. I just assumed it was a manifestation of my subconscious from the experimenting I did with other boys when I was young. I'm in my 60s now and have these renewed desires that I don't think I want to ignore anymore."
Layna responded, "When we act it out it is very sexually arousing. It gets me so excited I think it effects my nervous system and I shake inside for hours afterwards. It is very intense and in the heat of the moment I really do want to watch you have gay sex. When I say it, I mean it, and I wish there was someone there at that moment because I want to watch you get fuck so bad it hurts. When I come down from the sexual high, I'm afraid, so I say I was just pretending. In the back of my mine however I still crave it. Just talking about it has me turned on enough to say yes let's do it. I really want to watch you with a man. It would be so hot."
She continued, "Until now I didn't know about your fantasy of watching me with another man. I thought something like that would be too upsetting to you. I feel guilty about my actions back then. I felt terrible I hurt you like I did. You never told me that my actions had manifested into a fantasy for you. I wished you would have shared this with me. I would have been ok indulging your fantasy by play acting just as you did mine."
I said, "It looks like we both want to watch the other with a man. We both have unusual proclivities. You read the posts. There have been several inquiries about our willingness to have a three-some and all those inquires came from men. With you involved It would be easy to find a guy willing to join us. If we wanted, we could make this happen. Both our desires could be satisfied. Would you want to try a threesome?"
"Are you sure you want to? If I agree, would you....no this has been exhausting I don't want to talk about this anymore. I'm too tired to think about anything like that right now. Let's go to sleep and talk about this later."
Several days went by and we didn't discuss what happened the other night at all. I wanted to bring the subject up, but I didn't want to push too hard and turn her off to the idea. I did one time and she just said she wasn't ready to talk about it. Weeks passed.
The comments kept coming. Layna liked the PMs and started responding to them herself. We decided to add more pictures. We looked at the collection and would decide together which ones to post. We decided that once her thread moved to the third page on Amateur Picture Feedback, we would post a new picture. Surprisingly the lingerie pictures were nearly as popular as the naked pictures. She was really getting into reading the comments.
It became our routine that we would read the new Lit Forum comments at night when we went to bed. Reading the comments got her aroused and I'd reap the rewards (Thank you Forum posters). We were having sex almost every night we read them. Our frequency increased dramatically. A common theme that kept popping up was request for recent photos of Layna. I asked if she wanted to post any current pics, but she said she didn't want to as no one wanted to look at a 60-year-old woman's body. I told her she was wrong. I tried to persuade her and told her she was still very sexy, but she still said no; however, the comments persisted. One stated that it would make all her fans very happy just to see her even if she were dressed. They wanted to see current pictures.
I looked through our recent beach vacation pictures and found one I thought she would be comfortable with. It was a photo of her in her one-piece bathing suit sitting on a beach chair reading her book. Her legs looked fantastic, and her breasts were pressed up showing a nice view of her cleavage. I cropped out her face and it was just a picture of her body in a prone position. She liked the picture and reluctantly gave me permission to post it. So, I did.
Here are some of the comments:
I'd say she's matured like a fine wine!!
Looks great!!
An awful lot to admire there - such a delightful sight. Beautiful. X
See I told you. I bet she still had an amazing figure, and I was right.
If I had a woman like that in my bed, "HELL, I'd never leave".
Perfect body for all types of sex xxx.
I'd fuck her in a second.
She was very happy when she saw the comments about her 60-year-old self. I think it was a much-needed self-confidence builder. She thought as an older woman she had no sex appeal. She was finding out that she had more sex appeal than she thought. I told her she was sexy, but she said I had to say that because I was her husband. However complete strangers were raving about her body. The comments kept coming in about how sexy she was. We posted several more recent pictures, and she kept getting great reviews. Most of the pictures were pictures from last year's beach vacation.
We posted a few more beach pics when one night I asked if she would pose for me again. She was reluctant but did it. I took some of her in her short pj's bottoms and matching spaghetti strap top. She looked good in them. Her legs were still fantastic, and even though her breasts were a bit saggier they were much bigger probably 36 D versus her hard sticking straight out 32/34 C cups of the 80s. Her tits were still great and much better for titty fucking. The comments were very flattering and sexual.
The commenters started asking for her to re-enact the older pictures. They wanted to see her redo those nude pictures.
Would love to see the 2023 version of that pose non nude even😘
She was a hottie back in the day and as the 2022 photo proves she still got it now, should just get her to pose in her underwear doing the same positions as she is as sexy and please let her know that.
After all the delightfully positive and erotic comments about that beautiful body, both in these deeply erotic older snaps and the 2022 clothed update, is there a small chance we could all convince your wonderful wife to recreate this image for her fans on here? We could all worship at the altar of your wife's beauty and sexiness!
In anticipation,
Thank you x.
She had a renewed confidence in her body thanks to the comments she was receiving for the Lit members. She started wearing more revealing clothes and was getting some admiring stares. I thought she looked great and her new attitude toward herself manifested itself in the bedroom too. We were having sex more often and it was getting more erotic as well. My Layna of the 80s was re-emerging. The Gallery Girl Next Door was back.
We had posted numerous current pictures in her pj's and some additional beach shots. These new photos got some very explicit comments. The post were asking for more. Her fans wanted to see all of her. I talked to her about taking some naked pictures duplicating some of the originals. She agreed and we started looking through the collection and picking suitable photos. The comments spiked when we posted her first current nude photos. The guys were raving about how sexy she was. She got into it, and we started posting more and more erotic pictures. Layna was a changed woman. She was proud of her body and got a thrill from the comments she was getting.
One night we were reading through a new flurry on comments and PMs when she came upon one that was of special interest. This PMs suggested she ask for tribute pictures. She had already seen the one tribute on her tits and that one really turned her on.
She asked, "What do you think about asking for tribute pictures? Do you think the readers will respond favorably?"
I said, "Absolutely you already got one unsolicited, and many of the comments are from guys jacking off to your pictures. I'd bet that they would love to send a tribute to you but didn't want to offend you and risked you not responding to them anymore. You should respond to each entry in the PM section and give them our secret email so they can send additional pictures."
We wrote up the invite to send tribute pictures, and any cock pictures to our email if they wanted. We posted and went to sleep. I got up the next morning and checked our post. They were about 25 tribute pictures posted. I checked out the email and there were more tributes and even more hard cock pictures. Some guys talked about how their cocks were perfect for fucking her, and several wanted to titty fuck her. Many of the tributes were on older Layna's pictures. Those guys were the smart ones because I knew she would appreciate that gesture.
The tribute pictures had a profound impact on Layna. She loved looking at them particularly if his dripping cock was in the picture. Layna was very excited with the all the responses, but the tributes were her favorite by far. We started going through the post and emails. She let the guys know it was her responding and she responded to every post and every email. She was spending a lot more time on her iPad. I hadn't seen her that motivated sexually in several years. She was consumed with reading their responses and looking at the pictures. She told how some of them wanted to fuck her. She even filled me in on all the details of the sex she had with her lover forty years ago. I had been trying to get her to tell me about those details for decades. She would talk to me about what they did together, and it drove me wild.
We would be watching TV and she would be on her iPad. She got in a lot of back-and-forth conversations with many of the guys. I was gone for most of one day and as I was leaving, she was texting someone. I left Layna to continue her correspondences.
I got home about six hours later. Layna called for me to come upstairs. She was in bed completely naked using her vibrator on herself. She told me to sit on the couch. I watched her vibrate herself. Her beautiful body was on full display, her legs were spread, her hands were between legs at her genitals pressing her vibrator into her clitoris. She let go with one hand grabbed the base of her left breasts pulled it up and started sucking and licking her own nipple. She knows this drives me crazy when she does this. She stopped sucking on her own tit and started talking.
She said, "Do you really want to watch me fuck another guy? Do you want to see me spread my legs inviting him in? Do you want to watch his cock slide inside of me? Do you want to see me wrapped my legs around him so you can watch him plunge in and out of me?"
This whole time she was gyrating her hips and lifting her ass off the bed as she ground the vibrator hard against her vagina. She started sucking her tit again as she looked me in the eyes. She stopped sucking herself and continued talking.
"Do you want to see that? Can you imagine how hot it would be for me to feel another cock inside of me? I want it. I want you to watch me get fucked. Do you want to see him on top of me between my spread legs? Do you want to see his ass tighten as he shoves his cock deep into me and watch the base of his cock jerk rhythmically while he cums deep inside of me? Do you want to see him pull his cock out of me and watch while his cum gushes out of my pussy? Do you want to see that I love having a strange big cock in me? Do you want to see Rodd fuck me?"
With that she clenched her legs together, pushed the vibrator against her clitoris, and shuddered for over a minute as she had a prolonged orgasm.
I almost came in my pants when she said his name. Rodd? How did she know about him? Rodd was someone I had been jacking off to for months. I saw a picture of him posted in "Images That Bring out the Gay in Me" thread. He is a young guy with abs of steel and a very impressive cock. When I saw it, I posted one word, WOW. That's it, but when I got horny, I'd go back to that photo for masturbation purposes. His abs, legs, cock, and balls are the hottest I've seen on any posting in Lit. This guy was fucking hot, and I dreamed of sucking his cock.
I took off my pants. My cock was hard as fuck. I got on top of her and had my cock buried in her quickly. I started plunging into her warm wet velvety smooth vagina. I was so hot from all of her talking especially because she was talking about Rodd fucking her. We play acted a lot of gay scenarios but this new cockold base theme drove me crazy with lust. I think I was only in her for a minute when I shot an explosion of cum into her. I shot so hard it felt like my balls were being sucked inside out. I was done but still excited when she added to my excitement by saying.
"Now go clean his cum out of me."
Usually, I lose the urge to eat cum out of her after I climax, but I was so turned on by her talk that I didn't hesitate. I went down on her. My face was hovering over her mound. I could see the white cream running down her vaginal lips. I had a close-up view of her and was staring at her vagina when she flexed it and a large amount of cum leaked out of her and dripped down her labia. I drove in and started lapping the whole length of her womanhood. She started moving her vulva on my face and she climaxed in a couple of minutes of me eating her.
I moved up to lay next to her. She turned to give me a deep kiss. My face was covered in cum and her juices. She usually doesn't like getting cum in her mouth when she gives me a blowjob, but that wasn't the case this time. She kissed me hard and shoved her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues intermingled. She sucked my lip into her mouth then licked my lips clean with her tongue. I kept some cum in my mouth, so I know she got a good taste of it.
We broke off the kiss and laid quietly there for a long time. I was wondering how she knew about Rodd. How did she pick up on that one-word post of WOW and know that he had such an impact on me.
She finally said, "I found somebody. Its set up for next week. I know you'll like him."
I said, "What are you talking about? It's set up next week!? What do you mean? Who did you find?"
She said, "I have been communicating with someone I know you like. I saw the post you made on his picture. I thought he was a WOW too. I made my own account, and I sent him a PM. He responded to me, and we have been conversing for a while now. I told him about our thread, and he sent me a half dozen tribute picture on what he calls his favorite photos of me. I took a few selfies and sent them to him. He sent me a video of himself jacking off. Today, after you left, he noticed I was logged onto Forum. He messaged me and told me to go to Lit Chat. We went into a private room and chatted live. The talk moved to sex, and he was describing what he wanted to do to me. I got aroused.
One thing led to another, and we both started masturbating. We sent each other photos while we were doing it. In the heat of the moment, I got the urge and texted if he would be interested in a threesome with my husband and me. He said yes, I sent him some naked pictures of you, and he thinks you have a nice cock and would love to suck it. We discussed where and when we want to do it, and how we could make it happen. He lives in New Orleans. I told him we would fly there next weekend and meet him. He has a boyfriend who he is living with, so he is going to come to our hotel. Once we were done, I booked our flights and a five-star hotel near the French Quarter for next Friday returning on Sunday. What do you think about my plans."
"I don't know what to say, but holy fuck. What got into you? I've always wanted to have a threesome with you and another guy. That would take two big fantasies off by sexual bucket list. I love your plan. I love you for making this happen. I can't wait for next weekend. We are both going to live out fantasies we have craved for a long time. It's finally going to happen. Can I see the video he sent you?"
While I was watching the video, I was thinking about what we were going to do in less than a week. I was already scared and anxious. Watching him playing with his cock and knowing that soon Layna would be fucking it was extremely arousing. I was also envisioning my mouth around that beautiful cock. I was thinking about sucking him until he started grunting then cumming in my mouth. I haven't experienced that for over forty years. I going to finally do it again. What makes this long craved for homosexual experience even more fantastic is Layna will be right next to me experiencing it with me.
We both passed the time talking about how exciting it was that we were trying something so outlandish. Do people start this type of sexual behavior after they turn sixty? We went through our sexual prime never giving this type of sex a thought. Here we are now sexually more excited than ever. Maybe this is our new sexual prime.
The week past slowly but we were finally on the plane to New Orleans. We got there and checked into the Hotel. Layna had Rodd's cell number and she texted him we were there. We made plans to meet at a nice restaurant.
Layna and I got there early and had a drink. We anxiously waited for him. Finally, she spotted him and waved him over. We both stood up as he approached. He went straight to Layna and gave her a big hug and a somewhat long kiss for a public place. He turned to me we shook hands, but he reached over pulled me to him and gave me a hug too. It was like we were long-time friends. Or people might have thought he was our son. We all sat down. He was very handsome and built. He was a very nice polite young man.
We got back to the motel and went up to our room. As soon as the door shut, he took Layna in his arms and started kissing her. She kissed him back. There arms were wrapped around each other, and he was pulling her in tight to his body. Her head was tilted up reaching for his lips. They were standing there making out in the middle of our suite. It wasn't surprising they started so fast as they were making out in the cab, and he was feeling up her tits before we got to the hotel. I thought that they started so fast that I should get ready, so I took my clothes off and was standing there naked playing with my hard cock while they kissed passionately.
He reached down and grabbed her by the inside of her legs and lifted her up while spreading her legs around his waist. She locked her legs around him and he started grinding into her genitals as they continued making out. After a minute or so he turned his body, so her back was to the bed, and he laid her down on the bed. He stood up, kicked his shoes off, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants, and pulled his pants and underwear off. He pulled his shirt over his head and threw it on the chair. He had a stunning body. He had a muscular chest and washboard abs. Hie cock was magnificent standing straight up with an upward tilt to it. He was standing above Layna completely naked, and she was staring up at him in awe. His cock was standing at rigid attention at her face level with a large drop of pre cum dangling from his cock's hole. I don't know how she resisted not taking that cock in her mouth, but I think she was mesmerized.
She hesitated so I moved forward got on my knees and took his cock. He grabbed the back of my head and started fucking my mouth. I gagged with his first couple of thrusts but I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock so it wouldn't go in as deep and continued blowing him. Layna was sitting up watching us. I started to fondle his balls with my other hand while he continued to rock his hips back and forth mouth fucking me. I reached behind his balls and started fingering his anus. My saliva was dripping down his cock to his balls, so I lubricated my middle finger with it and proceeded to shove it up his ass. He liked this as he reacted by shoving my head harder onto his cock. I got to a point that I was able to remove my hand from the base and take his full shaft. I was sucking him all the way to the base while fondling his massive balls and massaging his prostate. He was getting into the blow job, and I was excitedly anticipating taking his cum in my mouth. He let me continue for only a short time. He pulled me off and explained he didn't want to cum too soon. I knew I had him close, but I wanted him to save it for more important activities. I figured, as a young guy, he could probably cum and get it up again at least three times. There was no need to expend one so early, but I did want his cum in my mouth before the night was over.
Layna was sitting on the bed intently watching us. She was on the edge of the bed with her legs hanging off the foot of the bed. He moved toward her. He was standing in front of her with his seven inches pointed straight at her face. His cock was glistening with my salvia and his precum. She reached up and took his cock in her hand and slowly stroked it while she twisted her hand along the length of his shaft. He closed his eyes and let her stroke him. She was staring at it and would squeeze the head as her hand moved to the end. His cock head would swell with blood, and it was huge. She was anticipating with a consuming lust what it was going to feel like when that head entered her. She wanted him right then.
He reached under her arms and pulled her to her feet. She was standing in front of his naked muscular body. She started lightly touching his chest. She ran her fingernail over his chest, feeling the hardness of his pecs, and scratched her nails across his nipples. He started to unbutton her top slowly and seductively as he was looking into her eyes. When he finished, he pulled her top over her shoulders where it fell to the floor. He began massaging her breast through her bra. She reached behind her back and undid the bra. He reached under the bra and continued rubbing her breasts and touching her nipples. She moved her shoulders to an angle where the straps fell off her shoulders and a second later slid down her arms. She straighten her arms and the bra fell to the ground bouncing off his hard cock.
Her full breasts were exposed to him, and he said, "Beautiful."
He began kissing her neck and worked his way down to her breasts. He took a hand full of her breast, squeezed it tight so her nipple was sticking out, and sucked her nipple into his mouth. I could see his tongue swirling on her nipple. She let out a moan grabbed a handful of his long hair and pulled him in tight to her chest. He sucked her nipples then eventually moved down her body kissing her stomach along the way. He looped his fingers around the elastic waistband of her leggings and pulled them down to her ankles where she stepped out of them. Still kneeling in front of her he reached up again and pulled her panties all the way down. She kicked them away.
He looked up at her naked body, stared into her eyes, and said, "You are so fucking utterly sexy."
He then reached up with both hands, grabbed both of her ass cheeks, and pulled her pelvis into his face. I heard him audibly inhale deeply through his nose several times as his face was buried in her crotch. Layna just rubbed her hands through his long blond hair and pulled his face into her. He stayed there for quite a while just breathing her in.
I was playing with my dick as I took in the erotic image. An image of my naked wife standing in front of this young, built, handsome guy, with his biceps bulging as he clutched her ass with his face burrowed between her legs. He lifted his head and told her to sit down. She was on the edge of the bed with her legs spread apart. He was positioned between her legs. He told her to lay on the bed which she did. He grabbed the back of her knees, pulled her legs up, and pushed them forward. He pressed them so far forward that her thighs were nearly against her chest. Her vagina was tilted up and fully exposed. He slowly licked her labia in long sensuous tongue caresses. He started at her anus and worked his way the length of her vaginal opening ending with his tongue flicking her clitoris. After several seconds he would lift his head off the clit and lower down to insert his tongue in her anus again and start the sensuous tongue caressing again.
I moved onto the bed and starting kissing Layna. She was moaning continuously into my mouth. She shoved her tongue in my mouth and moved it around feverishly. She was moving her pelvis on his face. She made a strange sound and started pumping faster. I think she whispered "Oh my god' then she tilted her head back closed her eyes and took in the sensation. I sat up to suck her tits, but I saw what he was doing so I watched instead. I couldn't really see what he was doing with his hands, but he wasn't holding up her legs anymore he had both hands between her legs under his chin. He was moving his hands back and forth. He was fingering both her vagina and anus while he continued eating her. Layna was holding her legs without the support of his hands, and I knew that was hard to do. I grabbed her legs behind her knees and pulled her legs back. This lifted her pelvis higher and exposed her vagina even more. He plunged his tongue deep into her as his fingers worked her holes. She started thrashing her hips and I helped as I rocked her lower body by pushing on her legs. She let out a loud groan and climaxed all over his face.
He lifted his head and saw me lying next to her. He wiped his mouth, moved over, and sucked my cock into his mouth. His mouth felt fantastic. I could feel the stubble of his five o'clock shadow on my inner thighs and balls. He was still kneeling by the foot of the bed. Layna had recovered from her orgasm and started rubbing my chest and pinching my nipples she knows I love that. She leaned her head into my ear and whispered.
"Do you love it? Did you love watching me and him? Is he as good at bllowjobs as he is eating pussy? My orgasm was amazing. I want another one can he fuck me next?"
"Yes, he sucks cock great. It's been a long time since I got sucked by another guy and yes, I'm loving it. I don't want to cum yet. Yes, please ask him to fuck you."
With that said she kissed me deeply, lifted her head and as she slid up the bed said, "Rodd I want you...I want you inside of me."
She settled down with her head on the pillow and spread her legs wide. Rodd looked at me and I said, "She wants you."
Rodd got on the bed on his hand and knees crawled over me to get to her. He moved between her legs and settled down on top of her. I saw his ass flexing as he moved around trying to align his cock with her opening. He paused for a minute then he pushed forward. Layna let out a very loud moan and wrapped her legs around him. They both started moving their pelvises in unison. I watched in wonder as this young good-looking man was fucking my wife. She had her arms wrapped around his back and they were making out passionately. It was so fucking hot watching her move under him. I was still halfway down the bed so all I had to do was lean over a bit and I could see it all. His shaft was inserted into her, and I watched as he moved it in and out. He changed his rhythm and began taking longer strokes. I saw his cock come all the way out. I could see the head clearly then he would thrust it back into the base where his balls bounced against her labia. She was making noises and thrusting her hip back at him. She was quite animated and seemed to be really enjoying his cock plunging away.
I sat up and was staring at his cock sliding in and out of her as well as his balls bouncing off her. I couldn't take it and I had to get in on the action. I moved over between his legs. I edged up toward his flexing ass. I started rubbing it. He moaned as I squeezed his cheeks. I was squeezing his ass tight with my hands on each cheek. I started using my arms to push his thrusts harder into her. I helped him fuck her more forcefully. Each time I pushed his ass into her my hands would spread his cheeks apart. I got a real good view of his hole. I could see his puckered pink ring flex with each thrust. I couldn't resist and plunged my tongue into his ass. He responded immediately by moaning deeply and spreading his legs further apart to open for me. When he spread his legs, he forced Layna's legs even further apart. She was spread wide. She placed her feet flat on the bed and used this as leverage to push back at him harder.
I was eating his ass trying to keep my tongue in it as he moved around fucking my wife. I could smell his manhood mixed with the wonderful fragrance of Layna's wetness. The combination was fantastic. After eating his ass, I moved lower and started licking his balls. He had large balls, so I'd suck one into my mouth then switch to the other. They were nicely shaved so I didn't have to worry about hair, and I could just enjoy the taste and smell of them. I moved lower, and this was the best part. I stuck my tongue out as far as I could and was able to lick his shaft. It was hard reaching it, but I kept pressing my head in hard between their legs. He felt me pushing so he got up on his knees, grabbed Layna's legs at the back of her knees and pushed her legs forward and leaned in toward her to give me more room. Their coupling genitals were inches from my face and his push forward exposed more of them which gave me enough room to get to his cock. My tongue reached his shaft easily and I lapped his shaft as it moved back and forth inside of her. Each time he withdrew from her wetness I got a fresh taste of my wife essence off his cock. I heard the sodden sopping wet noises emanating from Layna's pussy as his cock moved in the folds of her inner vagina. By the sound of it she was extremely wet. She was having a hard time getting wet of late but not this time. He didn't even use lube when he entered her.
I reached up with my hand and started touching Layna's anus. It was dripping wet and well lubed from her juices leaking down there. I shove my finger up her as. I started moving it in and out of her in time with his shaft's movements. Very soon afterward Layna got more energetic She started moaning and grasped his ass tight. She wrapped he legs around him. He was still on his knees driving into her.
She scream, "Oh my god I'm cuummming!".
She was clutching at his back and thrusting her pelvis at him determinedly. She came in an explosion of sounds and gyrations.
I the middle of her climax Rodd let out a huge moan and said, "Oh fuck I'm cumming too."
She clutched him tighter and said, "Don't stop keep pumping."
He kept pumping into her then abruptly thrusted forward and held it there. I saw his cock disappear into her womanhood. He held it still and I saw the base of his cock pulse, then a second later I saw another strong pulse, then another, and another it kept pulsating. I didn't think it was ever going to stop. He was ejaculating into her. His cock must have pulsed a dozen times while it was buried inside of her. I thought 'how much cum dose this guy have?'
Layna became quiet and relaxed her legs and laid there breathing deeply. He kept slow fucking her and I could see the cum oozing out of her each time he pulled back. He eventually pulled out and rolled to the side of her. I waited and watched her vagina. It came in a gush. Much more semen than I expected. I was surprised by the shear volume of cum. If he would have shot that load in my throat, I think I might have drowned in semen. I drove into her cunt and started lapping it up. I licked and sucked her clean. I moved from between her legs and saw that Rodd was still hard with his cock glistening from his cum and Layna's juices I cleaned up his cock too.
I moved up the bed and laid next to Layna opposite Rodd. We all just laid there quietly breathing heavily. They both looked spent, but I hadn't got one yet and I was still raring to go. Layna rolled toward me and gave me a deep kiss. I kissed her back and we held each other. Rodd broke the silence.
He said, "Layna that was great you are a phenomenal woman. That was great. I'm glad you posted those pictures, or we never would have hook up like this."
"Thank my husband he posted them, and I'm glad he did. However, it was him that noticed you first. He saw that picture you posted and responded with one word. WOW. I saw that you were looking at my pictures, so I thought I'd pm you, and here we are."
Rodd said, "Thanks Dave. Thanks for letting me fuck your wife and your help getting us to orgasm was extra special. You are very good at sucking cock, but when you started eating my ass I almost shot right then. That was hot. My boyfriend won't even do me that way. Are you sure this is your first time in fifty years?"
I said, "I feels weird to say your welcome for fucking her, but it was as hot as I hoped for. I was on an extended sexual high throughout, and I know Layna enjoyed it as I don't think I've seen her that wet and aroused in a long time. You have reawakened the sex crazed woman I married. Thank you."
We laid there chatting. The three of us completely naked with Layna lying between us. She was uncovered completely bare showing zero inhibitions just talking comfortably in her own skin. She casually talked as if it was just a normal day. I asked if anyone wanted something to drink. Layna wanted a Pepsi with lots of ice and Rodd wanted a beer. I got up and got the drinks from across the room. When I came back Layna and Rodd were making out. He had his hand between her legs and was fingering her clitoris. I brought the beer over and laid it on the nightstand. I began kissing and sucking her tits. She was moaning and moving her pelvis on his hand. We took turns kissing her and sucking on her nipples. I reached down and put my finger up Layna's ass. She moaned deeply. We both stopped kissing her and just watch her sensual body move in response to our touch. She began feeling herself up and started gyrating her hips and breathing faster. She threw her head back, clamped her legs on our hands, squeezed her tits, and had her third or fourth orgasm of the night. She is amazing when it comes to orgasms her record is over thirty in one session. Most of those were with her vibrator.
Layna relaxed and said, "That was great."
I reached for the beers and gave one to Rodd. I gave Layna her Pepsi. We laid there in bed naked relaxing and casually drinking our drinks as if we were just sitting around the living room with a good friend.
I knew the sex for the night wasn't over yet. Layna still needed to see me take Rodd's cock up the ass. I had been craving that cock for months. I got to suck it, but it was time to feel it buried in my ass. I knew Layna would be ready again especially because she was anticipating Rodd fucking me. Rodd came in an explosion. He shot more cum in her than I could muster in twenty ejaculations. I'm sure he is up for more. I saw when he was fingering Layna his cock was rock hard and leaking precum. The whole time we have been drinking our beers his cock was more than half erect. I wanted to blow him again then get him to fuck me.
I sat up and said, "I think it's time Rod it's my turn to have your cock. Can you go again?"
"I can go again but I could use a little help as I'm only half hard."
Layna didn't hesitate this time and before I could act Layna was leaning over his cock playing with it. She grabbed it on the base and swirled it around. She took it and slapped it on her mouth several times as if she were trying to wake it up. It worked as it started to grow and was at full erection in seconds. Continuing to hold it at the base she licked around the head. She pop it in and out of her mouth a few times. She then began licking the length of it. She started on his balls and slowly licked in one long lap up his full shaft. She licked it like it was a delicious ice cream cone moaning while she did it. What made it even hotter was she was looking me in the eyes the whole time. She covered the length of his dick this way at least a dozen times. She took her time savoring his rigid member. She did one last long lap of his cock but when she got to the top, she swallowed it down. She only got about half of his dick in but each subsequent swallow she took more of him. He started rocking his hips back and forth enjoying Layna's blow job. I couldn't watch any longer and joined her in blowing him. We shared his dick for several minutes. He was rock hard and leaking precum like a faucet. We took turns feeding each other his juice.
Layna pulled his dick out of her mouth and said breathlessly, "I want to watch now. Rodd, I want you to take my husband's virgin ass. I want to see Dave's face when you slide into to him, and he feels a real cock for the first time."
Layna sat up next to Rodd and looked at me. I moved over and straddled Rodd's hips. His cock was standing straight up pointing at my ass. Layna said wait a second and reached over and got the lube. She took a handful and coated Rodd's cock. She squirted more on her hand and spread it on my asshole. She inserted two fingers into my ass and twisted them around. She worked on me for a while as she spread her fingers to loosen me up. She has pegged me many times and knows how to prepare my ass correctly for the least amount of discomfort and for easy penetration. Once she finished prepping me, I started to settle down on top of him. His cock missed my hole, and I moved around trying to align it correctly. Layna leaned in took hold of his shaft and directed it to my anus. She took her thumb and pressed the head of it into my ass. It started to go in. She told me to sit down on it. Her prep time was worth it as his cock slipped into me easily and it didn't hurt at all. I was a little worried as his cock was bigger than my favorite pegging dildo.
I started to ride him. The feeling when his cock slid all the way into me was indescribable. Nothing I put up there over the years felt as good. It was slippery, smooth, unbending, and soft all at once. When that huge head of his spread my hole wide then slip past the inner ring, I was in ecstasy. I thought I could feel the ridge of his glands massaging my prostate and I started leaking so much fluid I thought I ejaculated without an orgasm. The feeling was very intense and had me at the very edge of orgasm, but it wouldn't quite cum. I never had this type of prolonged extreme pleasure. I looked at the fluid leaking from my cock and it was clear like precum not milky like semen. I knew I hadn't had a full ejaculation yet.
He was lying still as I rode the entire length of his shaft. It was fantastic. It was much better than getting pegged. I had my hands on his chest and was rocking back and forth. I looked at Layna and she had a look in her eyes of utter lust that of a wonton sex crazed woman. I felt on such a sexual high taking a cock while watching my wife stare in awe at me and him fucking. A real cock for the first time. This was something we had been play acting for over ten years. Here we were doing it. We finally made it happen and I it was all her doing. All the misgivings we had are no more. I know this will not be our last time. The experiment worked we have opened a new chapter in our sex life even at this later stage in our lives.
He started getting into it and started pushing into me harder. He became more aggressive with his motion. He was fucking me hard when he flipped me around and got on top of me. We were in the missionary position, and he began pounding into me feverishly. Layna laid next to me and started kissing me and telling me how hot it was watching. Rodd started grunting with each plunge when he let out a huge groan and shoved his cock deep into me. I felt it swell and begin to pulsate just like when I saw him cumming in Layna. He shot his load into me. He collapsed onto my chest and laid there breathing heavily. He rolled off me and I hadn't cum yet, but before I could say anything Layna was sitting on my cock and grinding into me. She fucked me for about 30 seconds, and I shot a huge load into her. She kept riding my cock and got another orgasm before I got soft.
We were all spent. We laid there naked and all three of us fell asleep. I woke up from the noise of Rodd fucking Layna again. I moved toward Layna, and she suck my cock. Everyone had another orgasm. Rodd left shortly after that last fuck session. We planned to see him again the next night and I think he said he might be able to get his boyfriend to come. Wow three guys and Layna I can't wait. She might be sixty, but I know she is woman enough to handle three guys.