You feel it coming on again. The warm sensation that is now spreading gradually, from the top of your skull, down to your toes, as your special ability kicks into gear. You had suppressed it all night, but now three drinks in, you cannot resist the urge to impose your fantasies on the cute bartender.
You lean forward on your bar stool to get a better look at her, as she serves a round of shots at the far end of the bar. Her black hair falls in a cascade of tight curls, all the way down her back. She is wearing a light-blue T-shirt emblazoned with the name of the bar, paired with black leggings.
You wonder how she ever managed to yank her pants on, over that huge ass. She is thick in the way that only brown girls get to be thick, with a teeny little waist to boot.
You lean forward on your elbows, focusing the totality of your reality altering power on her. Her black leggings slowly morph into black bike shorts, and then into little booty shorts. The shorts only partially cover her big butt, leaving the bottoms of her plump, caramel-colored ass checks hanging out.
You whistle to yourself, long and low, as you admire your handiwork. She just continues pouring drinks and flirting for tips, totally unaware of your meddling. Later on, she might wonder what on earth got into her, dressing so slutty for work. But she'll never suspect a thing.
Likewise, none of the bar patrons notice that anything unusual has happened, even as they all drink in the captivating sight of her huge wobbling ass.
As you polish off your fourth drink, she bends ninety-degrees at the waist, in order to retrieve some beers from the low fridge. You see the faint outline of her pussy pressing against the stretchy fabric of her teeny shorts. Your cock swells, and a fresh wave of warmness crashes over you.
She stands upright once more, with four beers in hand, still in her snug little shorts. They have ridden way up her ass. She puts the cold cans down and reaches in between her big soft cheeks, in order to fix her wedgie.
Suddenly though, in the blink of an eye, she finds herself in a black pleated skirt, with one hand adjusting her hot pink panties instead. She grins a bit sheepishly, but finds it hard to be too embarrassed, knowing full well that every man in there wants to bust a nut all over her giant ass.
She continues serving drinks, even as the bar crowd becomes more rowdy and inebriated. Every 20 minutes or so, you give in to temptation and remove another inch from the hemline of her skirt, until she is boldly rocking a miniskirt.
Even standing perfectly straight up, her skirt now fails to cover her huge, luscious backside. And if she bends or leans forward at all, her tiny skirt rides up even higher, exposing her skimpy panties. She smiles and flirts even more aggressively with her customers, as they buy her shots and leave big fat tips.
You chuckle to yourself, as you notice her leaning into all the attention. She bends deeper at the waist, and purposefully wiggles her big ass, as she struts around back there. As she bends down to fetch more beers from the low fridge, with her perfectly round ass sticking straight up in the air, you notice a big, dark wet spot in the crotch of her panties.
For the third and final time, you feel that same warm sensation fill you up. In the blink of an eye, her skimpy underwear disappears, leaving her sweet pussy fully exposed to the entire gawking bar. A chorus of hooting and hollering and catcalling rises to meet her.
She simply freezes like that, with her big ass in the air, shocked and embarrassed to find that she has somehow exposed herself. Her shaved, gleaming pussy is noticeably wet. She feels a couple of beads of warm wetness slide out of her, and down the backs of her legs.
She straightens up, allowing her tiny skirt to fall back into place. She gives the crowd an abashed smile. However, in spite of her embarrassment, she is incredibly horny. She is also acutely aware that she is emanating the hot heady aroma of a thirsty, well-lubricated cunt, from underneath her shrunken skirt.
The cheers and catcalls grow louder, as the intoxicated crowd hungers for more from this thick little slut, who is parading around back there with her ass and pussy out.
Suddenly, the men all begin stuffing the big translucent tip jar with fistfuls of cash, as they continue egging her on. You see her waver a little, as she fiddles uncertainly with the hem of her skirt.
Slowly, she begins raising her skirt higher, playing to the crowd. She wiggles her hips, causing her huge ass cheeks to jiggle and clap. She teases them with token protestations of innocence, even as she flashes her pussy.
They continue encouraging her, and stuffing the big tip jar, until finally she is wearing her miniskirt like a belt, way up around her flat belly. Her massive ass is completely out. Her hot, wet cunt is running like a tap.
She spanks her own gorgeous, fat brown ass several times. She begins very gently rubbing her bare pussy with one hand, while pointing at the tip jar with the other hand.
You wait calmly and patiently, with your phone out, recording her very public display of depravity. As the rollicking crowd eagerly dips back into their wallets, she smiles wide, throws her head back, and slides four fingers deep inside of her aching cunt.