I had always been attracted to what I was not allowed to do. It made me hot to break the rules, and do things that I shouldn't do like, sex in public, taboo, you name it. I didn't have any stepfamily, but I had always dreamed of crossing that line with a bi marriage family member. Sometimes I would masturbate in public, just to get a thrill, and the thought of someone catching me always made me orgasm so much harder. I would finger myself at my desk in college, and once a guy caught me doing just that. He winked at me and motioned for me to come into the hallway with him. I asked the teacher for a hall pass, and when I met him out in the hallway, I pushed him into the lockers and began making out with him.
He was caught by surprise but was happy to oblige. I was always so fucking horny, that we ended up fucking hard in the janitor's closet. He bent me over and I held onto a large shelf with cleaning supplies. We rocked the shelf until we were sure someone would hear us. He grabbed my arms and put them behind my back as he drove his hard-on deep into me. The loud slaps of our bodies made me orgasm even harder. That was the first time that I ever squirted. I would stand naked outside because I knew my neighbour's son liked to watch me. He had turned eighteen the week after me, but he was always watching me around the neighbourhood. I would wink at him every now and then, just to keep him interested. Yes, I was a risk taker to say the least, and that is why I was ecstatic when I found the Society.
Apparently, it was started in the seventies by a married couple that lived in the house. They didn't have any children and were avid pot smokers. They apparently had a threesome one day, and decided they wanted to create a sex scene in their house. They completely renovated their basement and turned it into their sex ring. They dug out and expanded the garage in the nineties, with the financial help of the other members. There were about forty people in our community who would go to the house, and I knew some of them. One of them was even a judge. We all kept it a secret though. Nobody had broken the secret society yet, and I wasn't going to be the first. I was happy Tiny was a part of it too, because I could always use her as a cover with my parents.
I was going back tonight again, and I couldn't wait to see what it held for me this time. I wanted to really dive deep tonight, getting into some other people. It helped that I was bisexual, as I loved to eat pussy and take cock at the same time. It was so hard to find people willing in a small town though, that is of course until the Society. I went to the mall and bought a few sets of lingerie, as I wanted to be sexy for them tonight, so we could all fuck each other. I chose a few red outfits, a blue, and a purple one. When I got home, I hid my bags under my bed, as this was not a conversation that I wanted to have with my parents. I had put them in a box that just fit under my bed.
I left the blue one out of the box though, because it was my favourite, plus I wanted to wear it tonight. I went outside in my underwear so I could catch a bit of a tan before tonight. I looked over and sure enough, Will, my neighbour's son was at his bedroom window watching me. I decided to rub my tits to get myself ready for tonight, it was too much for him, and within minutes I could see him jerking off under the windowsill. I loved it.
I was now putting on my lingerie, then waiting for Tiny to text me that she was downstairs to pick me up. I picked up jeans and a tank top, making sure to keep my lingerie covered from my parents. My phone buzzed just as I was pulling my tank top over my lacy blue bra. I ran downstairs and out of the door, I hopped into the car, and we rode over to the house, parking back in the same lot as before. Tiny put her cigarette out on the ground beside her car, before walking over to the house and in the door. We saw Hunter at the back door again. Tiny kissed him again, this time taking a bit longer to make out with him. I rolled my eyes and walked past them to the large door.
"Bye Tiny" I said, opening the door.
She didn't even come up for a breath of air. Once I was in the room I started to undress slowly. I was looking around at the crowd tonight, Tiny's parents thought she was at my house and mine thought I was at hers, so we were here to fuck the night away. I couldn't wait as my panties had a stained dark spot from how wet I was with excitement. There were a few men and women on my left discussing the toys in one of the display cases. There were three women in the bed to my right kissing and making out. There was also an array of butt plugs and dildos on the bed in front of them. I circled the bed slowly, checking them out from all angles.
One was Chinese and had a small tattoo in the lower part of her back. Another was blonde with big brown eyes that looked deep into your soul. I dragged my fingertips along the edge of the bed as I walked around it. The soft silk on my fingertips sent sensations through my body. I walked over to a small wooden contraption in front of the man holding a whip. It had a man tied up in chains by his hands and there was a woman in front of him holding another whip. She was popping his thighs with it, making him groan and bite his lip.
"I might have to borrow that," I said to myself.
There was a row of men standing beside a bed towards the back of the room watching someone on the bed, but I couldn't see who. I walked closer, around all the men and saw Tiny, lying on the bed. She had already gotten started. She was naked and rubbing her hands all over her body.
Oh, I wanted to be part of this, so I lay on the bed with her, kissing her hands and her boobs. Three of the men that were standing around the bed looking at us were rubbing their cocks. Tiny smiled and giggled when I began to kiss her stomach and belly button. I had never done this with Tiny before, it was exciting as I leaned down and got my face close to hers. I pushed my nose against her pussy lips and took in a big sniff. The smell of her wet pussy was enough to make me wetter than before. I heard the men gasp as she jerked with excitement, laughing quietly. I kissed small pecks on her pussy lips, feeling her wetness seep from between her lips. Licking it up, I made sure to swallow her salty fluids, as the men were watching us intently, making me feel all hot and bothered.
I wanted them to watch us. I leaned up kissing her stomach and tits again. I slipped up and kissed her full on the mouth, as our tongues were moving back and forth, swapping her wetness between us. I looked at the man in the middle of the line and motioned him to get in with us. He climbed in, crawling over both of us, and lay with us on either side of him. He leaned over and licked my neck from chin to ear and it made my arms spring with goose bumps. He then leaned over Tiny and sucked a little on her nipple, making her smile and tilted her head back. He then bit down on it, making her grab the back of his hair. I lay back and looked over to motion another man in bed with us.
One man was making out with Tiny and the other was making out with me., Tiny and I were rubbing each other, fondling our tits and fingering our nipples. The men stopped to suck on our boobs, and we started to make out. Tiny was a great kisser, and I was getting more and more wet. My man slipped a finger into my pussy, curling up and grabbing my insides to pull towards him. The gentle rub on my insides made my stomach drop. I moaned loudly, looking at the last man standing up beside the bed. He was watching us as he stroked his cock.
"I want to suck you," I said, looking at him.
The other man pulled his finger out of me and shifted to get behind me. I sat up on all fours and reached for the cock, as the man behind me smacked my ass and rubbed his fingers through my pussy. He slapped his cock on my clit a couple of times before slipping it into my small, wet, tight hole. His cock was big and stretching me wide. I moaned loudly then sucked hard one time.
The man stepped forward and pushed his dick deeper into my mouth. (I would probably say... deep between my lips.) Tiny slid to the end of the bed and lay on her back underneath me. Her face was even with my pussy, and the man's prick behind me. She leaned up and kissed my clit, brushing her nose on the dick inside my pussy. The last man climbed over Tiny and began to rub her clit with his cock. He then slipped it inside her, making her moan and vibrate my pussy while it was in her mouth.
He began fucking Tiny, making her face bounce on my clit as the man behind me began to fuck me, smacking his balls against her face. I was sucking the dick of the man in front of me. I was getting so fucked. My pussy was licked, and my hole was fucked along with my mouth. I was so full and loving every second of it. My mouth was bouncing on the cock in front of me, and my ass was bouncing on the dick behind me. I reached over and began to rub at my friend's clit, as the dick in front of me was being slapped on my face. I was moaning and taking a good beating from the front and the back. Tiny started to shake underneath me, stopping her amazing head occasionally to throw her head back. Tiny moaned out loud yelling that she was about to orgasm.
I kept sucking the cock in front of me, and hearing her moans made me ready to climax too. I pulled the dick out of my mouth and began to jack it off, throwing my ass back into the cock behind me. I felt it build in my stomach as my knees squeezed together, and I arched my back letting the cock go in deeper. I moaned loudly that I was going to orgasm on the cock behind me, and my pussy juices started to drip down onto Tiny's face. She opened her mouth, licking and swallowing my pussy juices that were pouring onto her face. This made the guy fucking her cum inside her, and the guy behind me slammed deep inside of me. I could feel his cock spurting his spunk inside of me as he grunted loudly before pulling out.
The guy in front of me stepped around behind me to slide his big hard pecker inside of me. I moaned loudly as my pussy muscles clenched around him pulling him in towards me. He started to ram into me and was now fucking me hard and fast, it hurt but I wanted to take it for him.
"Yes baby, cum for me, cum for me, you feel so good inside my wet pussy, oh fuck yes" I groaned encouraging him to keep fucking me.
He reached forward and grabbed my hair with his fist and pulled back. My head was tilted back to the point that I couldn't talk, just moan. He gripped my ass hard, before slamming deep into me one last time. He pulled out and pushed back inside and kept fucking me while I was climaxing.
"Yes, baby cum in me," I moaned, throwing my back into him.
He slipped out of me and stepped off the bed, as I collapsed onto my side making room for Tiny, who was laying there recovering from her orgasm. The last man jerked his cock fast and hard, moments later he was spurting over the both of us. We both panted hard, ready for round two.