In the morning I got up to brush my teeth. Kate was just leaving the bathroom, and our eyes locked briefly. Kate's neck flushed bright red, and I quickly looked away. We didn't speak the rest of the weekend. In fact, we hardly spoke 2 words to each other all week. And I only saw Cassie once. I was completely on edge. I tried to start a conversation with Kate on Wednesday, but as soon as I said I was worried about her and Wrackoff, she cut me off. "I'm fine" she told me. "I know what I'm doing. Don't worry so much."
When Friday rolled around I found myself nervously waiting in my room after classes. Abnormal Pysch met once a week on Monday nights, and I had skipped Monday's class. I couldn't face Wrackoff. It was a study session anyway in preparation for our final exam, and I didn't really need it.
When Kate walked in at 8:30, she was blushing before the door had even closed. She rarely wore makeup, but tonight she had on some sort of light lipstick, and it was heavily smudged. I wondered what debauchery she had in store on the memory stick she handed me. "Kate" I said, "We have to talk about this."
"Watch the tape, please. For me. Please." she said. "I have to go. I'll be back tomorrow and we'll talk then. Please." It wasn't like her to stay out all night unless she was going home to her family, and I rose out of my seat, but she had already turned and walked through our common room, closing the door behind her. Julie had moved out the week before with her soon-to-be-husband Charlie, and Cassie's room stood open and empty as well. I felt so alone.
I returned to my desk and stared at the red memory stick. I ought to turn this over to the dean. I shouldn't even watch it. But Kate's final word haunted me. She needed me. I could do this for her, and when I was done watching it, I could always decide to turn it over to the police.
I loaded the file and pressed play. Wrackoff was there, sitting in the same padded leather chair. This time he wore a dark brown robe, that looked soft and luxurious. There were two small footstools beside his chair, one on either side. I didn't think they had been there the last time. Kate was already sitting across from him, but the camera had a slightly different angle as well. It more or less looked over her right shoulder, directly at Wrackoff. He looked up, right at the camera, with his little smirk.
"It's time for your next lesson. I hope you are ready Katie."
The abrupt beginning caught me off guard, and my enmity toward him increased. My Katie was not a plaything. He was her professor, not her lover. He was twice her age. This had gone far enough. I was turning this file over to the dean of students - when I was done watching it to make sure there was nothing else inappropriate.
"First we'll do our counting exercises again. Say the numbers with me." While Wrackoff was talking to Kate, the camera angle made it seem like he was speaking directly to me. I assumed he had chosen the camera angle so he could favor me with his smirk even more. He was absolutely unbearable.
The counting exercises were as boring as they had been the first time around, but I hung in there. The room was lit by overhead cone lights, one over each chair, but their design left the rest of the room in deep shadow. It made me wonder where this room was. Was it in Wrackoff's house? Were the windows covered over? Was this from today? As the counting droned on, I swore I saw movement in the deepest part of the shadows behind Wrackoff.
I realized I could be missing the very thing that Kate was so worried about, the implanting of hidden suggestions, so I tuned back in "...Ten, you are fully awake and alert. Good. You will follow all of my commands, and the very act of my commanding you will arouse you."
On the screen, Wrackoff's smirk deepened as he reached for the waistband of his robe. It opened and out sprang his cock again. Kate moved smoothly out of her seat, and knelt in front of him, hands behind her back. As she settled in, Kate's head blocked his penis from my view. I realized I'd crept forward from my desk chair to get a better look - I swore there was movement in the shadows still. As I adjusted to get back in my chair, Wrackoff guided Kate to the side, so that she was kneeling to his right, her head inches from his right knee. His glorious cock was visible once again, and I settled back down for a closer look. It was every bit as magnificent as the first time, and I inwardly cursed his good fortune, and my own lack of experience. I was sure that there was an abundance of equally gorgeous phalluses in the world, I just had not been exposed to them yet.
"Take off your shirt and bra Katie." It was wrong, and I knew it in every particle of my being, but her immediate move to obey aroused me. I could feel my own nipples harden and in my panties a sudden heat reminded me that I was every bit a sexual being. My breath grew shallow as she took off her top. From this angle I could only see her side, as she leaned toward his erect member. He grabbed her silken dark hair again in one fist and pulled her mouth onto his penis. He moved her smoothly, letting half of his cock in and out with every stroke.
"We're going to take you deeper now" he intoned, and began using his other hand to push the back of her neck. "And you're going to take me deeper too, like last week. While you do that, I want you to touch yourself, imagining that it is my fingers on your clit, my cock sliding in and out of your wet pussy."
Katie's hands dropped to her skirt, and pulled it up, revealing a startling lack of underwear. One hand clearly began rubbing circles around her clit, while the other one began to piston in and out of her, two or three fingers I couldn't be sure. Her whole body was in motion, with her frantic stroking and thrusting, and her head moving steadily up and down.
I am ashamed to admit it, but it was so unbelievably erotic, I found myself rubbing my own clit in time to the scene below. Wrackoff was clearly enjoying himself as well, as his breathing grew heavier. I could see even from the side the soft red flush of arousal creep up Kate's chest and over her breasts until it reached her neck. I knew she was nearing orgasm, as her fingers began to blur as she stroked herself. My own fingers grew more urgent as the scene unfolded before me.
"Stop!" commanded Wrackoff suddenly. I was stunned into immobility, as Kate's hands immediately fell to her sides on the screen. Wrackoff pulled gently on her hair and her mouth came up and off his penis. "We have more to do before you or I come, sorry my dear." He reached his free hand out into the shadows, in a beckoning gesture. A hand grabbed his and he pulled someone into the light. It was Cassie. She was naked. My mouth dropped open. Wrackoff patted the small stool beside him, and Cassie stepped up onto it, immediately stepping across until she had one foot on each small footstool.
Cassie had an unbelievable body. It was truly a marvel, with her powerful arms and shoulders, tight calves and quads, and flat taut stomach. Now every inch of it was on display, as she stood framing Wrackoff, one long leg on either side of his torso.
"Sit, Cassie. Take me in." Cassie crouched, her pussy gaping wetly and pinkly open for the camera as she settled smoothly down, one hand dropping to take hold of his saliva-slicked penis. She gently guided the pink head inside her, and settled down, as it disappeared with no hesitation. She was clearly as wet as I was. Her eyes fluttered shut as his impossibly long penis bottomed out. His hands dropped to either side of her beautiful hips, and he began to guide her slowly up and down, each upward stroke almost revealing the head of his cock, before his hands guided her back down. Her strongly muscled legs made easy work of the strokes, reminding me of the endless squats I'd seen her do in the school gym.
The camera caught the long slow slide of her breasts up and down her chest, her over-developed pectoral muscles pinning them mostly in place. A sheen of sweat broke out on her body, and her six-pack began tightening visibly as her muscles were strained further from the repetitive motion.
Wrackoff was just visible over her left shoulder, and he continued to talk, his words clearly audible even over the smooth slick sound of their coupling. "This is what you want. This is how you imagine yourself, pleasing me, feeling me deep inside you, wanting every inch of me. Taking me as deep as you can, powerless to disobey, thinking only of the pleasure you feel and feeling more with every stroke because you please me, you obey me, you are mine. This is what you want. This is what you will do, when I come for you, you will come for me, you will be mine. You will obey."
His words fell across my ears, rang through me, passed me by. Cassie was so deeply entwined in his web, it was clear his words were barely needed for her. Kate sat beside him, head on his knee, eyes locked on the spot where Cassie's pussy met his cock, hands still held by her side. "Up Cassie" said Wrackoff, and she stood smoothly, a thin line of glistening fluid rising from the head of his penis up to her pussy, arching longer, longer, impossibly long, until it broke as she reached her full extension. "Kate, again." Kate immediately took him in her mouth, sliding up and down again, her hands again busy beneath her skirt, the flush darkening on her chest almost immediately.
Wrackoff droned on again, almost ignoring Kate's ministrations... "You long to take me this deeply in your mouth and throat, it feels good to do so, and you know your place is on your knees before my beautiful cock. The act of pleasing me arouses you, makes you so hot you can't stand it. My will is your will." And on, and on and on he talked, before finally he said "Katie, up. Cassie, down." They smoothly switched places again, and my vision blurred slightly. I was dizzy at the eroticism of the scene.
And yet, my anger burned so deeply and so fiercely that I found myself coming out of the moment. It seemed like I split in two, with part of me continuing to listen to the professor so that I could honor Kate's request, and make sure I was keeping her safe, and part of me was planning the phone calls I would make to the Dean, and maybe the police.
On the screen Cassie and Katie switched again, and I could hear Wrackoff tell Kate to swallow every drop as he came. Cassie stood above him, the V of her legs framing his muscular torso, her hands also working rapidly at her junction. His orgasm was evident only by Kate's visible swallowing and a slight thrusting of his hips, and clearly caused Kate to orgasm as well. This seemed to trigger Cassie, who's belly rolled and bucked as a powerful noisy orgasm tore through her. When it subsided she stepped down and sat on Professor Wrackoff's left side, leaning her head against his shoulder.
Kate pulled her mouth from his softening penis, and leaned her head on his right thigh. Wrackoff leaned back in his chair, his head reclining until he again seemed to be staring straight into the camera. "Tonight, you will masturbate yourself to three orgasms, thinking only of our encounter. Each time you come, you will go deeper into your submission. These suggestions will remain open in your memory, there will be nothing hidden. But you will obey nonetheless. Now Kate, go and return this tape to your watcher."
Kate stood up immediately, and went to the camera, and my screen went dark.
Now I knew why her lipstick was so smeared.
Oh my god. I stood up, my knees ached, my head was dizzy, my eyeballs hurt. I went to my bed, took off all my clothes and laid down. I knew I should get up and get some dinner, but I was so tired. I tried to go to sleep, yet every time I closed my eyes I saw the same image - Cassie sliding her body up and down on Wrackoff's penis. My fingers again found their way to my damp pussy, and I found myself stroking harder and harder. I came within minutes, an intense orgasm that left me literally breathless. I got up to get some water and pee, before finally settling down into a deep slumber.
In the morning, I felt a little better, though my pussy seemed raw and I had made a mess of my sheets and blankets. I hadn't even managed to close my door last night, though a quick glance revealed that none of my roommates had returned. I needed to intervene, Kate was in really serious trouble.
* * * *
I was panicked. Kate was clearly in way too deep, and I was beginning to think Cassie was in serious trouble too. I debated going to the provost but I held off. Kate texted me mid-morning and said she'd be back at 1, and she had something to tell me.
I sat in a daze all morning, unable to concentrate on anything. At 1 on the dot, I heard the key in the lock, and Kate walked in.
"Kate!" I began, and stuttered to a stop when Wrackoff walked in behind her. "Kate, what's going on." Cassie walked in behind them both and closed the door.
Wrackoff was in my suite. He was in my space. He was smirking at me. I stopped breathing. My lungs tightened in my chest.
"Professor, what are you doing here. This is highly highly inappropriate." My words sounded thin. Breathy.
"Sophia, I think we're past that point."
"Professor, I'm beginning to understand why the university is letting you go. You're not supposed to be here, you're not ALLOWED to be here. You need to leave now, you don't have a choice. And I will report this visit to the Dean of Students, or, or the Provost." I was finding my feet, and a bit of confidence too. "Get out."
"Dear dear Sophia, we really are past that point now." Professor Wrackoff kept talking in his soothing professorial voice, but his hands dropped to his waistband of his jeans. "But you are correct in your assessment - we have indeed arrived at what story-tellers call a 'choice point.' You, however, are the one who has a choice to make, not me."
With that, his hands finished their task and his jeans gaped open, with his cock springing free. It hung there in the air, stiffly, bobbing. Beside him, Kate and Cassie sank to their knees, one hand clutched on his hip on either side, heads resting by his waist.
"Professor" I stumbled, "you cannot do this. This is not some sick fantasy world where everyone obeys you. They may have asked for what you've done to them, but I haven't. And I won't. You need to go now. Right now. And you're leaving my friends here with me." Oh my god. This can't be happening. Forget the dean, forget the provost, when he's out of here I'm calling the police. I don't care how good his cock looks, what he's done to my friends is criminal.
"My sweet Sophia, you just don't get it. If you could see yourself right now, with your beautiful, righteous indignation. You are cute as a button. So concerned for your friends, so sure of your rightness, your perspective. But the truth is, you don't really see yourself at all."
"How dare you patronize me. I'm calling the police. Indecent exposure, criminal assault. I will see you arrested!" I was fuming, my anger burning in every vein. If he didn't button up and leave, I might get physical.
"Take a look at the floor Sophia," he commanded.
I looked down despite myself, not sure what trick he was playing on me. The floor was so close I felt dizzy. When I looked back up his throbbing cock was at eye level. Now he had one hand resting on the top of Cassie and Kate's heads.
"You're on your knees Sophia. You were on your knees as soon as I unzipped my pants." His right hand pulled Kate's head off his hip and toward his beautiful cock. His left hand pulled Cassie in. They kissed up the sides of his member, meeting for a kiss at the tip, tongues curling around the underside to meet each other. I watched in slow, dawning horror the show unfolding in front of me. I raised my eyes to his.
"You've been just as effectively hypnotized as Kate - you watched both the tapes. The tapes weren't for Kate or her safety, the tapes were for you. Always for you. This was my final test. Do you throw me out, or do you sink to your knees. So Sophia, as I said, we've arrived at our choice point. You are mine, firmly. Totally. And finally. And I won't let you go." He paused. "Your choice now is how you want to be with me from here on out."
"You have two options. You could be like Cassie." At this, Professor Wrackoff pulled Cassie off his cock and turned her head to face me. Cassie smiled a thousand watt smile that failed to reach her beautiful eyes. Professor Wrackoff pulled Kate's mouth away and guided Cassie back onto his penis, until she seemed to be sliding the entire monstrous length down her throat. He groaned.
"Cassie came to me just before mid-terms, worried about her grade. I offered her the opportunity to improve her study skills with a mild meditation exercise. She accepted, gratefully, and the rest was just the details. She didn't want to learn more about her sexuality, that whole story she fed Kate was a load of bullshit I made up to get Kate to acquiesce. She has been a brilliant playmate, and wonderfully flexible too, as you've seen. Of course, I've also done wonders for her gymnastics efforts, it's why she's now a mainstay on the team. And, I've certainly improved her ability to deepthroat cock. Mmmm, that's perfect Cassie." Cassie's kneeling body gave a tiny wiggle in acknowledgement of his praise. "But Cassie doesn't have any idea of what she's doing. She doesn't think about it, it isn't right or wrong, it isn't about autonomy or choice. She does what she does because it pleases me, because it feels good to please me, and because I tell her to. She does exactly what I ask, and nothing more."
I knelt before him in stunned silence, watching her head bob up and down. My sweet, innocent Cassie. I thought of her bright laughter, her quick smile, the sad look in her eyes when she thought of her high school boyfriend, her pleasure eating an orange, her virginity. I thought she had chosen this. I was wrong.
"Of course, you could choose to be like Kate." He pulled Cassie's mouth off his penis with a loud slurp. "Kate heard all about me from some of the upperclassmen, and knew exactly what she was getting into. And she has been an excellent and willing student -she's proved remarkably inventive in her own right." Kate gave a smile of fierce pride, before she let her head be guided onto his sticky penis, just as deeply as Cassie a moment before. "And Kate remembers every bit of our time together, except when she asks me to make her forget. We planned your seduction together Sophia, did you know that? Could you have guessed? That first tape you watched was Kate's 3rd time with me." Kate pulled her mouth free and mouthed the word 'sorry' at me. Wrackoff groaned as she returned to her ministrations without being told.
"So, my dear sweet Sophia, which will it be? Do you want to know what you're doing every moment of every day, or do you want to be in blissful ignorance?"
"Why are you doing this?" my voice was a whisper, barely breaking above the noise of Kate's mouth sliding up and down.
"Ah, you are too modest by far Sophia. Cassie is beautiful indeed, and Kate is a force to be reckoned with. But you, with your righteous innocence, with your tortured decisions, with your shy smile - I wanted you from the first moment you set foot in my classroom. And I wanted you right where you are, right here, right now. Cassie and Kate were delightful means to this end.
So, which will it be - Cassie or Kate? Knowledge or ignorance? I'll make sure you enjoy it either way. And of course I have my preferences, but I'll let you make the decision. Your last moment of free will. Just know my dear, that this choice is permanent; I won't reverse it."
My head bowed. I was well and truly finished. This would be my life, against my will, serving him. I couldn't even comprehend it, it was too enormous. My mind kept shying away, running in scattered circles. I was only 19. I am only 19.
The only choice I really had was my own complicity. Did I want to know what I was doing? Or did I want to sink into unconsciousness? What an impossible choice to make. What should I do?
What would you do?
* * * * * *