Chapter 6 Home truths and Option 3
We talked about it next day. I commented that she must have enjoyed it because when we got home she was as horny as hell.
She claimed that Joanne got her drunk.
'I didn't really come into the lounge without panties, did I?'
'You certainly did, strolled around the room like you owned it and when you sat on my knee you left a stain in my trousers. So do you have a hangover this morning?
'Well it's not too bad.'
'In that case you must have enjoyed it. Right, plan of action for today.'
I jumped out of bed, went to her underwear drawer and started pulling out all her old undies.
'First things first. This lot is going in the bin.'
She nodded. 'Including the safety-first pair you bought yesterday, to visit your mother and father. I'll tell you what I will leave these if you promise to show them to your father. On of course.'
She went pale. 'I can't do that.'
'Of course you can't. That's why I am throwing them away. Nobody else deserves to see them.'
'Ooookay, they probably are a bit dated.'
'Right that leaves this ivory set we bought yesterday as the safe go-to pair when you need to feel comfortable and the black ones as the everyday set. So get up and put on the black thong and the quarter bra.'
'No please let me wear the ivory set as regular ones please, please.'
'Not if we are going to make a success of living here. Don't forget I have to live here with you. Here you are constantly making me feel jealous by parading in front of the cameras, or other people. So, I want something good to look at too. I am going to choose the undies in future. Remember how much Joanne wished that Pete got involved. Well her wish has come true for you. Now get up and get dressed.'
'Okay, pass me the dressing gown please.'
'I can't. it is going in the bin with the undies.'
'Nooo.'
'I suggest you go and get a shower while I put breakfast on. I will lay your lounging around the flat wear on the bed here. Remember wear this and only this.'
I went easy on her and laid out the shorter of the two chemises and the black thong. They contrasted nicely, and I particularly liked the six-inch gap at her waist between the two garments.
She eventually arrived in the kitchen and quickly slid onto a kitchen stool, hiding herself behind the table.
'Okay let us get this straight. I am taking control of your wardrobe. Particularly the underwear part, but also the outerwear will be checked by me and maybe changed if it is not suitable. Yesterday for example that jumper was completely unsuitable. Lovely for winter in the arctic but not here in autumn. I want to see you in dresses and skirts only, no jeans, trousers or tights.'
She nodded as she poured the milk over her cereal. I realised that Mark was right. She needed to be ordered what to do.
Today we need to get some more underwear or you will be without panties by the morning. If we go back to Small Things, I also remember seeing a dress shop just down the road.'
I popped out while Susan was clearing the breakfast things and making the bed. I went to the Job Agency again. Talking to Pete yesterday it seemed that he had a job, just twenty hours a week, at a Bookies. That would be a start I decided. I explained my position to them and they promised to call me if there was anything part-time available. It seemed strange, but I felt awkward with nothing to do. It wasn't that the money was that important with Mark paying us from time to time. Maybe I would have to take up an old hobby. I was once very keen on both photography and drawing. I nearly went to art school instead of Uni and I did end up with an arts related degree after all.
Back in the flat Susan was ready to go out. At least she thought she was. I took her back into the bedroom, selected a shorter skirt and a fairly see through blouse instead of the jumper that she was wearing. As she took off the jumper I realised that she still had the chemise on, with no bra.
'I tell you what, your choice. If you want to wear the chemise, you can. Just the chemise, or if you want to wear this admittedly slightly see through blouse then the ivory bra goes under it. And don't quibble or it will be the black quarter-bra.'
Not a word. She pulled off the chemise and replaced it with the ivory bra before adding the blouse. You could easily see the bra through the shirt, but then, yes it was an attractive bra.
'Let's go.'
Clapham was growing on me. We hadn't needed any transport yet, buses or trains. Everything seemed to be walkable. Bars, shops, off licences, and a host of restaurants that we had not been to and probably couldn't afford.
One of the best things about shopping in Autumn is that the summer dresses and other light floaty clothes more suitable for summer are often on sale, and so it proved.
We were able to buy five floaty dresses, two of them with buttons all the way down the front from neck to hem. They were going to be fun and I think Susan realised it. She seemed a little wary of buying them. I found a couple of really short mini-skirts and some strappy lacy chemise type tank-tops that would be pretty with a bra and even prettier without.
'Alex, don't think I am complaining, because I know you have excellent taste, being arty and all, but this style of wardrobe is completely different to anything I have ever had. I am not sure I can wear this sort of thing all the time.'
'That's why I have taken over as your dresser and fashion adviser. If you start getting negative comments I will immediately start letting you dress the way you want. Remember I love you and I don't want to make you look foolish. I want everyone to want you as much as I do. Plus, we can have a little more fun on the side. Those button-down dresses are going to get a lot of action.'
I got a sharp nudge in the ribs. 'That's what I suspected, you will make me have a button or two open won't you?'
'I promise not a button or two,' I joked, 'four or five, or maybe a lot more.'
This time I avoided the elbow.
'In fact, let's start now. We have the outer clothes so now let us go back to Small Things and while you are in the changing room I want you to change into this dress. I gave her the flimsiest of the button-down dresses, white, broderie anglaise with short sleeves and a full skirt, the hem just below the knees.
Once in the shop Susan helped me choose four or five regular bikini style panties in a range of colours and then seven or eight spicier ones, either tiny or see-though and even one pair of crotchless, with a matching bra. I would work up to those I thought. Susan either did not see me drop those in the bag or she turned a blind eye. I hoped it was the latter.
Once we had a small basket of goodies I selected four pairs of panties and a couple of bras for her to try on with the white dress. Some of them were black which I knew would stand out under the flimsy white dress.
'I want to see them on you,' I prompted.
'It's not Lace 'n Easy with a separate changing room that the booths open onto. They open onto the shop floor.'
'Yes, that's right. That is why you are wearing the dress over them. I think of everything.'
I had, but she hadn't, because she came out wearing the black thong and matching semi gauze net bra. She was obviously embarrassed that they were so obvious under the dress but still had no idea how I wanted to look at them.
She stood facing me so I said, 'Well?'
'Well what.'
'Well aren't you going to show me?'
She looked around her.
'What here? How?'
'Your choice, either lift the skirt up or undo it all, I don't mind either.'
She slowly lifted the front standing perhaps six feet in front of me. I was unable to tear my gaze away to look around. I suspected we were on our own.
I had to use my fingers to signify 'a little higher please,' until at last I could see everything from the crotch to the waistband.
I nodded. 'Beautiful. I like them. The back?'
If looks could kill, but this time not being able to check out that we were alone she was quicker pulling her hem halfway up her back.
'Lovely,' I said, 'and the bra?'
Turning she unbuttoned the front down to the waist but I shook my head and pointedly looked at the lower buttons.
I just saw a glint in her eye. She was moving from embarrassed to horny. I realised we would have to buy the underwear as it was probably stained already. All the buttons were eventually undone and she flipped the sides apart. That pretty well confirmed to me that we were on our own.
'Perfect.' I said. 'And now the others?'
She flounced back and within minutes was back wearing a pink see-though gauze pair of panties. The dress was still undone so she opened it wide and flipped the back across so I could see the back. The line between her buttocks looked very kissable I thought.
'The other bra as well this time,' I suggested.
Before she could return another guy and his wife or girlfriend arrived. She went into the cubicle next to Susan and he and I exchanged bored smiles. I knew we were soon going to make that smile a little broader.
Susan came out of her cubicle flapping the sides of her dress together and on the verge of opening them right up. She froze as she saw the guy standing next to me. He had plainly been looking at her as she had come out of the changing room strongly and confidently.
I smiled at her and nodded my head to signify that she should go ahead when she was ready.
I saw her take a deep breath and throwing open the sides of the dress and said, 'What do you think about these darling.'
Red and tiny. Mark would have loved them. There was a tiny patch over her pudendum and the strings went around and up through crack of her arse. She spun around to show us. The bra was a matching red platform with her nipples at least an inch above the material. I loved it.
'Perfect darling,' I said. 'We will take them all so far. Just one pair to go?'
Again her look should have turned me into stone. We both knew that last set was the white crotchless. I wondered whether she would chicken out and perhaps put one of the earlier ones on. My heart of hearts told me that she was going to call my bluff and wear them.
She did. A few moments later she flounced out, 'Alex, you naughty boy. When did you slip these into the basket. You knew they were crotchless I am sure. Look I cannot go around like this, can I?'
She turned around and bent over and the panties opened up either side of her lower lips, exactly as they were designed to do.
Both the other guy and I were speechless.
She stood up again and turned to face us just as the guy's wife came out of the changing room. Whether her timing was fortuitous or she had heard Susan mention that her panties were crotchless I don't know.
'Look at these', Susan said to her, using her fingers to open the front of the panties, and coincidentally her lips as well. 'Men huh. One track minds. Still I guess we have to keep them happy. Ok darling, we can buy these as well, just get that tongue warmed up and ready for me.'
She flounced back into the cubicle as the three of us looked dumbly at each other. We were still silent when she re-joined us, all of the underwear clasped under her arm except for the little white panties which were hanging off her finger.
'Come on get your money out. Sorry to rush off,' she addressed the couple beside me. 'I have to get him home to his wife.'
We rolled over to the till laughing fit to bust. I kissed her strongly and deeply. 'Time to get me home to the wife,' I said. Unless you want to go to Joanne's for another fashion show.'
'Never again,' she said. 'Well not until the next time anyway. Take me to bed.'
Did she not realise it was only three o'clock?
After that it wasn't difficult persuading Susan to wear skimpier clothing around the flat, I just used to lay out her clothing for the day, usually her less risqué panties and a tee-shirt, occasionally a thong and a chemise. I did notice that when she was wearing the thong that she spent more time sitting down at the table where she was a little better shielded from the cameras.
I got a phone call from Mark later that week and we arranged to meet back at the coffee shop.
'So how are things going?' he started after we had picked up some coffee.
'All right, I think' I said. 'From our point of view, we are very happy. You have given us a lovely flat which means we could move in together at last, and even a little bit of money so that the fact that I have not been able to get a job yet hasn't been a real problem.'
'Good. I am delighted how you have settled in and there is a way that we could even perhaps pay you a little more.'
'Really,' said Susan. 'That would be lovely. What would we need to do?'
'Well one thing I have noticed is that you look delightful, now that Alex is choosing your clothes, while he is still always fully dressed. What do you think Susan?'
She looked at me as if through new eyes. 'You are right of course and there must be a lot of girls watching who would like to see him in in his boxers. Alex, we need to take you shopping. Consider that done Mark.'
'Good, now next thing is I should explain how we calculate the payments we make. It might help you earn more. We have a fixed sum, depending upon the number of viewings we sell, to divide between the seven flats. Obviously the flat that gets the most people watching it makes the most money and the flat that has the least viewers the least. Logical?
We nodded.
'Now at the moment you are sixth. That means if you got to first you could earn at least five times what we are paying you now. '
Susan and I looked at each in shock. That would be a lot of money.
'When you started, that first week you were right up there, almost at the top as people wanted to see what the new couple were like. How often they made love, how often they fell out and then made up? How attractive were they. What did they look like in the shower? Frankly fresh meat. Not an attractive way at looking at it, but that is the way it is. Now you were right up there, a really attractive couple and the very first thing you did practically was rip your clothes off and take her up the bum. Then you shaved her. Then she jilled herself off on the bed. After that I am afraid it has all been downhill. You make love under covers. Yes, I know they fall off from time to time and I am delighted to see that you obviously enjoy each other, a lot, but where is the pzzazz, that keeps people coming back. Do you know who was top this month? Joanne and Pete. One of the reasons being the number of viewers that you pulled in Susan, with your fashion show. That got them a nice little bonus not you. To get the money you need to firstly show a lot more flesh and give the viewers a reason for watching your flat and not Joanne's. Do you understand me?'
Wow reality hit home. Yes, we were porn stars and at the moment we were not good porn stars.
He realised by the way that we looked at each other that his words had hit home, hard.
'Now look, I am not threatening you with throwing you out of the flat. My bosses are quite happy with the way you have established yourself and the fact that you are already not last in our revenue stream means a lot. What I hope I have done is show you that with a little more exhibitionism you can earn a lot more. And let's face it Susan, you are not a stranger to a bit of exhibitionism, are you. I mean if Alex here asked you to show me your knickers, we all know you would do it. Wouldn't you?'
'Would I?' she asked me.
'I think you would,' I said. 'In fact, I think you would enjoy it. Why don't we find out? Susan please stand up and show Mark your bra and panties.'
I knew she would for a variety of reasons. She did like to be told what to do and secondly, she was becoming more and more of an exhibitionist. This was a good opportunity to show to just one person, not unknown hundreds through the camera lens. Thirdly I believe she quite fancied Mark.
Susan was wearing a strappy cotton sleeveless tee-shirt and a tight mini skirt with bare legs. I knew her underwear was on her favourite safer side. If I had thought about meeting Mark I would have made sure that the whole outfit would have been racier.
Susan was fairly quickly on her feet and after quickly looking around the room to see who might be watching raised her tee above her breasts for a few seconds. Lowering it she looked around again, undid the button and zip at the side of the skirt and pulled it upwards over her tummy until the hem was level with her hips. It was obviously too tight to just pull up. After a few more seconds she slipped it back and sat down again.
Mark looked less than impressed. 'See Susan, you were quite happy to do it, not perturbed at all. Why, because what you are wearing is so safe and covering that you could walk along the high street in just them and no-one would turn a hair. Mark, you must be to blame here as you dressed her this morning. Put yourself in the eyes of one of our viewers. Suppose I was sitting here with an outside broadcast camera and one of the most attractive girls in the scheme is about to show her underwear. The anticipation is enormous and then ...Bang... nothing. The camera zooms in so the viewer cannot even see her beautiful face any more, but what we do see is a nice, small, but not exactly tiny or even soft bra, and a pair of white bikini panties, like his wife wears. Disappointing huh. And Matt also disappointing. While you did take the hint and showed me what we knew, that Susan is a closet exhibitionist, you did not ask her to go a little further than I suggested. You still did not push her very far. No asking her to remove them and put them on the table. No asking her to get the guy on the next table to help her. No asking her to go up to the counter and order another coffee with her skirt around her waist. Again, I am reiterating that I am not threatening you with anything. I am just explaining what you have to do to start earning decent money. Or should I say indecent money.'
He laughed at his own joke. We sat a little stony-faced, which he noticed.
'Oh come on. It is not that bad. I can see Susan that you are feeling a little low. One of the reasons must be that nobody else in here even bothered to watch you undress. I will bet that is a first. Why because there was no anticipation, no setting the scene. Go and have a few drinks tonight. Here is fifty quid to go and have a bite and a few drinks. It will all look better in the morning after you have had a chance to chat about it. Why don't we meet up in here tomorrow or the day after and chat again.'
'The day after would be better for us because we have arranged to meet Gordon and Elise in the Lingerie shop tomorrow. Let's face it that will move us a little further along your path Mark. This was a couple we met last week who were more than open to a little exhibitionism.'
'Okay then the day after tomorrow, eleven o'clock again. Why don't you invite them to your flat and do it properly. Anyway, I look forward to seeing you again Susan.'
We knew what he meant.
'Let's go lover. I have fifty pounds of Mark's money here burning a hole in my pocket. Let's go and have a few drinks as he suggested.'
We hit the King's Arms again and sat in the corner with a pint and a large gin and tonic.
'So, give me your reaction to the whole thing,' I said. 'I need to know whether you want to carry on with the flat. Although he said he was not threatening expulsion, it could happen if we don't up the game. We would have to go back to living with our parents again. Or move so far away we could find a really cheap flat, and jobs. Or we can up the game a little and try and stay in the middle of the earners. Let's face it, we do not need a lot of money to live on, so if we could get to, say third or fourth on the list, there would be almost enough to live on. I might still be able to get a job in a bar or coffee shop. The third option is to throw caution to the wind, become sex maniacs and try to oust Joanne and Pete from number one. I would like to get our own back on them for making money out of your fashion show.'
Susan nodded. 'You summed it up well. Look, I know I can enjoy the sexy side, especially when you are telling me what to do so I don't have to wrestle with my conscience. I really don't think either of us want to go to the first of your choices. I love living with you and would even go so far as to say I love you, as I am regularly telling you, so choice one is definitely out. That leaves two or three. Let's say that I throw away all the new safety panties and even start going topless in the flat like we know some of the girls do at least some of the time. Perhaps have more showers, get you some sexy undies and you take at least one shower a day. Even if we make love on top of the covers and I give you blow jobs in the lounge. Will that be enough?'
'I am sure that would move us up the ranks. It may even get us in the top three. What would we need to do for choice three do you think?'
I think she guessed what I was edging towards. My imagination was beginning to spin. Any male would be thinking along the same lines as me. I even started getting a hard-on without any specific images I my mind.
'Go and get me another G and T while I think about it.'
I got back with the drinks to see that she had taken her coat off. That was not too surprising, it was reasonably warm.
'I accept it would be mainly me,' she said. 'Look at Pete, okay he had boxers on but he was not exactly dynamic. It was Joanne that led it all. And you know me, I don't like to lead but I am ready to be led. So what I am saying is if you want to try option three you will have to do the leading. If you are going to get jealous when I take my clothes off, then it is not going to work, because you will have to be the one to show me off. I have only seen you jealous once I think and that was when I was sitting on Mark's knee. Do you think your jealousy will get in the way. Suppose he wanted to finger me, or lick me out or even fuck me. Would you let him Alex?'
'No never. Well not fuck you, or lick you or even... No, I don't think so ... Well maybe if you only did it for Mark, or someone important, or...'
'Alex, what are you telling me, no, or maybe, or only for important people, or the right amount of money? Which? Would I let you fuck Joanne if they asked us to join them in swinging? What if they asked us to, say, play naked twister with them? How far are we going?'
I sat there and finished the first pint and had a long sip on the next one.
'Wow, I thought I had thought it through, but you summed it up better. I don't know the answer to any of those questions. Yes, I would like to be sexier with you, and of course it is every man's dream to get sexy with other girls, but yes, I can be a bit jealous I suppose. Can I get over that, and as you say, what about you? How would you feel about me with my dick in Joanne's mouth? Forget about Joanne and Pete for a minute what about Gordon tomorrow. What if he tried to finger you? Would you let him?'
'But he's like what, sixty.'
'So what, his sixty year old finger will have had a lot of experience.'
I could see her getting turned on at the thought of it.
'I had never thought of that. I suppose he has, well, if it was all in context, I mean, say he was feeling the material and his finger slipped ...well.'
I laughed, 'You are practically cumming at the thought of it. Take your knickers off here in the bar and put them on the table for me.'
She practically jumped to obey me. Didn't even look around to see who was watching us.
'I guess there is the answer,' I said. 'I think we both want to take option three but neither of us know how far we want to go nor how far we will go before jealousy or inbuilt moral values stop us. You would obviously not mind being fingered, I can see you are wriggling your pussy onto the chair now thinking about it. I think I can safely say that I would watch that without stopping you. In fact I am hard now thinking about it. So why don't we try it and see how it goes. Let us say no oral or any other sort of penetrative sex unless we have had the opportunity to talk about it.'
'Agreed,' she said. 'Who knows, it may be real fun. And unless we try it we will never know. We certainly would not have been having this conversation if we had not moved into this flat. So first thing on our agenda is find you some new boxers. Let's go.'
Suffice to say Clapham had a multitude of cheapish stores that sold men's underwear and we soon found half a dozen to buy. I now had a selection of boxers, satin and cotton and tanga briefs. I am not sure how I was going to feel about strolling round the flat with my bum hanging out. I quickly found out as I decided to start Susan off this afternoon with just a thong. She was definitely up for sex and I thought this would pleasurably delay it for a while and, at the same time get her used to running around the flat with very little on.
I marched her into the bedroom and ferreted around in her underwear drawer to find a particularly small thong. Knowing that she was commando at the moment I said 'Put these on and take off the rest of your clothes. That is what you are wearing for the rest of the day.'
No argument. Great. Except for 'Okay but then you have to wear these.' And out came one of the tangas we had just bought. I could hardly argue, so on it went and yes it did feel strange walking around. I realised why Susan had sat at the table so much. The silly thing is within the hour we had both forgotten how little we were wearing and even that the cameras were there at all. I took her over the sofa in the lounge doggy style. There, I hoped the viewers enjoyed that one.