Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
EVERYTHING IN THIS STORY IS FICTION, EVERYTHING.
All characters are eighteen or older.
*****
First let me set the scene for you. My name is Jamie. I call myself Jamie753 because when I was seven I received a very stern lesson that small children should be not allowed near gas cans, especially when they have matches.
I suffered third degree burns over seventy-five percent of my body. The doctors say I'm a miracle. Obviously I survived, but I wasn't always happy about that fact.
If you've ever seen anyone who has been badly burned you can appreciate why I don't go out much. It's not like people try to be hurtful, but when they see someone like me they can't help flinching away. Even though I know they don't mean to, it still hurts.
It's been eleven years since the fire, but I still don't have much contact with people. As a matter of fact I've become pretty much of a recluse. My family is pretty well off financially so my folks set me up with a home of my own on their property out near our swimming pool. Not because they were ashamed of me you understand, but rather to give me some independence.
It's a place where I could allow my scars to show and not have to worry about someone seeing me. It had gotten to the point that I didn't much like people coming around.
My older sister, Gail, had been concerned about my becoming a hermit or something worst. One day she spotted me as I trying to sneak close enough to overhear her telling one of her college girlfriends, as in acquaintance not lover, about a recent experience where in she had deliberately let several people see her boobies.
Gail instantly decided that this was a way to get me to allow some people to get near me. Later that evening she came over to my house. She told me that she had seen me trying to overhear what she said. She said that if I would let some of her friends come over to my house, that in exchange she would get them to tell me about times they had been caught naked.
We finally agreed that in exchange for the girls coming over to my house to tell their stories I would have to physically be in the room with the girls. This was more difficult for me than you may think since I had become so alienated and especially around girls. It hard to have someone you could be attracted to thinking you're a monster.
On my part I insisted that I be allowed to keep the lights turned way down. I also asked if I could post their stories. Gail said she felt the girls would agree if I ensured that they could not be identified in any way.
The only other concession I got from her was that she had to tell me the whole story she had told that afternoon since I had missed a lot of it.
Since being naked is often called being in a birthday suit, I chose to call this collection of tales, The Birthday Suit Club.
This is the story of Gail's recent experience. First a bit about Gail. She is 26 years old, light brown hair, well proportioned body and just misses being beautiful because she inherited a couple of dad's facial features.
Not to sound like a pervert, but one day I had happened to be looking out the window when Gail was sunbathing by the pool. She was laying face down with her top untied when the automatic sprinklers came on. In her surprise she had jumped up and as a result I know that she has good sized boobs with well-defined, dark brown nipples.
Anyway back to the story. Even though she doesn't need the money Gail has a part time job at a local burger shop. She's been there almost a year and soon after being hired was promoted to late shift manager. She is smart and good with people.
Over the last few of months several fast food places and convenience stories in our area have been robbed. The witness accounts are always about the same. Two guys come in wearing masks. One guy had a sawed off double barreled shotgun, which he uses to frighten the customers. The other guy carries a piece of pipe and a cloth bag. He has the employees put all the money in the cash registers in the bag.
In a couple of robberies people had tried to resist only to be hit with the pipe. On this particular Tuesday night Gail was on duty as the late night manager. There were three other employees working with her. Tommy and Billy were running the food preparation line and Sally was handling the counter. Gail had just gone into office to write up the activity report.
The activity report is to let the owners know when they come in each morning if anything went wrong or if something needed to be ordered or stuff like that.
Just before leaving the counter, Gail had helped Sally with a large number of orders placed by members of a local bowling league, who came in every Tuesday after their games.
Moments later in the office she was dumbfounded to hear a loud male voice demand that everyone stay still and no one would get hurt. She looked through the two way mirror to see the two crooks.
She could see that some of the customers wanted to try something and she was fearful that in the face of the sawed off shotgun, they would get seriously hurt or killed. She quickly decided that the best option was to come up with a way to try to distract the robbers so that if the customers did act they would have a better chance.
She watched as the robber with the bag called Tommy and Billy up front. He then made Sally empty her register into the bag. Gail noticed that even though he was in the middle of a robbery he took the opportunity to check out Sally's chest. It gave Gail an idea.
Knowing that he was going to wanted the money in the other registers, that as manager, she would have to come to the counter with the keys she recognized that this was the time for action.
Gail quickly pulled off her uniform blouse. It had snaps down the front. Then she shucked her bra and pulled the top back on, quickly snapping the snaps back together. She had just finished when the robber acting on information from one of the other employees, called for her to get out front with the keys. As she hustled to compile she could tell from where his eyes went that she was putting a show.
When she got to the counter, the pipe man nudged his cohort and told the him that he was missing a hell of a erotic show. Without considering what he was doing, the shotgun wielder turned towards her, Gail put the second phase of her plan into action. She jerked open her top and shouted, "Would you like fries with these?"
The bad guys were totally stunned. Fortunately for Gail's plan several members of the police bowling league weren't. Before the robbers had a chance to regain their composure, they were securely handcuffed and laying on the floor. Gail was so caught up that it wasn't until Sally noticed and then pointed it out to her that she realized that she was still standing there holding her shirt wide open.
She quickly pulled it back around herself. She was surprised to discover that when she had ripped the top open it had torn all the snaps loose. Hearing a unintelligible sound, she turned her head and saw Tommy and Billy both standing there doing their imitation of a fish out of water. Their mouths were opening and closing with only incoherent sounds coming out. Turned back to the front she saw most if not all of the police bowlers smiling great big smiles at her.
Then one of the bowlers, who also worked as a photographer for the local paper, asked Gail come around front of the counter so he could get a picture with her and the two not so tough now crooks. He got out his camera. He had the two alleged bad guys held in place by some of his cop buddies. He told Gail to stand between the culprits and put her hands on their shoulders.
Gail correctly figured that he and everyone else in the place was hoping for a repeat of her boobie display, but she was very careful how she held her arms. When she was in position her top hung open but only the inside edges of her boobs were visible.
She could see the disappointment in everybody's face. It was actually kind of funny. However what she hadn't counted on was that just before the picture was taken, Sally reached around from behind her and pulled the sides of Gail's blouse wide open.
Before Gail could react the photo was taken. Gail quickly grabbed her blouse and covered herself back up. She spun around to see who had done it and found Sally literally rolling on the floor laughing and begging for Gail to forgive her. Sally claimed she had just gotten caught up in the moment. She promised that she was do anything to replay Gail if Gail would forgive her.
In the meantime all the guys were high-fiveing each other. Even the bad guys weren't as downcast.
The whole situation; the robbery, the flashing, the arrests, the being exposed to everyone combined to be so funny that Gail couldn't remain mad at Sally.
The next day the newspaper ran the story about how the robbers had been caught and how Gail had engineered their defeat.
There was a picture of Gail, the bad guys, and the cops on the front page, but it had been cropped so that only the upper half of Gail's breasts was visible.
She even agreed that the caption that was added to the picture was pretty funny. It read "The two boobs that caught the two boobs."
She told me that later she found out that some copies of the paper had been printed with the full picture of her and the others on the cover. Those copies had been provided to friends of the editor.
She suspected that copies of the original picture were probably still being handed out around the police station.
I asked her if she minded. She said she had mixed emotions about it. Sometimes she was pissed off, sometimes it was exciting.
Then she told me that she had decided that Sally's punishment for exposing Gail would be to come over the next evening and tell me her story, but that'll be for another time.