My husband and I were in the lifestyle a few years ago and we had hooked up with another couple via a couples swapping site. Some couples could be a bit eccentric but Glenn and Susan were fun people. We'd socialize with them as a vanilla couple as often as we'd play. We really enjoyed their company.
Sometimes we would meet them at local hotels or our or their place but most often we met at this bar that was near their home.
The bar we used to meet at was kind of a dive-dark and not too crowded, but with an attitude that you could kind of do what you wanted as long as no one complained. Sometimes we would wear crotchless pantyhose without panties when we'd play. Our guys were both into our wearing hose without panties and going the extra step in having crotchless hose was a fun surprise.
We had a date with Glenn and Susan one Saturday evening. We drove over to their home. Glenn met us at the door but Susan was not too far behind him. Susan was wearing a royal blue dress with black piping, a black leather collar, sheer black hose and open toed heels, I wore an off the shoulders black knit blouse, a winter white shorter tasseled skirt, nude crotchless pantyhose and clunky bohemian wedge heels.
We drove to the bar in Glenn's van. My husband and I were in the back seat necking I could see Susan's hand on Glenn's crotch.
We got to the bar, settled into a table in a quiet corner of the bar and got ready for some serious fun.
We ordered drinks and chatted. 3 rounds later and soon I feel my husband spreading my hose clad legs and opened my pussy lips. That felt great! He was fingering me and Susan under the table at the same time. A few minutes later, Glenn managed to inconspicuously get himself under the table and munch us out. By the time he was be done eating us both, his face was completely drenched. Then my husband gets involved again and fingered us both to orgasm. It was so damn hard keeping it somewhat inconspicuous.
More than once Susan and I took turns blowing our men for a few minutes-just enough to get them all hot and bothered but not so long as to cause any problems for us-after all sex in public is kind of a no no.
A bit later on in the evening we had gottten more than a bit drunk and we both flashed a guy at the entrance to the ladies room-he kind of followed us and we wanted to tease him. In the hallway of an old kind of sleazy bar Susan and I took turns playing with this random guys cock until he came. He had cum a bit onto both Susan's and my legs when he shot off.
I think at this point in time, I was pretty much topless and Susan had taken her bra off but she later put her dress back on. Funny thing was this at it didn't seem all that unusual in this bar-we'd done some crazy things there and no one ever caused us any trouble other than to stare and maybe play with themselves a bit.
When we got done with the fun and games in the bar, we went to Glenn's van. My husband was in the back seat with Susan. He was fingering her some more and she was playing with his cock. Glen was driving and I took his cock out and played with it, felt it stiffen and heard him gasp while he drove with my tongue in his ear...I am so nasty! I saw that Susan was now going down on my husbands dick and I took Glenn's in my mouth too.
We stopped near a truck stop-yeah we were really next door to a truck stop and had some good sex. My blouse was again off, my bra wrapped up around the steering wheel with me mounted on Glenn with his long cock thrusting deep in my pussy. I don't know what happened to my skirt but still had my heels and nude crotchless hose on. He had one hand on my ass cheek, one on one of my girls and we were kissing madly.
Susan was mounted on my husband facing away from me but I could see my husband in a tangle of Susan's long blonde hair. My husband was biting her on her neck near her black collar. She was naked except for her pantyhose. It was hot getting fucked by Glenn while I'm watching Susan ride my husband. Seeing her ass cheeks jiggle under her black pantyhose was sexy in a very different way. There were times during sex when Susan would literally gusher when she came. He about drenched my husbands jeans and her hose were soaked down to her heels.
I am more than a bit bi and would love to munch out her pussy but she had a hang up about sex with girls which was weird but I respected her choice. Of all the couples we swung with, she was the only one who wasn't curious.
As I mentioned I had mounted Glenn in the front seat-he just kept running his hands over my hose covered ass. Just loved his strong hands on my body. I was watching Susan as she jammed on my husband-she had her knees on the middle seat bench and was rocking up and down. I watched in astonishment as she drenched his crotch in her cum. That was so damn hot I came on Glenn's dick. He shot into me and I loved to feel a strange mans cum shoot into me. My husband lasted just a bit longer then Glenn and I, but I was still enjoying the view!
It's too bad we eventually moved away as we enjoyed them-both the sex part and just hanging out with them. It was a lot of fun for us and was a great adventure.