I.
"It's snowing."
"Damn."
There we were, two working girls in a big office building downtown, looking out the window at our future. It looked cold. And grim.
It was only mid-November; way too early for this. The snow brought a cascade of bad memories: icy sidewalks, freezing slush, mountains of dirty black snow along the streets.
"Let's go someplace warm, just for a little while."
"Yeah. Bright sun, soft breezes, cool drinks."
"Someplace quiet, though. Not chaotic like Cancún or Playa del Carmen."

.

So we found a little town on the northern coast here with a nice quiet beach and a few shops along the main street. We're staying in a pretty little house east of town with a lovely widowed woman, her two cats, her dahlias and her honeysuckle.
We started out just lying on the beach, of course, working on our tans. As the warmth seeped into us, we gradually forgot about tight skirts, crowded buses, overpriced coffee, and endless paperwork.
We played in the surf, at first just splashing by the shore, but then gradually we swam farther and farther out. We started walking the beach too, and then we ranged farther afield, climbing into the hills above. In the afternoon from a high spot we'd stand staring out to sea, our long hair whipping out behind us in the sea breeze.
We felt our shoulders relax and the clean air fill our lungs. We felt the stress slowly, slowly drain away, and with all the exercise, we also watched our city fat gradually give way to trim, lean muscle.
Then one day walking the hills above the shore far east of town, we looked down to see a little pocket beach surrounded by rocky bluffs. A long low swell rolled in, foaming gently on the bright sand. We stood staring for many minutes, then my friend took my hand, looked at me, and smiled. We worked our way carefully down the rocks, and then we spread out our towels and lay down in the warm sun and the gentle breeze. I took a huge breath, let it out ever so slowly, and felt the final bit of tension leave me.
In the days to come we continued to ramble the countryside, but we returned more and more often to our special place. It's so quiet there, so remote, that we soon stopped bothering with our bikinis. We'd just strip off our blouses and shorts, lay ourselves down and let the hot sun splash on our naked bodies and drip slowly off onto the sand.
I suppose you could reach this place along the beach, but it's a long walk from town, and the spot isn't obvious until you're right there. It's really only accessible on the water side at low tide -- we've never seen anyone else here, even in the distance.
We lie in the sun naked, we get up and run and chase each other, we climb the rocks, we swim, we oil ourselves and lie down again. Over the weeks and months of sun, of swimming, of running and climbing, we've become the perfect, lean, lithe, golden-bronze goddesses of myth.
Weeks and months? Yes. We came here to forget -- to forget the city, to forget the cold, to forget bad boyfriends. We slowly forgot many other things too, then finally we forgot to go home.

.

We called her Señora, at first, as a sign of respect.
Our landlady is quiet; in the cool of the morning she digs in her garden, then she naps in midday until it's time to cook supper. Supper is late here, at dusk; that's when we return from our travels, all windblown and tired. She smiles as she serves us: lime soup, tortillas, scrambled eggs, re-fried beans, a little salsa. Simple, country food.
As the weeks went on and she saw us relax, she relaxed too and warmed up to us. In the morning with a broad smile, her "Buenos días, pequeñas!" always greets us as we come down to breakfast. After a while, she started packing us a lunch every day too. A simple lunch, like ceviche wrapped in tortillas and fresh fruit from the garden, with a big jug of iced tea.
I think she saw something in us, maybe something we couldn't yet see ourselves. One day I began, "Señora--," but she stopped me with a finger on my lips. "Mamá," she said. "Call me Mamá, little one."

.

We were usually back well before dinner, but one time we overslept on our favorite beach, and it took us a long while to make our way back in the dark. We felt terrible about ruining the supper Mamá was making for us, and feared she might worry. When we finally arrived, we made many apologies, but she just hugged us both and said with a big smile, "I think maybe you have found a special place somewhere and couldn't bear to leave it."
The next morning, she packed us an especially large lunch and said, "The moon is full tonight, and it is very lovely on the water." She kissed us each on the cheek, patted our behinds, and sent us on our way.
After that, we often slept on our beach in the warm caressing breeze, either just naked, or with a beach wrap over our shoulders for warmth. The moon is indeed beautiful on the water at night. And later, when the moon goes down, the sea sparkles with luminescence.

.

One morning we arrived home very early; just a glimmer in the east. Mamá was already up, preparing breakfast. She saw us through the kitchen window and came down to meet us on the path, the breeze ruffling the huge kaftan she always wears.
She took us both in an enormous hug. "Mis pequeñas encantadores! My lovely little ones, it's so nice to have you here for breakfast!" She paused, smiled, and kissed us each on the cheek.
"But little ones, maybe you should wear some clothes as you walk home."

.

Today, we're at our perfect little beach; I'm on my towel by the rocks, warming myself in the late-morning sun. Naked, of course -- this isourlittle spot. We gave up all pretense weeks, no months, ago.
I'm watching my friend climb the rocks to my left, barefoot and bare-assed. She's up at the top, and I see her stand and shake out her golden hair and let it float in the wind. Her hair is very long, down past her waist when it's not blowing beside her -- we gave up haircuts even before we gave up clothes. She's looking off to the west, toward town.
Suddenly she turns and starts scrambling down the rocks. This takes her a while; it's high, and the rocks are sharp.
She trots quickly over to me. A little out of breath, she says, "There are boys coming. The tide's low today; I think they may find their way around the point."
They're pretty adventurous to come out this far; they just might find us after all.
"Best we put something on, I guess." We dig out our bikinis, tie them on, and lie back on our towels by the rocks. We slit our eyes against the sun and await our visitors.
They are four boys, or maybe young men actually, barefoot in cutoff jeans, tossing a football between them. Their hair is wild with the wind; they are lanky and lean, but they're a little too sunburned to be locals -- time for Spring Break already? They see us and come over and squat down. We pass a few pleasantries, then after an awkward silence, one suggests touch football.
We divide ourselves into two teams, I with two boys; my friend with the others. We huddle, we run, we throw, we catch. We fall sometimes, but the sand is soft.
In all the exertion, I find myself again and again hitching up my bikini bottoms and re-adjusting my top. But when I look over, I see my friend has stopped bothering; her top is a bit askew and her bottoms are just a little band below her hips. I follow along, and soon mine are like hers.
We play on, getting all sweaty and breathless.
Then my friend runs out for a long pass, lunges for the ball, and we all watch amazed as she just bounces right out of her bikini top. But after the play, instead of putting herself back together, she just strips off her top and drops it to the sand. The boys watch her intently; I watch the boys. She just carries on. A little while later, I tire of my crooked top and drop it too.
We play on -- we huddle, run, throw, catch, trip, fall laughing and rise again. The boys gorge their eyes on our perfect golden breasts, swaying in the sun.
Suddenly my friend trips and falls; her bottoms end up tangled around her knees. But she just jumps up, kicks them off, and runs on, her breasts bouncing, her long, golden hair flying behind her. A vision. A goddess.
The play goes on; everyone breathes hard; we proclaim our successes and curse our failures. We run, catch, tag, trip, fall, and rise.
I feel my friend behind me, untying my wavy auburn hair, tossing it in her hands it until it flows over my shoulders and down my back to the curve below. It lifts and flickers in the breeze; it shimmers in the sun.
She slides her hands down to my hips. She leans very close and whispers, "We two are golden goddesses; let them all now worship us." She pulls gently at the strings of my bottoms; they come free and fall to the sand. Surprised just a little, I feel the breeze cool the sweat between my legs.
But the play continues. We chase the ball, we chase each other. We are two golden gazelles, taking great flying leaps, with taut sinews and flowing manes.
I stop with my hands on my knees to catch my breath, and a boy (or a man, perhaps?) stops beside me. As I rise refreshed, with a thrill I feel his fingertips trace from my neck down my backbone to that hollow above the curve (yes, amanmight do that). He pauses, then without looking at me, his fingers ever so lightly follow my bare buttock, downward. I stand frozen.
As he strokes up again from below, I feel myself slowly rise to my toes; my back arches a little. My golden breasts rise and my nipples stiffen. My eyes drift closed and my head tilts back to the sun; I shake my head and my hair falls free and tosses in the breeze. I breathe a great, shuddering breath. I'm not a gazelle; I am a great bronze tigress -- see my mane shine in the sun.
But the play calls again and I run to join it. We huddle, and I revel in the lean, hungry looks of my boys, now that there's nothing at all between me and the breeze. I stand with my feet just apart, my womanhood clearly visible. I raise my hands to my neck to toss my hair behind, my breasts lift and sway, and the boys, the men, stand entranced, stunned; their mouths hang half-open. One nervously wets his lips. I look straight at him and give him a little half-smile.
We plan our plays, we run, we chase, we fall and rise again.
As we play on, I watch our wild, raw, beauty overwhelm the boys. They slowly become quieter; they gradually lose all ability to speak; more and more they can only gesture and stare helplessly. If I look a boy in the eye, he stands mesmerized.
This can't go on forever, of course; my friend and I know this. But for now we're content to tease and taunt them with our perfect, bronzed, goddess bodies, and to bask in their ravenous gaze.
One sees a bulge below a waist, and one does so long to stroke it. A little touch on the shoulder perhaps, or the arm, but not down there. No, not yet. In a little while, perhaps. But see how that bulge grows with a quiet laugh and a light touch on the arm.
Then after a long, long while, my friend stops and walks over to our towels by the rocks. "How about some iced tea?" she says.
The boys follow us over and we seat ourselves in a circle in the sand. Her boys are on either side of her; mine kneel close to me; I feel their heat, but not their touch, not yet.
The boys seem on edge; waiting for something -- permission, invitation? We've finished our tea, caught our breath; now what? I find I'm on edge too, anticipating.
Suddenly, I realize that with a word, just a single word, we could send these boys on their way with no more reward than a story none would believe. But still we pause, silently, breath held. I catch my friend's eye and raise my eyebrow a trifle; she looks back at me intently, but without expression.
Then my lovely, golden friend, sitting with her feet tucked beneath her, turns and looks down at the pants of the boy kneeling beside her. His bulge is unmistakable. He follows her gaze, very still.
That golden lioness tosses her mane and locks eyes with him. She reaches over, and with just a fingertip, touches his knee and then lightly and ever so slowly traces along his inner leg upward. She drags her fingertips up onto his bulge, pauses. He swallows, eyes huge; she holds him helpless in her gaze.
"Oil me," she says quietly. She turns slowly to her other boy: "You too."
Oh, yes. Yes, yes. We are goddesses. Honor us. Serve us. Worship us.
I turn to kneel in front of the boy on my right, with his huge shock of wild red hair. He reaches for the button of his shorts, but I put my hand over his to stop him. "In time, I may release you. Not yet." I take his hand and bring it to my breast. "Pleasure me first." I glance over my shoulder at my other boy with his huge black beard: "Same goes for you."
Blackie moves behind me and touches me lightly with his fingertips, starting at my neck, running down my shoulders to my elbows, then up from my hips along my sides; I shudder as from an electric shock. He runs his finger down my spine to the cleft between my cheeks and lingers there, exploring; I quiver. He plays with my hair as I tilt my head back and my breasts rise and my nipples fill. He teases me with his beard. I turn and kiss him briefly, then more firmly as he slides one hand along the crease of my hip toward the space between my legs to toy with the hair he finds there.
In front of me, I'm stroking Red very gently through his shorts, and it's driving him crazy. He's massaging my breasts, twirling my nipples with his fingertips, which feels marvelous, and he's nibbling my neck, which is making me all warm and tingly inside. But as I continue stroking him, he moans quietly, "Oh God. Please, please don't make me come in my pants."
I pause, and with a finger under his chin, raise his head to look at me. I stare in his eyes, kiss him gently, then stroke him again, very slowly. He whimpers. I stroke again. He moans.
I'm so, so tempted.
I hear a golden lioness purring loudly; I look over and see she's followed my lead and is keeping her boys buttoned up tight until they prove their worth. But they're working hard, and it shows. She's fully oiled now, kneeling with her legs apart, breathing deeply. One boy kneels low in front, licking at the excess oil between her legs. When he tries to put his fingers inside her, she pushes his hand away. "Wrong tool," she says, then, "Patience." She lays a hand on his head, guiding him back down. She leans back against the other boy; he's tossing her breasts gently in his hands, kneading them and rolling her nipples in his fingers. She turns her head to kiss him, moaning softly, her hand reaching back to stroke a bulge in his pants.
But something within me is rising; my vision is hazing; I'm gasping; my time is coming. With one hand, I reach down in front of me and slip the button of my man Red's pants. I slide the zipper down, and tangle my long, cool fingers in the hair I find there. Something down there is warm and firm. I think I've found what I'm looking for; my fingers probe.
Show me your weapon, then, sir. I put my hands on his hips and shove his shorts down. He's a smart man, and wears no underwear -- saving much time and avoiding many nasty entanglements.
His weapon bounds out, fully ready for battle. Now that I can see it, I want badly to tease it, but that hand between my legs has my mind spinning; I'm gasping. Two hands are kneading my breasts; another hand has found the little soldier in the slit trench between my legs. The soldier is standing at attention, but a slick, wet finger is twirling around him, making him dizzy.
So, quickly then, before I lose all control, I lean forward, spread my legs, and slide down to sheath that weapon straining up to impale me.
Hot. Huge. Inside of me all at once, straining. Filling me up insanely. We're all even closer now, all three of us, all moving, sliding, slippery with sweat. I'm going to lose this battle, soon.
As I arch my back, I can feel something big and warm sliding between my cheeks. Oh-oh, somebody back there didn't wait for orders. Bad boy; I'll have to deal with you. I reach my hand back and pull his head forward to my shoulder. I kiss him hard, swirling my tongue in his mouth. He gasps, shudders. That'll fix you.
But just now the sparkle off the water is in my eyes, I lose track of my true self, and I slip away. I think I scream, but I'm not sure. Somebody in front of me shouts; that I am sure of. Then I feel something hot explode in the small of my back.
I'm panting; collapsed over my Red in front, my hair everywhere. He's panting; my Blackie behind is panting too. Every little touch is like lightning, like fire. I still can't think, but I'm raking Red's back with my long nails while Blackie caresses me between my legs. We're all little gasps, touches, twitches, and moans.
I lift my head and kiss my man in front; he strokes lightly under my breast and the back of his knuckles drag across my hard nipple. I shiver. My man behind is kissing my neck gently; I reach around behind and touch the end of his tool. It's wet. I swirl the damp around the head; he gives a little moan, so I do it again, and he whimpers. He strokes my little soldier, but it's too soon -- he's still too sensitive -- it's too soon! I give a little cry and lose my way again, softer and longer this time.
We can't stop touching, fondling, gasping, even as I look over at the others. My golden lioness sister is astride one of her men while the other kneels beside, kissing and caressing her. As she rides the first, teasing him with the tresses thrown over her shoulder, she has the other in her oiled hand, bringing him on. She turns and whispers something to him, then leans forward. He throws his leg over and works his huge oiled cock slowly into her from behind. Now she's moaning like she means it, and gasping; they're thrusting; then she snaps her head back and cries out.

.

I stir and wake. I'm lying curled in the warm, soft sand, head on my arm. I rise on one elbow, then sit. I yawn, stretch, and toss my mane like the tigress I am. There's a new boy beside me; one of my friend's -- blond; Nordic features. I think your name will be Sven.
Now that we're all finally done with pants, I can easily just look down and see Sven has something between his legs. As I lock eyes with him, the thing starts to swell slowly. I drag my fingertips along it. He swallows nervously. It grows.
Oh, look, there are two tight little sacs below it! I stroke between them slowly, back to front, then up along the stiff thing to its tip. Sven's mouth falls open a little, and he breathes shallowly. I pause there at the tip, circling. With a tilt of my head, I glance over at the oil bottle behind him, and he gropes for it -- my friend has indeed trained him well.
As for my lioness sister, I hear her purring again and look over. She's leaning back against Red with one leg curled beneath her and the other outstretched. He's laying her hair over one shoulder and down over her breasts to her waist, making a brush of the tips to tease her taut nipples. Kneeling in front of her, Blackie, my Blackie of the magic fingers, strokes the insides of her thighs, and then in between her thighs from way, way, back to the front. She growls. Tongue out, Blackie leans forward between her legs. As he kneels before her I can see something big and dark swinging between his legs.
But ho! There's another boy behind me. Look at that nose! You can be my Frenchman, Jean.
Jean has my hairbrush, and he's sorting out my mane. I turn and rake my tigress claws down through the fine hair on his chest. He gasps. I wet my fingertip and swirl it slowly around the tip of the big stiff thing between his legs. A little bead of moisture oozes from the tip; he gives a plaintive little whine. I pick up the drop with my finger, toss my head back and taste it while Jean shivers. Then, with a final shudder, he shakes his head a little and goes back to brushing my hair, a bit clumsily at first.
He starts at my forehead, stroking slowly backward. I lean my head back and feel the sensuous pull, the bristles on my scalp, again and again. I arch my back and my breasts rise to the sun, nipples taut. Sven has finished my arms and shoulders and starts oiling my forehead, my eyebrows, my cheekbones, my jawbones, my neck. His hands glide down, surround my breasts, and he begins oiling them too. Now he's rubbing my nipples. I'm starting to feel warm. I close my eyes. I purr.
Yes. I am your golden tiger-goddess. Worship me.

.

I'm on my hands and knees now in the hot sand. Jean is spread-legged before me; watching with big eyes as I stroke him in that little spot behind his balls and suck at the tip, probing the little opening with my tongue, tasting. I taste him, yes, but I think I can taste a little of my sister-goddess too.
His hands ruffle my hair, seize my shoulders; he moans, bucks. I explore a little more; he groans and bucks again. I press on, undeterred.
All the while, Sven, that Nordic god, is behind me, sliding himself lazily in and out, in and out. He's so big, so warm, I'm so full. I'm all warm and tingly inside; I'm getting hazy, hazy. He has me by the hips, kneading, then he slides his hands around below and starts squeezing a nipple with one hand while the other teases the little soldier again. Sven is thrusting harder now. The little soldier is losing his way again! No! Oh! OH!

.

I'm on my back, eyes closed, my head on someone's knee. I look up; it's Red. He caresses my face, pushing stray hairs away; he leans forward and licks my face. He's licking off something sticky; I think Jean left it there. I tilt my chin up and kiss him softly and slowly.
Someone else is down below, stroking my thighs; I don't even know who. He touches that little nub in behind, between my cheeks; I twitch and moan. He touches it again; my hips jump and I fade a little more. My little soldier is standing at attention again; but now someone is giving him a bath with his tongue, twirling him around and around. He's dizzy, dizzy, dizzy. Everything is going hazy again. Hazy, hazy. Now a rush in my ears, and then nothing more for a long while.

.

All four of our worshippers lie sprawled on the sand, naked. Two sleep quietly; another snores; the fourth gazes at us listlessly. My golden friend and I stand a little way off, watching. She turns to me: "You're a little damp down there." She slides two fingers between my legs, rubs them against her thumb. "Sticky. Sandy." She raises them to her lips. "Salty too." Then, "Let's swim."
We turn and trot over the firm wet sand into the surf, dive shallow and swim slowly out. After a while we drift back until our feet touch, then stand rocking
gently in the swell, rubbing each other down, cleaning all those sandy, sticky, and salty places. It's nice and cool in the water; her hands feel smooth and wonderful on my skin. Afterward, we stand holding each other lightly at the hips, touching noses, and then we kiss softly. She strokes under my breast with a finger and toys with the nipple; I feel warm. I caress the curve of her bottom; she purrs.
We touch like this and kiss quietly as we float lazily in the surf back toward the shore. As we stand again, she looks over at our beach and says, "Men, after all, I think -- not boys."
"Yes, they've all shown a man's skill."
She contemplates them quietly for a while.
"But worthy as they are, they're clearly spent, and night is not yet come." She pauses. "Let us go and seek others."
I nod, and she takes my hand as we walk side by side from the water and start along the beach, then splash past the rocks. I swing my head; my hair fans out behind me.
We are goddesses; she a lioness, I a tigress. As we walk, the warm wind tosses and dries our manes.

.


* * *


.

The sun is in the west; we walk toward it. The tiger-goddess at my left hand twitches her nostrils. Yes, I too smell food, faintly in the distance. We walk, hand in hand, toward the smell.
"Marquesitas!" she cries, and breaks into a run. Her auburn mane sails behind her in the wind. I run too.
We skid to a stop, a little breathless and hair all askew, beside a tiny push-cart on the beach. A barefoot young man in a tee shirt and loose shorts stares at us, speechless. It's late in the afternoon; we're alone on the beach together.
My sister-goddess points to the griddle and says, "Dos."
The young man looks at her; he looks at me; he swallows. He turns to the griddle, ladles on some batter, and then spreads it out thin. A moment later, when the batter bubbles and crisps on the edges, he flips it over and spreads on a sweet brown paste and sprinkles on cheese.
He turns to his left to stare at my sister. I'm on his right; just behind him now. He stands very still. I touch him on his left arm; he starts.
"Ready, I think."
He nods twice quickly, flicks the edge with his spatula and rolls up the treat. He lifts it with the spatula and offers it to my mate. She steps up close to him and takes it in her fingers. He clears his throat quietly. She stands very close to him and bites down.
"Mmmm. Muy buen gusto."
He's looking into her eyes; I think he's trembling a bit. From behind him, I touch his arm again, but this time, I leave my hand there a little longer, stroking his forearm with my fingertips. I lean close.
"Another," I whisper.
He turns away with a shudder, pouring more batter on the griddle. I move my hand to his upper arm and massage it lightly; I slide my right hand to his hip, and look over his shoulder at the griddle. He's definitely trembling now, almost shaking. I stand on my toes, look down farther and see something poking at the fabric of his shorts.
He lifts the roll from the griddle and turns to me, looking relieved that I'll be occupied with it for a minute or two.
He's right. We haven't eaten all day, and the aroma, the crisp, the sweet, salty, and tangy taste overwhelm me.
But he's not out of trouble -- no, not at all. In fact, he's drifting farther and farther from shore.
He's up against the cart now, and my tiger-goddess mate is standing very, very close to him. She's rubbing her calf against the back of his leg and purring softly; I think he's stopped breathing.
She takes his hand in hers, licks two fingertips, and uses them to dab at the crumbs between her breasts. I hear the spatula clatter off the ledge and fall in the sand.
I want a better look at what we have here, so I come up close behind him and catch both sides of his shirt at the waist. I lift up gently; he raises his arms without resistance as I pull the shirt over his head. He's trim, nicely muscled, with long curly black hair. I put a hand at his waist; with the other, I trace his backbone. He shivers.
Now that his shirt is off, my tiger-goddess sister leans in even closer. She toys with the hair on his chest. She fixes him in her gaze.
"Touch me," she says. "Everywhere."
His hands start moving, a little shakily, starting at her hips. She's close enough that the point in his shorts presses against her and her nipples graze his chest.
I'm running my fingers down his back and squeezing his amazing, taut, ass. I move my hands to his waistband and start to work it down. My tiger-mate strokes his shaft slowly up from below, then flips his pants down over the tip. He gasps. His pants slide to the sand.
I reach my right hand around in front of him to stroke his inner leg and tickle his balls. I pull myself close, my breasts against his back and my groin against his bottom. I wrap my right leg around him; my pussy lips spread against his cheek. My little hidden nub rubs against him too.
She's stroking him; I'm stroking him; we're both as close to him as we could possibly be. He's panting softly; I don't think he can stand this much longer.
My mate has slid her leg up higher, stroking his hip with her thigh, hooking her calf around behind him. I'm nuzzling the back of his neck; she's kissing him passionately.
Now they're shifting their weight, squirming a little, then I hear a little gasp and sigh from both of them. I'm rubbing myself against his bottom, and they're thrusting too. We're all sweating, breathing loudly, and then I start to lose focus. She cries out, he groans desperately, and I lose focus completely.

.

We're all in a tangled heap on the sand. They're kissing; I'm stroking him; she's stroking me. I roll away and lie back on the sand. I hear her little cry as she comes again.

.

She's standing before him, looking deep into his eyes. "Come, Carlos," she says.
"My name is--"
"Carlos," she repeats.
A long, long pause. "Carlos," he says quietly.
She takes him by the hand, and starts leading him away.
"My pants!" he says.
"You won't need them," she replies.
I wrap an arm around his waist and stroke his bottom lightly. He gasps a little; something low down in front starts to stir. We walk west, into the setting sun.

.

It's darker now; just a hint in the west. We're sitting around a little table in the sand at a beach-side cantina, the last table out toward the sea. There are a few strings of lights by the bar, but not out here. Carlos sits very close to my tiger-goddess mate; she's half in his lap, her leg over and between his. They're kissing softly and fondling. Carlos is in full flower.
A waiter comes over. Calf-length dark pants, a white buttoned short-sleeved shirt, napkin over his arm. He does a double-take. He's very cool though, and just raises his eyebrows gently at me.
"Señora?" he says.
"Tres cervezas, por favor."
"Sí, Señora." He nods and walks away.
A moment later, he's back.
"Cerveza, Señora." He places the drinks on the table.
I look deeply at him and smile softly. He swallows, backs up a step, then turns abruptly and walks away.
The beer is cold, clear, and sharp; it's so, so welcome after a long, hot day.
Later, feeling satisfied, I'm standing looking out to sea, stretching and yawning. My tigress sister is draped on a beach lounger; Carlos kneels beside her, licking her nipple and fondling her between the legs.
I hear the waiter behind me. I turn and stand with my legs slightly apart, hands on my hips. I gaze at him. I toss my hair; it cascades in the evening wind. I don't need a mirror to know how I look. He stands very, very still.
"Do you like your job?"
A long pause. "It's a job."
I step forward to stroke him lightly under his forearm. He sucks in a breath. I move closer, and toy with the top button on his shirt, then open it.
"Then come with us."
Another long pause. He can see what Carlos and Tigress are doing. He's torn. I tangle my fingers in the hair above the button.
My sister sees my difficulty; she rises like the great, lithe, cat she is, and pads over behind him. She puts her hands on his hips, rubbing slowly and lightly up and down. He swallows uncomfortably. After a pause, she slowly pulls his shirt-tails out. He drops his order-book.
I unbutton his shirt slowly and push it back, exposing his shoulders, sliding the sleeves down his arms. My favorite sister-goddess comes in closer and starts running her hands up and down his back and massaging his buttocks. I'm squeezing his bicep with one hand and running the other hand flat over his chest. He's breathing shallowly, quickly.
I slide my hand down his arm, then take his hand and place it on my hip. I raise his other hand to my lips and kiss the fingertips, then bring the hand to my breast. Hands appear from behind him to unbutton his trousers. I reach down and run the zipper down. He starts to moan, a little plaintively.
The hands pull his trousers down, showing us his navy-blue briefs. There's something truly large there in the front. I stroke it gently.
"Kick your shoes and pants off; let's go."
Without taking his eyes off mine, he does. I take his hand and lead him to the water.

.

We're in neck-deep water, face to face. Actually, it's up to his neck and over mine; my toes don't touch bottom. He holds me lightly by the hips; I bob easily there.
He seems still a little unsure, so I lean close and kiss him tenderly, stroking the back of his neck with my fingers. He shivers and sighs; I feel him relax a little.
I reach down and touch the thing in his shorts, then pull them down. They slide down his legs. He kicks them off, and they begin drifting away to points unknown.
My hands are on his shoulders again. He takes me by the hips and lifts me a little. I'm so buoyant. He does this again and again, bouncing me slowly up and letting me drift down. It's an amazing feeling; it's like I weigh nothing.
I turn a little to sit sideways in the crook of his arm and we kiss, slowly, languorously. I trace the line of his jaw with my fingertips.
He lifts me up higher and takes a breast in his mouth. He toys with the nipple, then opens wide, sucking in a great gob, twirling my nipple with his tongue. I'm immediately light-headed; I gasp.
He releases my breast and I kiss him hard. I probe with my tongue. The hand behind me explores between my cheeks. We're so wet and slippery. I make little cries.
Every time we move, I can feel his rock-hard cock against me. With my hands on his shoulders, I raise myself a little to bring the tip to my opening. His eyes go wide and roll back. Little by little, I slide myself all the way down, then wrap my legs around him. He pulls me very close, his hand behind my head on his shoulder, and thrusts again and again. My God, I'm coming already. He gives a last great thrust and squeezes me tight. My world fades.

.

We're lying side-by-side at the edge of the surf; the water laps over our legs and up to our chests. He traces a nipple with his finger, then with his tongue. I stroke his hair.

.

It's later; we've dried off in the wind. We're lying on the sand by a copse of trees. Tiger-girl and Carlos are here too. I lay down on my side and curl up to sleep. I'm a little chilly, though.
"Manuel, come lie beside me; keep me warm." He comes closer and spoons with me. I can feel his erection between my legs. He puts his arm over mine and cups my breast. I purr and drop off to sleep.

.

Something wakes me; it's very dark, but the water sparkles. Manuel is still cuddling with me; I pull his hand over me and tuck myself in closer. Cozy. Sleepy. Mmmm.

.

I open my eyes; it's just dawn now. There's someone kneeling a little way off, hands on his knees, naked, watching us quietly. I shade my eyes and look closer; it's Sven.
"Sven; how did you find us?"
"I was nearly asleep, but then I saw you leave. I followed. I brought the oil and the brush."
I smile and murmur approval, and then I lay my head back down and doze a little more.

.

My tiger-sister is already up. She's leaning back on her elbows with her head tilted back, knees up, legs outstretched and open. Carlos kneels behind her, brushing her hair, while Sven is nosing between her legs. Just watching them is making me warm and tingly inside. I turn to Manuel, and between his legs I can see he's been watching too. I kiss him deeply, and he slides his hand down between my legs. I purr.

.

"How about some breakfast?"
We walk down the beach, looking for somewhere to eat. Manuel traces up and down my backbone with his fingertips. I wriggle and sigh.

.


* * *


.

I'm the morning manager of this little beach cantina -- but then I'm the greeter, waitress, busboy, cashier, and garbage hauler too. At least I don't have to cook.
The owner makes us open up really early even though there's seldom any customers. Today's different though; there's a party at the last table out in the sand.
I walk over, but as I come closer I sense something a little odd about them. Then it hits me; they're all naked as the day they were born. Well, you do see strange things on the beach sometimes.
As I stand in front of them, studying them, my opinion changes. They have no clothes on, sure, but somehow the two women are not really naked. They are so achingly, stunningly beautiful and so completely confident and at ease, it's me who's a little out of place, not them. The men are a bit different, though. A lanky man with high cheekbones and short, nearly-white hair seems comfortable enough, but the other two find it maybe a bit harder to meet my eye.
The women are lying back in their chairs, watching me quietly but intently, waiting for me to finish my thoughts. Their waist-length hair cascades to the sand.
I turn to the blonde woman. "Señora?"
She smiles, and in a clear, quiet voice, says, "Buenos días, Señora. Huevos, frijoles refritos, tortillas y salsa por favor. Oh, fruita también. Café con leche."
"Sí, Señora." I nod, and turn and walk back to the kitchen.
There are five of them, so I bring a large fruit basket: oranges, papayas, grapes, dragon fruit, mangoes. As I place it on the table, I see one of the darker men standing behind the redhead woman's chair, brushing her hair. She's leaning back with her eyes closed, a very dreamy look on her face. The blond man kneels in front between her legs, rubbing oil on her thighs. I get a glimpse between his legs; he's clearly enjoying it too.
The blonde woman gazes at me. "Muchas gracias, Señora."
Wow.

.

The two women are knockout gorgeous, to be sure, but I'm no hag myself, and I don't need anyone to tell me so. My ancestors were Cuban, which really means Spanish and Caribe with a pinch of African thrown in. It's a good combination. My features are sharp; my skin is quite dark -- it glows when I'm in the sun.
My long, straight, black hair ends below my waist. Yes, it's a pain sometimes, but it's my hair, and I'll have it the way I want it, thank you very much. I'd as soon just let it fly, but at work I clip it together at the back of my neck to keep it out of the food.
It's hot again today, even this early in the morning. In this weather, I wear a loose white sleeveless blouse over my red silk gym shorts -- lots of airflow is the key. Rather than wear a tight blouse to show off my tits, I like it extra loose to let them move. Big boobs in a tight blouse are the sign of a show-off -- tacky.
And no bra, dammit. It's hot, and I don't care what you think about the girls swinging around.

.

I take the food out; it's a big tray with lots of dishes. As I approach the table, the blond-haired man jumps up to assist. The help is appreciated, if a little surprising, but that big dong swinging between his legs is a bit distracting.
As I turn to go, I see them tear into the food. They look hungry.

.

While I get things ready for the lunch trade, I keep thinking about that table, especially about the men. I don't think I heard them say a single word, but instead they just watch quietly, going about their "work". Damn. I could use a boyfriend like that.
Not like slaves, though. They're clearly very happy where they are, doing what they're doing. Not like little puppy-dogs, either. They're strong, quiet, confident men.
Acolytes. That's it; they're acolytes. They worship those two goddesses not in word, but in quiet deed.

.

As I look out to that table at the end, I can see they must be finished; they've shifted to the nearby beach chairs. I walk out to collect the dishes.
When I arrive, instead of the usual crockery chaos, I find the dark, curly-haired man just finishing up stacking the plates neatly. He turns to me and smiles, and then helps me load the tray. But damn, that big swinging dong is distracting.
.

After I take in the dishes, I go out one more time to ask if they want anything else. The women are draped on the chaise-lounges; the men are brushing their hair, oiling them. God, one man is raking his knuckles slowly across the redhead's nipple. She'spurring, for fuck's sake.
The blonde-haired woman rises with a motion just like a great cat, shakes her hair out a little, and then walks over to me and says, "No; muchas gracias, Señora. Everything was quite lovely and we're completely satiated."
She pauses. "But please, the restaurant looks very quiet, and it's early for you to be working in this heat. Please do sit with us awhile and relax." She holds her hand out in invitation.
Now normally I wouldn't, but she's right. There's no one else here, my prep work is nearly done, and truly, I wouldn't mind a break. But mostly, these people are somehow just too intriguing to walk away from.
"Thanks."
The blond man is already behind me with a chair. Still holding my hand, the woman guides me to the chair and gracefully sits me down. My God, sheisstunning.
"It's hot, yes."
The blond man stands behind my chair; I turn my head to look at him. He has a hairbrush in his hand. His dong has filled out quite a bit.
Quietly, he raises the brush a little. "If you like, Señora."
I do a little start, pause, then nod. Hell, why not? I lean forward so he can retrieve my hair from between me and the chair. He does this so gently I hardly feel anything.
He removes the clasp and hands it to me silently. He gently collects the hair at my temples and brushes it back above my ears. He moves to my forehead, brushing back, then brushes up from the nape of my neck. He collects my hair in one hand and works out the tangles. The man does seem to know his job; he works quietly, carefully. I feel my shoulders start to relax a little -- I don't often get this sort of treatment. I close my eyes and lean back.
He's finished now, it seems. His hands are at my shoulders, tossing my hair gently, fanning it out over them. I sigh.
The blonde woman opens her eyes and looks over at me. "Would you like some oil?"
Goddamn.
I mumble something; the blond man rises silently, fetches the oil bottle, and returns. He lays my head back gently, then begins with my forehead, moving on to my eyebrows and temples. After oiling his hands again, he massages my cheekbones, my jawline. I feel the tension draining away. I also feel my nipples rising under my blouse.
He's starting in on my neck when the blonde woman says, "If you're hot, you could open your blouse a little."
She's right. I unbutton my blouse right down to the waist and fan myself with the tails, dropping them to my sides.
I start to consider what a customer coming into the cantina might think of all this. We're way out on the sand, though, and I'm facing the sea. I also have a feeling that a single calm look from either of these women would silence any question.
There's a strange, quiet power here. It's a sexual power, partly. But it's also supreme confidence and really just sheer moxie too. I don't think these men were so attentive before they met these women. The women never raise their voices; hell, they hardly talk at all, but the men just seem to know where to be and what to do. And they do it willingly, gladly, even cheerfully.
The blond man behind me is oiling my neck. As he moves a little lower, I arch my back a little and my breasts rise. He takes the hint and moves there. They're large, but he manages, starting on the sides, then underneath, then between. As he moves to oil my nipples, I start to feel a definite tingling and dampness between my legs. A purr rises inmythroat, now.
The red-haired woman sits up, swirls her hair behind her, stretches, yawns. God, with that auburn hair, that animal grace, she's... she's... She's atigeris what she is. A goddamn tiger-goddess.
She speaks: "We've been watching you all morning; we think you may be one of us. You could join us, if you like."
I'm taken aback. Who are "they", and what would it mean to join them?
But then I think about this lousy little cantina and my crummy little flat. I look at these women, with their stunning, confident presence, watching me calmly. I look at the men around me also, watching me quietly, respectfully, but hungrily too. I think they agree, though nobody's asked them, I'd guess.
Then I think of my mother, the world's strongest woman from the things she went through. She used to tell me that sometimes your best move is to just take the chance. Does the world look better on the other side? Then leap already.
The tiger-woman rises gracefully, walks over, extends a hand. I take it and rise also. She releases my hand and looks long into my eyes. I breathe deeply and shake my hair out. I look at her quietly, then I shrug my shoulders and let my blouse fall to the sand.
As I bring my hands to my hips, I say, "I guess I won't need these, either."
"No, you won't," she says.
I slide my shorts down over my hips; they drop to the sand. The breeze is cool between my legs; it whispers over my nipples.
Tiger-goddess smiles. She raises her hand, caresses the side of my breast.
"Welcome, sister," she says.

.

I feel hands on my hips. I turn my head and see the blond man.
Tiger-woman, still standing quietly in front of me, says, "That's Sven."
I turn to face Sven. He stands there quietly, studying me. His hands are still on my hips. Something lightly grazes my belly. I look down and start to reach for it, but stop.
"Sven?"
"Sí, Señora?"
"Kneel, Sven."
"Sí, Señora," he says with a quiet smile. His hands slide slowly behind my buttocks and down the back of my legs as he kneels before me. He starts to stroke between my calves.

.

I'm standing on my right leg now; the other is over Sven's shoulder. There's something sloppy wet and really distracting, really amazing, going on between my legs. I gasp once, and then again. The curly-haired man stands beside me, nuzzling my neck, kneading my bottom, rolling a nipple between his thumb and fingers.
"I'm Carlos," he says.
I'm feeling really warm. The sun is invading my head.
I feel someone else behind me, tracing the space between my buttocks with a fingertip.
"That's Manuel," says Carlos.
I'm facing toward the kitchen; I see the cook standing there with his mouth half-open, his spatula dangling from one hand. Even from this distance, I can see something growing in his shorts.
Hmmm -- one of the other tables is occupied now; a middle-aged couple, but they seem very, very quiet. They just watch intently. The man kneads the woman's knee, below her skirt. He shifts and puts his arm around her; she nestles in, her hand sliding up his chest beneath his shirt.
I feel a touch between my cheeks. It's probing for the little nub there. It finds it. Suddenly I expand and the sun rushes in and fills me.

.

I'm lying on my back now; legs apart a little, leaning against Manuel. He's collecting stray hairs and stroking my face. Carlos kneels beside me, caressing a nipple, licking something sticky from my tummy.
I look over at my blond-haired lioness mate and say, "The cook is a good man; I think you might like him." She smiles, stands, and turns to face the kitchen, legs slightly apart. She puts her hands to her neck, fans out her mane behind her, then beckons to him. He drops the spatula and stumbles toward her.
He stops in front of her, not breathing. She kneels, unties his shoes, removes them gently, sets them aside. She strokes his inner legs, up to his thighs. He gasps, looks down amazed, then his eyes close.
She stands, removes his apron, lifts off his shirt and pulls down his shorts. She looks down; it's clear he's happy to see her.

.

Sven kneels before me between my legs, watching me with his quiet half-smile. I look a little lower; he's really happy to see me too.
"Come, Sven; kiss me," I say, with a little wave of my hand. I raise my knees, arch my back and lie back in the warm sand with my hair all around me, a jaguar-goddess.

.

The man at the table has pushed his chair back; I can see his shorts on the sand beside him. The woman is kneeling in the chair facing him, her blouse open and tossing in the breeze. Her skirt is up around her waist. She arches her back and shakes her hair out. She gasps; he groans.

.

Sven's head is lying on my chest, his arms up along my sides. I stroke his hair. Off to my right, I hear a rising sound. The cook is kneeling before the lion-goddess, reaching between her legs to stroke between her cheeks with his hand. His face is tipped back between her legs, rocking, rocking.
The sound rises, falls a little, then rises again to an animal scream. I'm sure you can hear it far, far away.

.

The cook still kneels, but now he's bent over forward with his head touching the sand, panting. The lioness stands beside him, stroking his back gently. She turns her head and looks out to sea.
The tigress rises in her amazing animal way, then stretches, yawns, and purrs. She shakes her head; her mane flares out behind her. Her skin shines in the sun.
She walks over to the cook, takes him by the hand and lifts him to his feet. He's still hard as a rock. "Come, José," she says.
"José?"
She looks at him quietly for a moment; she reaches out to stroke his hip with her fingertips. "José," she repeats quietly.
He stares at her, losing himself in her eyes. "José," he says softly, rolling the name on his tongue, as if trying out the taste. Then he stands a little straighter; his shoulders square a little. "José," he says again, quietly.
"Let's swim," she says, turning toward the water, his hand still in hers, but now stretched across in front of the two of them. She reaches behind him with the other hand and traces lightly between his cheeks, then up his spine. He shivers visibly.
"Yes, let's swim," I say, catching my other sister's eye. I rise and shake my head, splaying out my mane. The men stand too, and we all follow an auburn tiger-goddess and our new acolyte down to the sea for his baptism.

.

II.
"I could use a break."
My lioness sister and I are swimming along the coast, while our jaguar sister and the men walk along the beach. The water is warm and quiet, even silky, but we're quite far out, and we've been in the water a long time.
"Me too," she says. "How about those fishing boats over there?"
Two small fishing boats lie a little way off. Each has several poles out and a fisherman napping under his straw hat. My sister heads for the nearest boat; I swim to the other.
I tread water beside the boat; it's a small sailing canoe with a crooked mast. From where I am, low in the water, I can't see inside. I tap on the hull; the fisherman's head pops up. His eyes go very wide.
"Can I come aboard to rest awhile?"
"Uh -- Uh." He stammers wordlessly. I imagine he's surprised to see a swimmer out this far.
"Sí. Sí -- come aboard." I grab the gunwale; he leans far back to balance, at the same time extending a hand to help me climb aboard. It's really awkward; the boat rocks violently; I tumble in and fall in a confused wet heap, laughing.
"Gracias, Señor. Gracias," I say, catching my breath. I sit up and try to sort myself out. It's a small boat, so we're quite close. He kneels; I settle with my legs tucked beneath me.
He just stares at me, silent, amazed.
"Sirena," he whispers, awestruck.
Sirena? Oh --Mermaid. Suddenly, I see why he might think that. I'm naked, of course, all tangled up in my long hair. I'm sure he's thinking, "What the hell have I caught today?"
I reach out and touch his knee. He jumps a little.
"No, just a woman out swimming," I say, as if a naked woman swimming miles from shore was an everyday occurrence. I massage his kneecap with my fingertips to calm him. My nakedness and the touch are having a different effect, though. I can see a bulge growing in his shorts.
I hold my hand motionless on his thigh and look into his eyes. He's breathing very shallowly.
"Please don't take me, Doña Sirena," he whispers. "I have a wife and two little ones who depend on me."
Sirena. Mermaid, but alsoSiren. A Siren whose unbearably sweet song lures sailors to their doom.
We sit quietly while I ponder this. Is that what we are? Sirens calling men to their doom?
I look over at the other boat. They're too far away to hear voices, but I can clearly see my golden-haired sister reach down and open the fisherman's shorts. He's fondling her breast. They'll clearly be busy for a while.
I look closer at the man in front of me. Strong arms from rowing and pulling lines, he's burnt brown by the sun. He looks to be nearing middle age, with a kind face. A strong man, brought low by fear -- fear of me.
Time to decide.
"What is your name, Señor?" I ask.
"Mi nombre es Felipe," he says, quietly.
"Do not fear, Señor Felipe. Let me rest awhile, and I will leave you. Remember me though, and go home and make your wife happy tonight."
He breathes a little sigh; I see his shoulders relax a little.
I start trying to untangle my hair. I look at him, smile, and gesture. He reaches over and tentatively begins helping me with my hair. We work at it together for a while until it's straighter.
When I can finally sweep my hair behind me, I lean a little closer, and take his hand in both of mine. I look at it closely; I knead the callouses with my thumbs. It's a beautiful, strong hand; skin rough with much toil. I raise it to my lips and kiss it, then bring it to my breast. He gasps.
"Have no fear, Felipe," I say, smiling.

.


* * *


.

There's a man in my kitchen.
I stop for a moment, and watch him from behind as he dices onions, grates cheese, and cores peppers. A salsa simmers on the stove; we're making chiles rellenos.
He works quickly, smoothly, with a sure, deft touch. He's clearly spent many years in kitchens. I stand and admire him as he works.
Yes, there's a man in my kitchen -- anakedman, at that.
There's more to admire than just his kitchen skills. He's tall and lean, with straight, glossy black hair to his shoulders. His skin is dark from the sun.
Having him here brings back memories. It's a long time ago now, many years, since my Andres left me. Just like every morning, he went out fishing very early, but then one day his boat came home alone. It's been a quiet life here, without him.
I look past the man's shoulder, out the window. Past the shade of the yard, past the low garden wall is the beach, and beyond is the bright sea.
I look at the man again. He's so handsome, no, so beautiful, that I can't resist touching him. I run my hand down his back to rest on his powerful, taut cheek. I can't help myself; I have to give it a little squeeze, too. He turns to me with a quiet smile, then turns back and goes on working. He doesn't try to hide the effect my touch has on him, though.
"Careful with that knife, now, José," I say, with a smile. "We already have plenty of minced meat for the peppers."
He looks at me levelly, then suddenly flicks his wrist, sending the knife spinning and twisting up toward the ceiling, flipping end over end. The knife falls, and without breaking my gaze, he catches it by the handle.
"Sí, Señora." He smiles crookedly. He shakes the hair from his eyes, turns away, and goes on chopping, a smirk on his face.
I turn my head and look out the window to my left, to my vegetable garden. It's a riot of tomatoes, beans, peppers, eggplant, squash. Four men work there, all naked as well. One turns the compost pile in the corner of the yard; two are on hands and knees in the rows, weeding. The fourth I see over at the far wall with a trowel in his hand; he's patching broken stucco. My garden has never looked this good.
But under the trees, out toward the beach, are my three true guests, resting in the shade.
What can I say about them? Where would I start?
They are stunningly beautiful young women, but they are more. They're different; they seem to know something, something that I think I always longed to know, or maybe did know, myself. But I feel they're teaching it to me, somehow, slowly.
They lie naked on the sandy grass, completely at ease, talking quietly. Watching them, I sense a powerful, quiet confidence and grace.
But strange, strangest of all, is that I'm naked too. How on earth has it come to this?
I turn to the counter and start rolling out tortillas. José smiles at me again. I fry the tortillas quickly, one by one.

.

I sit with my three guests under the trees behind the house, the fresh sea breeze caressing my bare skin. It's a delicious feeling; how is it I never did this before?
It's midday, siesta time, but we're talking quietly, not sleeping.
The guest I've come to think of as a tigress says, "We've been living off the kindness of strangers. I'm always amazed -- old women come out as we pass by; they offer us mangoes, papayas, tortillas, boiled eggs."
"One even said, 'Bless you' to me," remarks another woman, the lioness.
"And you've taken us all in for days, now," says the dark-haired woman, the jaguar. "We've eaten your garden down to stumps."
"We women talk among ourselves, in the market, across the back fence," I say. "A few months ago, my friend east of town told us of you, how you had come to stay with her, how you ranged the countryside, how you were becoming confident, stronger, bold, even a bit wild. Then you disappeared suddenly, and she asked us to watch out for you. She thought you might be on an adventure."
All three chuckle. "Yes, you could call it that," says the tigress.
"Word has quietly gone around among the women that you're doing something new; something different, maybe even something important," I say. "The little bit we can see of it, we like very much. You can count on us."
We all sit quietly for a while, lost in thought.
The lioness speaks up: "But if we want to go on with this, we should learn to feed ourselves."
"My Andres often said that there's no excuse for a fisherman to go hungry on this coast. He's gone now, but his boat is still in the shed, and most of his gear is there too. It's yours if you want it."
"Pedro, the man who just joined us, is a fisherman," says the lioness. "He brought his boat with him. With two boats, we could all travel together."
"I think you need some privacy, too," I say. "There's a very quiet, very beautiful cove east of here, far past the end of the road, where Andres took me when we were young lovers. It might be just the place for you."

.

"Will you not come with us, sister?" asks the lioness.
The men have caulked Andres' boat, and sorted out and loaded his gear. Pedro's boat is ready, too. Both boats are stuffed with as much of my garden produce as will keep long enough to eat. The men have carried the boats across the sand to the water, and they wait there, ready.
I stand at the beach wall with my three friends, my goddess sisters, as they prepare to depart.
"No, I think not. I have a comfortable life here, and I'm not as young as you. Do visit me again as you pass by, though."
"We will," they all answer.
"And bring your lovely young men too," I say.
We all throw our heads back and laugh.

.

III.
I stand on the cliff with my leopard sister; the sun warms our backs. We stand hand in hand, feet apart, the early-morning land breeze blowing our hair out before us. We look down on our lovely cove, still partly in shade. We're breathing a bit from our morning climb.
The iridescent blue sea stretches off forever on our right, its low waves rolling in lazily and foaming gently on the sand. Just at the horizon, I can see a bright line -- the outer bar. To our left, a small waterfall drops in fits and starts from the bluff down to the sand. The little stream it makes winds across the sand to the sea. At the near end of the beach lie a sailing canoe and a larger skiff pulled up on the sand. Behind us is a small clearing, then jungle.
Looking closer now, we can see our men have risen too. One is in the shallows, casting a net over the rippled sea. Another stands far out on the rocks, perfectly still, looking intently into the water, a spear in his right hand and a coil of line at his feet.
The crown of a palm tree in the distance shakes; we see a man high up, tossing coconuts to the ground, where another man dodges the falling bombs, laughing, then gathers them in his arms.
I see a form out in the surf, hair splayed out behind her -- our cheetah sister. A man in front of her tosses her gently in the waves while her crystal laugh sparkles -- we can hear it all the way up here.

.

We are three sister-goddesses here right now, and about half a dozen men. There are other sisters and other men elsewhere whose paths we cross from time to time.
Unlike my larger sisters, I'm slight of build -- I'm a lynx to their leopard and cheetah. My mother was Chinese; my father Ismali -- she gave me her breasts and hair, but my skin is darker, like his. Goddesses come in all shapes and sizes, no?

.

I hear a small noise behind us; we turn into the sun and wind. I tilt my head back and shake it to toss my hair behind me, where it sails in the breeze.
A little way off, where a narrow forest path broadens into windblown grass, stands a lanky young man in tan shorts, his eyes wide, jaw slack. On a shoulder strap he carries a large wicker pannier. As he totters a bit, my sister bounds over to catch the basket before it falls to the ground.
She sets the load carefully down, then takes the man's hand. With her other hand, she strokes his forearm and pats the back of his hand.
"Come rest," she says.
She leads him over to the shade of an isolated tree. He melts to the ground, staring up at us: first at me, then at my sister. He breathes shallowly; he swallows. He stares at my sister, transfixed.
I go over to retrieve the basket. It's huge; there are a dozen loaves of crusty fresh bread, half a wheel of cheese, several bottles of wine, and two bottles of oil.
As I bring the basket over, I study the young man. He's tall and thin, with a tan that shows evidence of much time in the sun. His hair is blond, even white; his eyes are a shade of blue you could lose yourself in. He's looking a bit better now; he sits there, legs crossed, looking up at me, very quiet.
My sister sits beside him with her arm around him. Her other hand rests gently on his knee.
"I h-heard stories," he stammers softly. "I d-didn't really believe them."
"Yet you brought such lovely gifts," I say with a smile.
It's windy up here; my hair whips around me, blowing across my breasts. I raise a hand to gather it and toss my head to send most of it behind me. He sits frozen, absolutely mesmerized.
"Lay back; catch your breath," my leopard-sister says, "and we'll climb down presently and meet the others." She leans him back; sliding around behind him until she's leaning against the tree with his head in her lap. She strokes his hair tenderly with one hand, while caressing his face with the other. I carefully remove his shoes, and start massaging his feet and calves.
He's breathing more normally now; I think the sight of us really shocked him. But we're really quite harmless -- he'll see. There's a bulge in his shorts, though, that tells me he'll likely recover.
I sit down beside him, knees together and feet to one side. We sit quietly like this for a while, then his eyes close and he dozes. I reach over and take my sister's hand; we look at each other. She gives a little squeeze, smiles warmly, and then drops my hand.
I curl up beside the young man and close my eyes. I hear her breathing become regular, and then I drift off myself.

.

I wake momentarily, finding the young man on his side, curled up behind me. I pull his arm over me and snuggle up closer. I dream of big cats frolicking in the water.

.

When I stir again, I can tell the young man is already awake, but he's very still; hardly breathing. His arm is still over me; his hand grazes my breast. But I sense he's embarrassed, like he's overstepped some bound, even though unknowingly in his sleep. I can feel his erection in the small of my back. But he's lying very still, trying not to wake me.
I can't hear my sister breathing; she must be awake too. Well, there's only one thing for it: I roll over quickly, still under his arm, and throw my arm over him and look into his eyes. He's surprised, but caught by my gaze, he can't look away.
I wriggle in very close. I smile and stroke his bottom slowly. He takes a shallow breath. I tip my head up and kiss him softly. I wait. He's hesitant; fearful of something.
I kiss him again; I caress him tenderly. "Please join us, Hans," I whisper.
I see confusion in his eyes. I kiss him again.
His head is still in my sister's lap. She's leaning over a little, stroking his neck and back gently. He's shaking a little.
"Yes, Hans," she says, "the stories are true."
Suddenly, I see his eyes clear a little. "Hans?" he says hesitantly.
"Yes," I say. I pull my hand from his back and place it flat on his chest, between us. I kiss him, kiss him again, and then slide my hand down to his shorts; resting my fingers on the waistband. I open the button gently.
I see his shoulders relax. "Hans." he says, "Yes."
There's power and peace in knowing your true name.
I slide his zipper down; we work together to push down his shorts. I roll over on top of him. He's been hard so long, I daren't waste any time. I lean down, slide forward, dragging my nipples on his chest. I reach down and guide him into me. He thrusts up into me immediately; I gasp and fade away a little. We clasp hands and push at each other. We're thrusting back and forth; in and out. I arch my back and toss my hair. Suddenly, he thrusts hard, cries out, and falls back.
I look up at my sister. She has her hands on his shoulders, kneading them. He and I are both sweating. She smiles beatifically and leans forward to me. We kiss.

.

I'm lying back now in the shade, just drifting. My sister is by the tree on her back. Hans is on all fours above her, kissing her neck; she's stroking him down low. He moves in closer; he rubs his tip on hers; she moans. He pulls back a little; slides in slowly; they both moan. She wraps her legs around him; they thrust; thrust again. She cries out, then he does too.

.

I'm standing on the cliff looking down; Hans' hand is in mine. My sister stands on his other side with her arm around his waist. It's past midday; the sea breeze has been blowing for some time now.
"It's not an easy trail down; let us guide you."
"Yes, My Lady," he says in a clear, quiet voice.
We start down.

.

As we walk across the sand from the base of the cliff, I catch the eye of a large, ebony-skinned man; he's working on a fishing net. He jumps up and comes over.
"John, there's a basket up there, by the trail. Best we bring it down before the animals get into it."
He nods.
"It's big; you might want help."
He nods again and trots away.
A few minutes later, I see John and Marcos scaling the cliff. John has a coil of rope over his shoulder.

.


* * *


.

It's very early; I'm following Hans through the forest jungle above our cove. He clearly knows where he's going, but I'm damned if I can see a trail.
I wanted to see how the men check their traps, so I asked to tag along.
"Of course, My Lady," he said in his usual quiet way.
As I follow behind him, I see him leap lightly from one tree root to the next, making absolutely no sound. A thought strikes me: if my sisters and I are goddesses, then this life truly makes our men as gods. What a specimen he is: tall, taut, brown as a berry, long pale hair, and so powerful, but so graceful too. Over his shoulder is a sling; a knife is behind him at his waist on a string.
Before we left, he explained that even though we would just check traps, we would move as quietly as possible, just on the off chance we might surprise something tasty. So he carries a short spear in his right hand, not cocked to throw, but at the ready nonetheless.
We reach the first snare. It's at eye level, sprung, but empty, except for a few scraps of fur. Hans turns to me and in the quietest whisper, says, "Something found it, but then wanted very much to live another day." Hans quietly re-sets the snare and baits it.
The next trap is empty, but the third has something in it; it looks at us with frightened eyes and struggles a little. A sereque; a kind of rodent, but large -- large enough that one or two are a main course for us all.
Hans looks intently at it, and coos softly. He approaches very slowly, singing quietly to the animal. He's trying to calm it a little, but the spear in his right hand is point-up. Even if the animal does not know the meaning of this, I do.
Then so swiftly that I hardly see the motion, the spear is through the chest of the sereque; right through the heart, I'd wager. It jerks, spasms once or twice, then is still.
"You sang to him?" I ask.
"Bad enough to die, but to die in fear is worse," he says.
He frees the sereque from the snare and stows it in his sling, then re-sets the snare.
Hans is a little wired, so talks to me to calm himself. "We used to field-dress them up here, but it makes a big mess that scares their friends away. There's also no water, so it's hard to clean ourselves up afterward."
We check the other traps; they're all still in place. Hans looks at each carefully, then leaves it alone when he's satisfied.

.

We're back at the top of the cliff. I take his hand as we look down at the cove.
"Let's rest a bit. Remember that tree?" I say.
"I'll never forget, My Lady."
We walk over; he lays down his sling and spear in the shade and unties the knife from his waist. I stand behind him as he does this. I stroke his back, ending up with my hand on his hip as he turns toward me.
He's at full mast; I can't resist touching him. He purrs quietly and puts his hands on my hips. I look up at him.
"My sisters and I can always guess what you men think of us," I say. "Is it awkward, up and down all the time, like that?"
He thinks for a minute.
"When I was a small boy, it would often get big for no obvious reason. It felt a little weird." He goes on, "At that age, it wasn't sexual at all, but it still happened, quite often even, and I definitely noticed it."
He's surprisingly willing to talk today. He continues, "But later when I wore a man's clothes, it could be embarrassing, yes, if it got big at the wrong time. I didn't want it to be noticed." He pauses. "Men would chaff you, but women, you didn't want to intimidate or embarrass them."
A long pause. "Here, it's different. The men will be working together on something. We'll stop for a moment to breathe, then suddenly one of the men will begin to stiffen. We know what he's thinking, though -- he's thinking of one of you, either remembering or anticipating. We all understand immediately. We might smile, but we don't razz him, because we feel the same way too.
"And when one of you sisters sees us hard, it's pure pleasure. We can see how much you enjoy it.
"It's so different here; there doesn't seem any need to hide it."
Still stroking him lightly, I place one hand flat on his chest, and tilt my head up to kiss him softly.
"Perhaps," I say, "but right now I feel an unaccountable desire to hide it anyway."
"Oh, you'll regret that, My Lady," he says, smiling.
"I truly hope so," I say, smiling too.
He strokes my hips; his right hand drifts behind me, caressing. He pulls me close. We kiss.
He does his level best to make me regret my pun.

.


* * *


.

The water's fairly calm today; just a gentle swell.
A few minutes ago, I came down off the cliff all sweaty and dusty, and saw Hans working by the shore, lashing some long flexible sticks together to make a crab trap. It turns out he was a carpenter in a previous life.
I beckoned to him and he jumped up and chased me into the water, then we fell in all laughing and splashing. We swam out, quite far actually, then drifted slowly back in. Now we're down at the far end of the cove, away from the others, at that magical depth where he can stand, but I'm over my head.
I'm sideways in his arms with my arm around his neck; we're kissing softly. I'm toying with the hair on his chest; he's teasing my nipple. I can feel his erection graze my bottom as the swell rises and falls. I'm so light; I'm just floating in his arms.
He turns me around so my back is to him. He's holding me by the hips, bobbing me up and down a little, stroking my skin, nuzzling my neck. I reach back with one arm and pull his head forward to kiss him.
He rubs my belly with one hand, then slides it down between my legs. The other moves across my chest, massaging the opposite breast, twisting my nipple. I moan. I can feel his big tool tapping against my inner thighs. He's working his fingers in between my lips, sliding gently up and down, and that little hill down there is becoming a mountain. I'm getting warm, fading out and in a little, and I'm definitely tingling down there.
I reach down between my legs to touch him, and I hook my toes behind his thighs. Now my legs are wide open, and what he's doing down there is getting really distracting. I fade out for a bit again.
I feel him shift his fingers a little, then suddenly he's inside me, thrusting upward. Coming into me from behind this way, he's hitting a special little spot inside, making me moan and pant and really drift away. He's sliding in and out; I'm drifting farther and farther from shore. He tenses and moans, then I'm clear out of sight of shore for a long while.

.

We're back to me sitting in the crook of his arm, kissing, touching, tickling; gasping occasionally.
Now that we've calmed down and are just enjoying the glow, drifting back toward shore, I ask him something that's been intriguing me since he first arrived.
"How'd you find us here? This place is pretty remote. I'm sure the Maya knew about it, but they all live in cities now."
He pauses. "It's a long story, My Lady, especially in a place like this where we do rather than talk."
I consider this. It's true; our men are so attentive to us that we can be goddesses of few words. They don't need many words either, since their worship is mostly of deeds.
Still, I'm curious.
"I think if you go slow, you'll be fine."
He's quiet for a long while, collecting his thoughts for unaccustomed display in words. He makes to start once or twice, but then stops up short when he thinks better of it.
Finally, he begins. "In that time before, when I answered to a name I no longer think of very often, I lived in a small village by the beach. It's the kind of place you see many of here; a stone road with the beach on one side, and on the other side houses with small shops in their lowest floor. Opposite the houses there's a low stone wall along the road to keep the sand out. Often in these towns there will be a little cantina on the beach side of the road, with tables in the sand.
"I did a little carpentry then. But there's never enough work in one town, so I would travel to other towns up and down the coast when I heard of work there. So while this one town was my home, I would often be gone for long periods.
"As I traveled the coast, I would sit in cantinas in the evening after my work was done. I'd sometimes strike up a conversation, but mostly I just sat and listened to those around me.
"I heard many stories, legends, and tall tales told by the local people. The fishermen had the best stories: sea monsters, mermaids, that sort of thing. After a while though, you've heard all the stories, and it's just pleasant and comfortable to sit and hear them again, maybe told better, maybe not.
"But a few years ago, I started to hear new stories. I never heard them all in one place, and it was quite a while before I came to think that they might be connected.
"There were strange little stories of goddesses by the sea, but also of large cats like leopards and lions running wild there. That was crazy talk, of course; there are no big cats anywhere near here.
"But there were also odd tales of young men, and sometimes women, who would just vanish, leaving nothing behind but a little scattered clothing on the sand. No marks of violence, no blood, just scattered clothing. There were even whispered stories of wild orgies on the beach and in the surf -- not something you'd expect in this sort of place.
"As I said: odd, confusing, whispered tales. But new tales, which I found interesting. They say there's nothing really new under the sun, but as far as I could remember, I'd never heard any of these stories until just a few years ago.
"And then there were other strange stories, not of the vague, legendary kind, but things you could actually hear a first-hand account of. Young men walking in naked off the beach in the morning; men none of the locals recognized. When asked who they were and where they were from, the response was just mumbled ramblings of tigers and goddesses.
"These stories were so scattered, though, that the only way to hear them all was to travel the coast like I did. A story here; a tall tale there; but never all in one place."
He pauses, a faraway look in his eyes.
"Then it happened to me. Work was slow; I was home for a while. I was sitting at a table in front of the little café in our town. The tables are in the road, shaded by the houses in the morning -- very pleasant.
"As I sat sipping my café con leche, I saw someone walking up the beach. I first saw him at quite a distance. I didn't watch him the whole way, of course, but just noticed him from time to time. I was actually far more interested in the pretty young girls passing by in their flowing summer dresses.
"Eventually, though, this man came abreast of the village, left the hard sand by the water and walked over the soft sand to the road. As he stepped up on the wall to cross it, I saw he was naked.
"He was also heavily bearded and had very long hair down his back. I didn't notice these at first, of course. Other things about him were much more distracting, as you might imagine."
Hans gazes out to sea, seeming to consider how to phrase the next part of his story.
"But when I say 'naked', that doesn't really describe it properly.
"Now if a man is caught with his pants down, he may cover his privates, or he may act bold and pretend it doesn't matter. Either way, he's naked and he knows it.
"This man, though, acted as though he didn't know he was naked. Not like he didn't care, but like he truly didn't remember. You could imagine someone telling him, 'You're naked!' and him looking down and saying, 'Oh, yes, good point.'"
I reach down and grab Hans' most obvious point, give it a little squeeze, and say, "Here's a good point!" He pokes me in the ribs, making me squeal.
"Do you want to hear this tale, My Lady, or are you ready for another round so soon?"
"Oh, I'm always ready, but I want to hear the story more."
By now we've dried ourselves by lying in the sun on the hard sand, and we've walked hand-in-hand over to sit under a small clutch of trees. The sea breeze is fully in, and it's lovely. He sits and leans against a tree; I sit to one side of him, leaning back against his chest. I toy with the hair on his leg. He ruffles my hair, then combs it with his fingers, laying it out across his lap.
"As you wish, My Lady.
"So the man walks across the road to the little café where I'm sitting, sits down, crosses his legs, and looks around him. He sees me and nods; I nod back. Just another day at the café, except for one thing, of course.
"The owner comes out and does a tiny double-take, but he's a tough old guy, and won't be intimidated by some clown with no clothes. The man orders breakfast and coffee, which arrives. He chows down like he hasn't eaten in days.
"Afterward, he sits sipping his coffee, looking very satisfied. A while later, he gets up and walks on. I'm a little flabbergasted; I'd never seen the owner give away a meal before. As I say, he's a tough old guy.
"Later, as I'm paying my bill, I look at the owner, raise my eyebrow in a question, and tip my head toward the table where the man had been sitting.
"The owner may be a tough guy, but he's a straight guy too. He gives me an odd look and he says, 'I guess you wouldn't believe me if I said it never occurred to me to charge him.' He pauses. 'Yeah, it's strange. Even stranger than a naked guy walking up, sitting down, and ordering breakfast.'
"I got some work up the coast the next day and was away for several months. When I got back, I heard the guy had stayed in our town. He'd worked odd jobs for a while, but then ended up helping out in our little bakery. Somewhere along the line, somebody found him some clothes to wear, which made everyone else a little more comfortable. I had a notion it was neither here nor there to him.
"A year or two later, I heard he had taken over the bakery from the retiring owner. He married a very nice local girl; they have two little ones now. From everything I can see, they are a very happy couple. In the high season, he sells marquesitas and churros to beach-goers from a little window in the front of his shop."
"Marquesitas," I say. "Interesting." I tickle him under the balls a little to distract him. He pokes me in the ribs.
He goes on, "He's still the same guy, though. One morning, I'm up really early, walking through town. I see him out in front of the bakery, sweeping up, naked as a jaybird. His pretty little wife comes out, goes up on her toes, kisses him on the cheek, and hands him a pair of shorts. What a guy.
"As time went on, I got to know him better. We would sit in the cantina in the evening sometimes. Very nice guy, very quiet, very respectful of the waitresses. One time I started telling him about the stories I was hearing up and down the coast.
"He's always quiet, but this time he sits there very, very quietly looking me straight in the eye. A long, long silence, us staring at each other.
"Finally he says, 'There's places on the coast here where if you took a nice basket of say, bread, cheese, wine, and maybe some oil, to just the right spot, you might see something you didn't expect.'
"I just sat looking at him for a while, mulling this over. I got a pretty strong feeling he wasn't ready to say any more, so I changed the subject.
"Over the next few months, I kept going back over what he'd said. He hadn't laughed, he hadn't deflected. It seemed pretty likely that at least some of what I was hearing had some basis in fact. I mean after all, I did watch him walk in naked from the beach one morning and order breakfast.
"But goddesses? Lions and tigers? Seriously? Still, all the stories seemed somehow vaguely connected, in a way I just couldn't quite make out.
"Then one night as he and I sat very late in the cantina, I asked him where one of those places on the coast might be. He gave me that long, very quiet stare again; he was clearly weighing his opinion of me. He'd known me for some time at that point; I think he trusted me. Well, I guess it's clear he trusted me, because he told me how to find that cliff where I met you."
"And you saw us standing there in the wind."
"You two turned to look at me and I knew immediately the goddess part was true. After a day or two of watching you and your sisters (which honestly is what we all do here, all the time), I understood the part about big cats too.
"But I've only been here a few months, so I haven't figured out the missing men and women."
I smile. "Occasionally we like to go into town and visit a cantina, or eat marquesitas on the beach. Sometimes young people come back with us. They generally leave their clothing behind."
"Oh." He pauses. "That explains the orgy stories."
"Yeah. I guess you can't just blow into town, have a wild orgy at the cantina, and then make off with the staff and expect no one to talk."
"I guess not." He smiles a crooked smile.
By this time we're back at the other end of the beach and it's time for lunch. I tickle him on his bottom, stroke his ribs, and go up on my toes to kiss him appreciatively. Something else down below rises appreciatively. I give it a little tickle too.

.


* * *


.

"There's something I've been wondering for a long time," says Hans, "but I wasn't sure how to ask. I'm not even sure it's my place to ask, or if you would want to talk about it anyway."
It's afternoon now; we're lying facing each other under our tree at the top of the cliff, having just awakened from a little nap. I smile, then stroke his hip and say, "I can't think of anything I wouldn't want to talk about."
He's still hesitant, I see. It must be something really difficult.
Finally, he blurts out, "With all the 'exercise' we get here every day, how is it there are no children?"
I stop to think about this.
Hans, of all the men here, is the one who seems the least comfortable. He of course joins enthusiastically in the men's work and our daily "recreation", but there's always a shadow behind his eyes, an unease. I wonder if maybe he's afraid there's some terrible hidden catch to all of this.
It's true we're a strange lot, and that we live in a very unusual way. We never wear any clothing unless the weather is really foul, and yet somehow we manage to avoid jealousy even as we make love to whomever, wherever, whenever, on the slightest excuse. The men work together to keep us safe and fed; we sisters, we goddesses, offer our admiration freely to them and receive their worship in return.
Finally I say, "There was some concern in the past, but since we got the big stew-pot, everything's fine now."
He looks at me, confused. I see him thinking hard, trying to figure out what I'm saying. Then I watch a slow, dawning realization come over him. His eyes widen with a look something like horror.
But I can't stand it anymore; I can't keep a straight face. I start to smile, then I stifle a laugh. Then I break down completely.
He's really perplexed, then the penny drops.
"You... You! You little MINX!"
He jumps at me and pokes me in the ribs. He tickles me in the belly, under my chin, under my arms, on the soles of my feet. I'm laughing so hard; I'm gasping. I can't stand it!
"Stop! Stop! Please, stop!"
"No -- not until you PAY!"
I'm squirming to get away, but he holds me down, tickling, tickling. I'm laughing so hard I'm losing control; I feel my sphincter let go and I wet myself. I spray him too.
He stops with a satisfied look on his face.
"That was cruel," he says.
I'm still gasping, but I say, "I'm sorry, but I couldn't resist. I don't get a straight line like that every day."
He starts tickling me again.
"Please! I apologize! Itwascruel; it was mean; and I'm sorry," I say, but not without a little smile.
"OK," he says.
A long pause, then he says, "I guess I'm always a little worried this whole thing isn't real. I'm afraid there's some awful secret I haven't discovered, or that I'm going to wake up and find it was all just a dream."
My breathing is nearly back to normal. "It's not perfect, Hans, but it's no dream," I say quietly.
He looks at me for a while without expression, then leans down and starts cleaning me with his tongue.
"You don't have to do that," I say.
"I know," he says, and continues.
I lie back. He works quietly for a while, licking me; I stroke his hair.
He lifts his head. "So if you're done teasing me..."
Well now I really do have to answer, but it's not an easy question.
"Maybe it's the hard life we lead here: the daily heavy exercise, the periodic short rations. That sort of thing has been known to affect ovulation. I do know that I haven't bled since I joined my sisters here."
I pause. "But this life seems too precarious for children anyway; maybe there's something more, something we sisters have somehow learned to do. I really don't know."
He looks at me silently, then he moves his tongue to that special place between my legs. I tousle his hair. I gasp, then moan.
What a strange and wonderful life this is.

.


* * *


.

"That story about your friend the baker brought back memories," I say.
"How so?" says Hans.
I'm working with Hans, cleaning fish and laying them out on racks to dry. Diego and Hans brought back a huge load of bonefish today, more than we can eat, so we need to preserve them. They're not easy to catch, but Diego was a fisherman before he joined us, and he's been teaching Hans.
I reply, "You mentioned your friend was always very respectful of the waitresses, which made me remember how rare that was when I worked in one of those beach-side cantinas.
"As a waitress, you want to make the customers comfortable and happy. It's good for your tips, of course, but it's also your job, and you want to do it well.
"But just because I smile and ask about your day doesn't make me your girlfriend, and certainly doesn't mean I want to be groped. And Iabsolutelydon't need you following me home. But all that seems to come with the territory; it seems to be accepted, even expected, especially late in the evening when the cerveza has been flowing freely."
I pause, remembering. "And that's just the way it was, until the day it all changed.
"Late one evening, we were getting ready to close; the owner was filling in for one of the waitresses who had quit earlier in the day. He had been serving a table out in the sand, where a single woman sat quietly, facing the sea.
"I saw him standing by the table and talking with her for a while, then he sat down across from her. They talked for a long time, as the last of the other customers left and I closed up.
"When I finished cleaning up, I went over to ask if there was anything I could bring them before I went home.
"The woman looked at me; I hadn't seen her face until then, since she had been facing out to sea. As her eyes met mine, I was struck speechless. She was stunningly beautiful, and had the most amazing presence -- a confidence and grace you seldom see: a calm, quiet, power that's hard to describe.
"'No. Gracias, Señorita,' she said to me with a quiet smile. 'It's very late; please accept our thanks.'
"The owner looked up at me then. I should mention that he'd seemed very tired and careworn for a long time. Not surprising -- running a cantina involves long hours and managing sometimes very unruly customers, but in a small town they're customers you can't afford to antagonize.
"Sitting there at the table, though, he seemed somehow much more relaxed -- lighter, calmer.
"He said, 'The señora here has had some experience running a cantina; she's suggested that I try stepping back a bit and spend less time working. She'll take over the evening shift for me, starting tomorrow.'
"I nodded, and as I turned to go I looked a little closer at the woman: calm clear eyes, long dark hair, beautiful dark skin, and she was wearing... well, nothing. Her personal presence was so strong that you had to look a second time just to see that. A remarkable woman indeed.
"When I arrived the next day for my shift, Señora was already there. She was barefoot, and she looked very elegant in a white sarong-like wrap gathered above her breasts. Then it struck me -- her wrap was one of the tablecloths that we used for special occasions. Amazing. Whowasthis woman who was clearly a very serious and substantial person, but apparentlyowned no clothing?"
"She was one of the sisters," says Hans.
"Yes of course, but I didn't know that then."
"And you didn't even know what that might mean."
"No; that came with time."
We're done cleaning and laying out the fish now, and Hans collects the offal in a bucket to use as crab bait tomorrow. I've been rinsing off the fish as we went along, so I'm filthy, as is Hans. We head toward the beach to clean up properly.
We splash out to deeper water and bob in the swell, washing each other. His hands feel wonderful on my skin. As he washes me, I feel my nipples stiffen and he sees this, smiles, and toys with them a little. I tip my head back and kiss him softly.
"So go on, My Lady," he says. "Tell me more about that sister."
I continue. "As I said, everything changed when Señora took over. Our cantina had always been a pretty rough place in the evenings. A lot of hands on the waitresses, and fights would break out once or twice a week too. Sometimes the fight would be over a waitress, which was especially scary for us.
"But when Señora took over the evening shift, things became calmer. It was still plenty loud, with lots of laughing and joking and the sort of insults and dick-measuring that men do, but the tone changed. The joking was in good fun now, and it was taken that way. The hard edge went off.
"You couldn't say exactly what she had done -- she seldom spoke, and I never once heard her raise her voice. It was just that presence she had."
"I think I know what you mean," says Hans. "I've seen it in military men. It's not menace exactly, but they just make it clear where the boundaries are; what behavior is acceptable. And it's done mostly without words."
"Yes," I say, and then memory floods back. "One evening some workers from out of town came to the cantina. It got late; they got quite drunk, then something was said and suddenly the table went over with a crash and they were circling each other, hunched over with knives out.
"In the past, a fight like that would drag in the whole cantina, with everyone shouting and pushing and shoving to see the show.
"This time, though, our cantina just became quiet. Quiet, but calm -- not tense at all; the men just turned and watched from their seats. Señora was polishing glasses at the bar; she stopped and looked at the men.
She didn't actually say anything at first; she just looked at them. She watched them intently, but calmly.
"The two men hesitated, perhaps sensing something. Then Señora said, in a calm clear voice, not loud, but very clear: 'Gentlemen.' They both looked at her, frozen in their places.
"'Gentlemen, this is not that sort of bar. In fact, it's not that sort of town, either. Please take your disagreement elsewhere.'
"It was like the air just went out of them -- they just deflated visibly. A fight like that is meant to prove something, but they suddenly realized all they had proven was that they were not men, but just childish boys scrapping in the schoolyard."
"She brought everything into focus, didn't she?" Hans says.
"Yes. All the local men unconsciously craved her respect. So did those strangers; they just didn't realize it until they'd gone over the line and lost it."
We're cleaned up now; we splash out of the water and stand on the hard sand, drying in the sun and wind. Hans strips the water off his arms, chest, and legs with his hands. I do the same. He steps behind me and squeezes the water from my hair, running his fingers through it. I tip my head back and enjoy the attention. He rests his hands lightly on my hips.
I turn to him and go on, "Señora continued to wear just a wrap of one kind or another, very loose -- very simple, and for her very sexy really -- but not one manevertouched her. I think somehow it just never occurred to them.
"And the respect she received eventually extended to us as well. The men started to be more courteous; even respectful. Feeling more safe, we became warmer in return."
"Did the respect rub off on you, or was it her presence and bearing that rubbed off?" asks Hans.
"I suppose just being around her, I started to learn her quiet confidence," I say.
"As time went on, I found myself emulating her. Like most women, I'd always worn a bra. But I could see that even with her large breasts, she never did, and I started to ask myself why I should either. I mean, look at me: a bra is pretty pointless on me anyway."
Hans smirks. "Hardly pointless -- in fact, you have two very lovely points right out front here." He tickles a nipple; I smack his hand with a smile. He makes a hurt face, then breaks into a grin.
"I also let my hair grow out like hers, and started wearing it loose like she did. In time, I started experimenting with wraps like the ones she wore, and found I really liked them, once I knew the customers would keep their hands to themselves. It's a very free and sexy feeling to be bare under a thin wrap."
We're dry now; we walk over to tidy up the fish racks and carry them over to the fire to smoke.
"Did she have a lover?" asks Hans.
"I don't know; she was a very private person." I pause. "I don't even know where she lived. When we were all finished in the evening, she would hand me the keys and just walk off into the night."
I pause, lost in my memories. "But she seemed close with the cook she hired a little while after she joined us. I think maybe she knew him from somewhere before."
The sun has dipped behind the bluff above; it's time to think about supper, then sleep. But there's one more part of the story still to tell.
"One evening we were cleaning up after closing. Señora had taken off her wrap, as she often did when the customers were gone -- I think she just liked the freedom; enjoyed the evening air on her skin. We were used to this by then, and didn't think much of it. Besides, even with no clothes on she somehow didn't seem naked, at least not in the way you usually think of it.
"I was sitting at the bar folding napkins and making setups for the morning. She came up behind me, put her hands on my shoulders and started to knead them. Her touch felt very warm, very relaxing.
"After a while, she said, 'Do you have a boyfriend, Señorita?'
"'No, Señora,' I said. 'I've had one or two, but not now.'
"'Not worth the trouble?'
"'Something like that, yes.'
"She removed the clasp from my hair and started laying my hair out on my shoulders, running her fingers through it, lost in thought, I guess, like I was. Then she said, 'There's a party at the last table by the sea. Have a walk over and see what we can serve them. The kitchen is closed, but we can maybe give them something from the bar.'
"She paused. 'And if they invite you to sit with them, go ahead. I'll finish up here.'
"I think you can guess what I found at that table: there were two women and four men. The women very much reminded me of Señora, and after I served them they did invite me to sit.
"I left my clothes on the sand later that night."

.


* * *


.

"Remembering or anticipating?" I ask Hans with the hint of a smile.
We're out in one of the canoes; he's pulling up crab traps to see if we'll have some extra guests for dinner tonight. Hans doesn't really need my help for this, but I like to spend time with the men as they go about their tasks.
Right now though, he may want to be careful to keep that big meaty thing of his away from the crabs.
"Remembering last night," he says.
"Yes, thatwaswild."
My sisters and two of the men returned yesterday from a visit to town, so we celebrated in the evening. I can only wonder what Paulo, the new man they brought back with them, must have thought.
We had a big fire; the men danced around it, stomping and shouting in unison, while we sisters drummed and clapped in rhythm. As the men got louder and wilder, it became a little eerie: like something ancient, from long before history. It gave me shivers but strangely aroused me at the same time.
The men would circle a sister, shouting and stomping and waving their spears. All at once, they would lunge toward her, making her jump and squeal.
When they came to me, one man dropped his spear, then took my hands and lifted me to my feet. He began running his fingertips over my arms, my face, my belly, my hips, and my thighs, while the others danced around me, shouting and stamping. Then one by one, the others dropped their tools and joined him in touching me.
"You men started touching me all over my body. Touching so lightly, but not tickling, and not trying to excite me in the usual places; just stroking slowly everywhere with your fingertips. It was an unbelievable feeling -- a dozen hands, a hundred fingers, all over my skin all at once. So much stimulation that my eyes rolled back and I lost the ability to think, the ability to do anything but feel and gasp and moan.
"Not one of you touched me on the nipples or between the legs, but I had a crashing orgasm anyway."
"You screamed and started to collapse," Hans says, smiling.
"Then you all lifted me up on your hands and started to toss me in the air, then spin me too, with my arms and legs outstretched and my hair flying. You tossed me up in the air again and again; I felt like I could fly to the stars above. I came again, up in the air.
"When you finally put me down, there weren't enough kisses in the world for all of you. But you were all pretty excited too -- two of you came in my hands as I kissed you.
Hans just smiles again as he hauls a trap over the side of the canoe; three nice-looking crabs are inside. He rattles the big wicker basket that sits between us to shake their friends down to the bottom. I lift the lid and he tosses the new crabs inside. He baits the trap again and puts it over the side.
"But you left after we kissed," I say. "I didn't get a chance to thank you properly."
"Some of us went to make sure your sisters didn't feel left out. Paulo and I spent the rest of the night with your cheetah sister. She was ready for some touching too. So were we."
But now I'm smoking hot from hearing that story of last night. My nipples are so hard you could cut glass with them, and I have that tingling feeling between my legs. I look over the basket; I've never seen Hans so hard.
"I think we should finish what we started last night," I say, a little breathless. I pick up the basket carefully and move it behind me.
Hans takes my hands and leans back against the mast; I move close to him and kneel between his legs. I lean forward, tilt my head up and kiss him; my breasts hang low and he takes them in his hands. I reach down to caress his inner thighs, and then I move up and in from there.
"Be careful," say Hans with a grin, or we'll both end up in the water, and we'll have to catch those all crabs again too."
"Shush," I say.

.

IV.
"The men who join us are all different: some stay with us for just a few hours, others for many months. They all find the life very demanding; it's hard physical work every day to feed and supply us."
A beautiful, naked young woman sits across from me. Her skin glows in the fading light; her long auburn hair twitches and lifts in the evening breeze. I found her and several handsome young men sitting quietly around me when I woke today from my midday siesta under the tree in my front garden.
It's a visit I've been expecting for some time. The woman and I sit outside watching the sun set.
She pauses, then continues. "The men need to work together to serve us sisters, and to do so without succumbing to the jealousy and infighting that would be fatal to us all. This is maybe even harder than the physical demands, but the men recognize how important it is. Those who find it within themselves to rise to these challenges stay with us longer; others tire and go back sooner.
"It's a very intense life; we know that few men can live it indefinitely. But the men are not slaves or prisoners; we accept and honor what a man is able to offer for as long as he wishes to give it."
"What about the sisters?" I ask.
"The sisters tend to stay somewhat longer than the men. Our work is not as physically demanding; it's mental and emotional work instead.
"The men organize themselves to feed and protect us; we sisters don't interfere in that. Instead, the sisters decide where we will live, when to move on, and how we will interact with the rest of the world."
"One does hear rumors about your 'interactions'," I say with a smile.
She smiles too. "Yes, I suppose so. But we're more circumspect about this now; we keep a lower profile when we go into town. In the early days, we tended toward orgies at the local cantinas; now we slip into town quietly, actually wearing clothing sometimes."
I chuckle at this.
She goes on, "But the sisters' most important task is maintaining harmony within the group. We need to do this carefully, subtly, with a light touch, like a feather."
"You're a matriarchy," I say, with a laugh. "And why not? The world has been practicing patriarchy for a long time, and the results are at best mixed. Maybe it's time for a change. Some of the North American native nations were matriarchies; the Iroquois, for example. Their experience was swept away and largely lost, though."
We sit quietly for a while, each lost in her thoughts.
"Young men are so full of energy, sexual and otherwise," I say. "They need something to test themselves against."
"Yes; in our life, the test is to feed and equip us. Fish, hunt, trap, forage, weave, make rope, build shelters and boats.
"The sexual energy we take care of in the obvious way, but it's not the burden you might think; the men adore and worship us, and it's very, very arousing to be desired by so many men you admire.
"Most importantly, as long as we take no favorites among the men, they can direct their energies to their real work, rather than to fighting among themselves, as they might if we gave them reason to become jealous. We also watch for the men having favorites among us.
"But all this aside, we find that those who do stay with us, both men and women, are people of goodwill, people who can work together. Some were already this way, others learn it as they live with us. The men learn to work together, and to value and honor women; to respect, please, and support them."
"And the sisters?" I ask. "What do they learn?"
She pauses a long time, collecting her thoughts.
"Strength, confidence -- even fearlessness. Leadership," she says.
"Rare lessons for women in our world," I say.
Then a thought comes to me, and I smile. "You sound like a boot camp for young people learning to live with each other."
She laughs, but then stops suddenly with a look of deep recognition. "Now that you say it out loud, it fits perfectly. Isolation from society, extreme physical and mental demands, learning new skills and outlooks, building confidence, teamwork. A boot camp, yes."
She pauses, and smiles broadly. "Then we unleash our recruits on an unsuspecting world." We both laugh.
The young men have joined us one by one as they finished their work cleaning up after dinner. They sit on the ground watching us, listening quietly.
I stand, stretch, and yawn. I breathe deeply; the scent of honeysuckle fills the air. I open a button at my neck, shrug my shoulders and slide my kaftan down over my hips to the ground. I tip my head back and shake out my hair. I hear gasps, and a low whistle. Under his breath, a man whispers, "Whoa, Mamacita!"
I walk over to a man with blond hair and sharp features. He looks up at me with huge eyes. I reach out my hand. "There's soft grass up the hill behind the house, and a lovely view of the sea. Will you join me, Sven?"
The moon is out now; the evening breeze is warm and soft on my skin. The man stands silently and with a quiet smile he takes my hand. "Sí, Mamá," he says.
We turn and walk into the dusk.

.


* * *


.

We've all heard of the goddesses of old: Artemis, Iris, Rhea, Aphrodite -- not to mention Odysseus' Calypso. We think we know them, but it's been a long time, literally thousands of years; who's to say now what the Greeks were really talking about?
And who among men has never looked up and seen a woman so graceful, so assured, so stunning as to take his breath away, even if just for a moment?
Perhaps there are special times and places, unique circumstances when ordinary young women find something hidden within them; something they didn't expect, but something that was always there, and that they recognize immediately. If you needed a name for this something, you might call it the goddess within.

.


* * *


.

Copyright 2024, department42.
Thanks to Omenainen, who read this story for me and offered their thoughts.