The lift pinged and came to a halt. Mike glanced up without breaking their kiss and saw it was the 10th floor. He gently manoeuvred Becca towards the doors as they opened, which was tricky as she seemed reluctant to take her hand out of his trousers where it was rubbing his cock.
'This is us, room 1015'. Finally extricating her hand Becca moved out of the lift and glancing at the sign opposite headed off to the left. Mike let her move ahead so he could admire her arse in the tight fitting dress, which was hiked well up her thighs from where just seconds earlier his hand had pushed it while his fingers stroked her pussy.
They were soon at the door to the room and Mike swiped the pass card. 'After you', he said pushing the door open. Becca grinned and moved past him with a deliberate wiggle. Knowing where his eyes would be. She paused as she looked around. The room was pretty impressive, a huge bed she noticed, (they'd be giving that a good pounding later she thought). The bathroom was pretty swish as well with a big walk in shower. She walked over to the large window and looked out . This high up they had commanding views over the city and the square below and as it was already dark it was lit up pretty impressively.
'Nice huh?' Mike moved up behind her and put his arms around his waist.
'It's alright' she said. Leaning back and enjoying the feel of his strong arms around her.
'I guess the view's OK'.
'It's better than OK,' Mike said, 'it's magnificent'.
She looked around at him and could see him looking over her shoulder and staring down at her tits.
'Like what you see do you?' knowing the answer from the feel of his cock pressing against her arse.
He moved his hands up from her waist and cupped her breasts, gently squeezing them. Then he moved his hands inside the fabric of her dress and eased it down, exposing her lacy white bra and firm tits.
'Oh yes' he said, stroking her tits and gently tweaking her now erect nipples. She sighed. Then suddenly looked up and out of the window.
'Hey. Do you realise you're showing the whole world my tits?'
His hands briefly paused in their movements then moved up her shoulder. He put his fingers under her bra straps and moved them down her arms, then sliding his fingers under her lacy cups he pushed those down. Exposing her breasts totally.
'Correction. Now, I'm showing the whole world your tits.'
Becca looked out of the window. They were higher than the other buildings nearby. Most of those looked like offices but there were only a couple of lit windows and no sign of anyone. A couple of other buildings across the square looked like hotels and there were more lights there. She could see some movement in them, was there anyone in there looking out? Did she care if there was?
Mike slid one hand from her tits and round to her back squeezing her arse. He then fiddled briefly with himself, presumably adjusting his cock she thought. His hand then moved to her leg and slid up her thigh. Mike was now kissing and nibbling on her neck, one hand was on her tits and the other between her legs. Was she OK letting him grope her right in front of the window? Given how wet her pussy was when his fingers got there and slowly stroked across her lips it seemed she was. He slid one finger inside her and she moaned. Fuck that felt good. She went to press back against him but instead Mike pushed down on her with his head and shoulder, gently bending her forward slightly. Then to her surprise she felt the thick head of his cock against her inner thighs. He must have slipped that out on the quiet! His finger came out of her and he guided his cock against her pussy. She looked out of the window again as she almost unconsciously moved her legs apart and leant further forward. His cock was at the entrance to her pussy. She waited in anticipation, wanting to feel him inside her again. Then she gasped as he slid into her, she was so wet that there was no resistance and he went in almost his full length in one go. 'Fuck yeah,' she heard him mutter.
She pushed back against him until he was fully in her and wiggled her hips, loving the sensation of his thick cock inside her cunt.
Mike looked down at the vision before him. Her dress was bunched over her hips exposing her firm arse which she wiggled against him in a rather pleasing manner. He could see her large but firm tits in the reflection in the window, her bra and dress pushed down beneath them. It was almost pointless her still having the dress on but he didn't want to stop to remove it, particularly when Becca leant forward to support herself on the window and looking him in the eye over her shoulder said, 'Fuck me Mike'.
Needing no further encouragement Mike started to thrust into her. The sight of her in the window, knowing that someone could look up into their room and see them was a big turn on and from the way she was responding Becca seemed to feel the same.
'Harder Mike, harder. Fuck me with that fat cock,' she moaned, pushing back hard against him in time to his thrusts. Unbelievably she could feel herself close to coming already. Mike's fingers in her pussy down in the bar, the feel of his cock in the lift and now the sensation as he pounded her right in front of the window were too much. Mike had both of his hands on her hips now, pulling her back as he pushed his cock deep insider her. Fuck he was close to cumming and they had barely started! But then he felt her pussy tense around his cock and her quiet moans got louder.
'Oh yes, fuck yes!' She was cumming! Mike redoubled his thrusts and just a few seconds later, as she was still moaning he came too. Filling her pussy with his cum as he pushed into her hard, then again and one final time.
'Christ that was good,' Becca said, wriggling against him.
'That's going to be difficult to top,' Mike said as he kissed her back.
'Hmmm, sounds like a challenge,' Becca said and she pulled herself off his still firm cock. She turned and looked Mike in the eyes as she knelt in front of him.
'I'm sure we can beat that,' she said as she opened her mouth and her tongue headed towards the end of his cock which was still dripping slightly with cum.