When we went to the bar that night, my wife was dressed to kill. She was in a tight, thin low-cut top, with a thin bra underneath. Her pierced nipples were clearly visible through the materials, and plenty of cleavage was on display. Her skirt barely covered her ass, which meant that any time she bent over, her smooth, bare cunt was plainly visible under crotchless panties. The dim light of the bar probably wasn't enough to see how wet her slit was, but from the right angle someone could certainly see the glint of her clit hood piercing.
The deal was this: she'd flash her cunt, letting anyone cop a feel that wanted to, and if it was someone we might want to take back to our hotel, I'd give her a sign. Then she'd turn her head and give them her best sexy smile, and we'd see what happened next.
Of course, my wife doesn't realize just how sexy she is; she didn't think she'd get a lot of attention. She was very surprised at just how quickly she was approached after we got there. We got a couple of drinks and sat down at a high top. My back was to the wall, and she was standing, leaning over the table, her ass pointing out into the bar. Eyes were on her from the moment we walked in, but once she bent over a couple of guys started to stare.
She had barely had a sip of her drink when she got a surprised expression on her face and I knew someone was taking advantage of her exposure. There were a couple of guys behind her - the place was pretty packed - so I couldn't tell exactly who it was. She was staring into my eyes, searching for a signal, but I had no signal to give. Instead I just sipped my drink and enjoyed watching her squirm.
It only lasted a moment, though it seemed longer, but soon the guys moved on. Where we were positioned there was a lot of foot traffic, people coming and going from the bar and the restrooms. I could tell she got a few "accidental" gropings from passers-by but only briefly.
Then suddenly she gasped, and I saw her hips move involuntarily. I looked behind her and saw a young guy, short, baby-faced - not her type. I shook my head slightly. That didn't mean he didn't get to take advantage of her position for a minute; later she would tell me he got two fingers inside her before he moved on. I wonder what he thought about later, jacking off as he reminisced about the slut that let him finger her out in the open without even needing to see his face.
The next punter was a tall black man; still not her type. Again I gave the tiniest shake of my head, and again she stayed where she was, letting him enjoy her freely-offered hole until he too moved on. At this point, she had finished her drink, so I went to the bar to get another. She turned around to face me, her back to the table, to protect her cunt while I wasn't there next to her. This also offered the side benefit of putting her gorgeous tits on display to the room, hard nipples pressing against her shirt, threatening to escape the low neckline.
When I got back, she told me about a couple of guys "accidentally" brushing up against her chest as they walked by, but none that interested her. We got back into position, and were halfway through our second round when she got her next serious contender. This guy was fairly subtle, his side to her backside, his arm appearing limp by his hip but actually running a fingertip along her slit.
He was tall, not my height, but probably at least six feet. He was white, middle-aged, reasonably fit; not bad for our purposes. Her eyes went wide for a moment as he slid his fingertip into her dripping opening. I gave her the slightest of nods, and she turned her head to face him, leaving her ass pressed into his hand, grinding her hips against him. He was looking at her from the corner of his eye, and when she looked at him, he looked back. She gave him that sexy smile, her full lips parting slightly, then she bit her bottom lip and stared him in the eye.
He smiled back, removed his finger from her, and brought it to his lips to taste her wetness. He smiled again, then as the line for the bar moved up, he moved with it. She looked back to me, and I shrugged - we knew it might take a few tries to find just the right guy. But, as luck would have it, the man returned a few minutes later, drink in hand, and walked right up to our table.
"Joe," he said, and reached out his hand to shake hers. She stifled a laugh as she shook his hand, the absurdity of such a greeting after he had been fingering her just a few minutes before catching her off guard.
"Lucy," she said, taking his hand.
He turned to me. "And you?"
"Angus," I said. Using a fake name always felt awkward to me, but it was a necessity. "Her husband."
He looked at her, then back at me, trying to figure out if I knew what had transpired.
"So... what brings you out here tonight?" he asked nervously.
"We're just out looking for a good time," I said, smiling. He got the drift, and relaxed a little.
"Aren't we all," he said. "I'm just here with a few friends myself." He nodded toward a group of guys a couple of tables over, just doing a round of shots.
"Just here to drink," my wife asked, "or are you on the prowl?"
"I don't know that I'm on the prowl, but if an opportunity presented itself, I can't say I'd turn it down."
"Why don't you introduce us to your friends?" I asked.
As the three of us made our way to their table, I wrapped my arm around my wife's waist and whispered in her ear. "Everything OK?"
"Yeah," she said, "nervous, but... yeah. What now? Get him to ditch his friends?"
"Let's just take it slow and see where it goes," I said, squeezing her ass as we got to the table.
The guys, clearly fairly drunk, cheered when their friend returned, and shoved a shot glass into his hand. He shrugged at "Lucy", smiled, and downed the shot.
"And who is this fine young specimen?" one of the guys slurred to Joe.
"This is Lucy..."
"Hi guys!" my wife interjected.
"... and her husband Angus."
"Hey, what're we drinking?" I asked, shaking the hand of the guy nearest me.
"Tequila!" they all cheered.
"Tequila it is," I said, and asked the nearest waitress for another round of shots.
Half an hour later we were feeling no pain, and my wife wanted to dance. She, Joe and I all headed for the dance floor, and a couple of the guys from the table, Ted and George - the only two not too drunk to dance without hurting themselves - came along as well.
The place was pretty packed, so there wasn't a lot of room to move. My wife was pressed pleasantly against me, grinding her ass into my hard cock, facing Joe. I let my hands trail up from her hips, up her sides, around to her full breasts. As my hands slid upward, I let them slide the skirt up a little with them, briefly revealing her cunt to anyone with a decent angle.
I lightly teased her nipples, and she ground against me harder in response. She was a bit tipsy, and she would occasionally steady herself by holding onto Joe's arm as she pressed into me. Joe, for his part, seemed happy to see what would happen next.
I didn't want him to be disappointed, so I quickly pulled at her top, allowing her tits to slip past the neck of her shirt, now hidden only by a thin, sheer bra. The material was light enough to see the color of her nipple piercings underneath. She started to bring her hands up to stop me, but Joe took her hands like he was just dancing with her. Meanwhile, the whole dance floor was getting an eyeful. I kept teasing her nipples, and soon one of her hands was behind her, squeezing my cock; the other was in front, squeezing Joe's.
I took her hips and turned her around, letting her feel Joe's hardness against her ass, so that I could admire the view of her tits. Ted and George had been looking for girls to dance with until they saw what was going on, then they quickly returned, boxing my wife in. That was fine by her, as her hands slid down their stomachs to their cocks, teasing them both as Joe kept his hands on her hips, pulling her into him.
I was feeling her perfect tits, and took the opportunity to pull one of her tits free from her bra, now completely out in the open. It was unlikely anyone would see past the four guys surrounding her, but it was still sexy knowing she was showing it all right there in the bar. Soon I had her other tit out, and things were getting really hot and heavy before security approached us and asked us to leave. I told the guy that was fine by us, and apologized for my wife's "drunken accident". My wife covered up and the five of us were escorted out.
As we stood on the sidewalk, the tension was palpable - none of the guys knew what to do now. "Sorry about the buzzkill there guys, didn't mean to get you cut off from the watering hole. We've got some booze at the hotel room, can we make it up to you?" I asked. My wife looked at me, shocked, not expecting me to invite all three of them up - but she didn't protest.
The guys were surprised as well, but it didn't take them long to recover and take us up on the offer. Soon we were back in our room, drinks flowing. My wife ducked into the restroom to "freshen up" - I had to give her credit for sticking to the plan despite the change in scale of our little adventure. A few minutes later she reappeared in a sheer black teddy that barely covered her ass, plainly wearing nothing underneath.
The conversation came to a screeching halt as four guys stared at her, open-mouthed, like hungry wolves spying a fresh kill. "So," she said, "where were we before we were so rudely interrupted?"
"Dancing, I believe," I said, breaking the stunned silence of the other guys. I put on the stereo, and my sexy wife started swaying to the music. The guys all set their drinks down and quickly she was surrounded again, taking turns giving each guy the pleasure of her firm ass against them, or her tits in their hands, or her hand on their cock. I'm not entirely sure how it happened, but before long the guys were losing shirts and pants, and all pretext of dancing fell away.
I led my wife to the bed and sat her on the edge, and soon she had two hard cocks to play with, and no clothes to get in her way. She alternated between them, lightly licking and sucking one as she stroked the other. I teased her dripping cunt with my fingers, making her moan as she took these stranger's cocks in her mouth.
We shifted further onto the bed, and I took my place between her legs, sliding easily into her dripping hole. The other guys didn't waste a moment, positioning themselves either side of her head, feeding her their cocks as I fucked her. The little slut was in heaven, moaning and coming. After a minute I got up and let Joe have a turn at her cunt, while I gave her the opportunity to lick my cock clean of her wetness.
Joe eventually moved aside when he was getting too close to coming, and let Ted have his turn; then it was George's turn to use her cunt. That was just the warm-up, though. I got up on the bed and laid down, and pulled my little slut on top of me. She impaled herself happily on my cock, and again was offered a cock to suck which she accepted happily.
I wrapped my arms around her back and held her fast, while holding her open and beckoning to the guys. "Go on, guys, you know this little slut can take more. Who's going to give it to her?"
Joe moved up between her legs, straddling mine, to get himself into position. "Ass or cunt, take your pick - I promise this little slut won't have a problem taking you either way," I said, and she moaned loud around the cock in her mouth. He looked down at her, my cock buried in her cunt, my hands firmly grasping her ass, making both of her holes available to him.
To my surprise, he went for her cunt, forcing himself into her alongside me. She felt incredibly tight, and she came immediately. It was all either of us could do not to come as her cunt spasmed around us. Once her orgasm passed, she began riding us, and Joe began properly fucking her. Before long she was swallowing Ted's load, as Joe deposited his own into her greedy cunt.
He moved out of the way, and George moved in behind her. He used the mess leaking from her cunt to lube her ass, and drove his cock in to the hilt, while I held her down so she couldn't move. After giving her a second to adjust, he started sliding in and out of her tight hole, picking up speed and force until he was pounding away at her ass, forcing her into orgasm after orgasm. He didn't last long, depositing his cum deep into her ass.
She caught her breath for a moment, then climbed off of me, legs trembling. She set to work cleaning the sticky mess of Joe's cum and hers that had leaked onto my cock, carefully licking every inch of me before taking my cock deep down her throat. The other three were sitting back, admiring her dripping, well-fucked holes as she worked.
I pushed her down onto her knees, and stroked my cock in front of her face. She waited, mouth open, though it didn't take me long to send what seemed like an endless stream of cum into her mouth, across her face, dripping onto her tits. She swallowed what landed on her tongue, and licked her lips. The guys were getting hard again at this point, and were ready for another round.
I took a breather myself, and watched as they proceeded to use her holes all over again, taking one hole each, then trading places, until each of her holes had another fresh load of cum deposited into it. Then they got dressed and left, my wife a sticky, panting, well-used mess of a slut, sprawled out on the bed, cum covering her flesh and dripping from her holes, on the edge of unconsciousness.
I helped her into the shower after getting a few good photos of the mess we'd made of her. We decided we'd definitely do this again.