I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read the previous chapters first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
*
Donna stood facing Mike her naked body pressed against his while Sarah stood beside Mike watching and listening. While she talked Donna intentionally allowed her naked body to rub against Mike.
My mom, Beth and I walked over and I stood on one side of Sarah while mom and Beth stood on the other side of her. I reached for Sarah's hand and she willingly allowed me to hold her hand. With all of us standing together we had a close up view of what Donna was doing. Donna looked into my eyes and she knew right away that I consented to what she had done so far and she could also tell from my eyes that I wanted her to continue.
Donna started by saying, "Mike, Sarah, there has been some things happening here today that has never happened before. I have a feeling that more activities will continue later today. Please don't think the previous activities or anything that may happen later today will be a normal routine because it isn't. Matt and I do not host wild parties or orgies here. As you've already heard, Matt and I have made love in many places but until today it's only been the two of us and no one else."
Looking at Mike and Sarah, Donna said, "I don't want to give you the wrong impression about nudists and sex. We love sex just as much as the next couple and we make love just like everyone else and normally nudists reserve those activities for private times."
She continued with, "Matt and I are nudists but we also have a streak of exhibitionism in us as well. That's part of the reason we made love in front of our moms. We really don't mind if others watch us have sex or make love. It really excites us sometimes and gives us a little extra thrill knowing that we are breaking the old time taboos. Some say nudism and exhibitionism is the same thing but we don't think so."
Donna looked at me, at Beth and Brenda and then back at Sarah and Mike before she said, "Matt and I make the distinction between nudism and exhibitionism by our actions. This is our property and we bought it because of its location and the privacy it offered us. We feel anyone who comes to our home and sees us nude or naked can look or stare at our bodies and we encourage them to do so. However, no one has ever come to our home until our mothers showed up to help me and both of you were the second ones to see us nude when you delivered pizza the first time. As you can see we have had limited exposure as well."
Continuing Donna said, "We consider exhibitionism would be something like leaving our home and this private property with the intention of showing our completely nude bodies or any part of it to unsuspecting people. As I've said, allowing others to see my nude body is a real turn on for me and Matt but I am not ready for public exposure."
Donna looked at mom and Beth and said, "Although you are seeing the completely nude bodies of my mom and Matt's mom, I have to tell you, until two weeks ago both of those ladies wouldn't even leave their room unless they were completely covered. They came here with the knowledge that we lived a nudist lifestyle and they would be expected to be nude. Both of them arrived with second thoughts of being nude in front of us. Now they are trying to figure out how to integrate their new found love for nudism into their lives when they return home.
Donna stopped and asked, "Do either of you have any questions about anything I've said so far?"
Sarah said, "It is excites me also to have all of you see me nude. I can't explain it but from the first moment I stepped out of Beth's room completely naked and walked into the kitchen and I saw Matt look at my bald pussy, I started to get wet and I didn't say anything because I thought I would upset everyone. All of us could see that Mike was excited and all of you still made us feel comfortable enough for us to do what we did a little while ago."
Donna smiled and said, "Let's move on to the next topic."
Donna explained to both of the young people her interpretation between having raw sex and making gentle passionate love to your partner.
Looking at Sarah, Donna reached down until she had Mike's hands in hers, then she raised his hands and placed them, one on each of her breasts. As Donna talked she also instructed Mike what she liked Matt to do to her breasts in preparation to their love making sessions.
As Mike fondled Donna's breasts paying additional attention to her sensitive nipples, Donna said, "Mike it's very important that you as the male take extra time to stimulate your female partner so she will be ready for you. Females take longer to get ready for sexual contact and it is up to you to make sure the love making is as enjoyable for her as it is for you."
As Mike continued to massage Donna's breasts while she talked, to her delight she could feel his cock coming back to life and start to swell between their bodies. Donna stepped back a little bit to allow Mike's cock point straight out in front of him. She looked down between them and said to Mike, "You have a very nice cock and if you take your time to stimulate your partner and learn self-control, both of you can have many hours of sexual pleasure."
Donna first looked at Sarah and asked, "Is it ok with you if I continue a little bit more? I assure you, I will not have sex with Mike."
Sarah was mesmerized by watching Mike with Donna and had let her free hand wander down her body and her finger was gently rubbing her clit unabashed. She looked straight into Donna's eyes and said, "Please teach us, we really want to learn more about everything."
To double check, Beth put her arm around Sarah and asked, "Are you ok with everything so far?"
Sarah looked over and Beth and said, "Yes, I'm in heaven right now and this is the first time any adult has taken the time to talk to me about sex, being nude or even being myself and I want to experience as much as I can while there are people willing to teach me."
Mike looked at Beth and said, "This is definitely a first for me to and if all of you are willing to share your knowledge with us, we want to learn as much as we can about everything. Today is a learning day and we are willing to do anything to learn more. We fully understand that we are not or will not be forced to do anything we don't feel comfortable with. I want to thank all of you for taking us under your wing and letting us experience all of this."
Sarah spoke up saying, "Mike is right, we understand it sometimes takes actions to learn, talking is one thing but doing is the better way of learning."
Donna smiled as she looked at me and I could tell by those crystal blue eyes that she had a plan. We exchanged a knowing look of approval before Donna made her next move.
With Mike's cock pointing straight at her, Donna intentionally parted her legs as she stepped forward until the bare skin of their hips were touching. Once she was in position Donna reached behind her leg until she found the tip of Mike's cock, she had lifted it slightly until it was firmly pressed against the outer lips of her pussy. She moved back and forth a few times until Mike's cock was nestled between her outer pussy lips and then Donna closed her legs trapping Mike's cock tightly in place. Mike's cock was close as a cock could get to a pussy without being in it. One small slip up and his cock would be inside Donna's pussy.
Donna always loved to feel Matt's cock nestled between her legs and now she had this stranger's cock nestled snuggly between her outer pussy lips. Making the whole situation even more of a turn on for Donna was the fact not only was her husband looking at her but so was Sarah, her mom and her mother-in-law watching every move she made. Donna could feel the juices start to leak out of her pussy onto Mike's cock making it slippery and she started to move back and forth slowly.
As Donna talked, she made eye contact with Sarah and Mike so she could gauge their understanding. Donna paused and asked Mike and Sarah, "I hope you don't feel that I am being to bold in saying all this while standing here with Mike's cock next to my pussy but I wanted to show Mike what I liked as well as explaining it to both of you."
Looking at Mike Donna asked, "How does it feel to have your cock this close to my pussy?"
Mike looked at Donna and said, "Donna you are so wet my cock is sliding so easily and I love how you are tightening your thigh muscles and squeezing my cock. I'm not fucking your pussy but this feels so wonderful I could cum if we went a little bit faster."
Donna looked at Sarah and then Mike before saying, "This is what I was talking about and I wanted to show you myself. Mike when you take the time to excite your partner, she will get as wet as I am now and both of you will enjoy the love making session."
Sarah asked, "So it's not necessary to have Mike's cock in me to enjoy a form of sex but not really sex."
Donna explained, "I love to have Matt spoon up against me at night and put his cock between my legs which would be reversed from the way you are now, in the morning when we wake up and Matt has his morning wood, the feeling of it pressing against my pussy is marvelous."
Sarah looked down between Mike and Donna and each time they moved their hips backwards she was able to see the shiny liquid which had leaked from Donna's pussy, on Mike's cock. Sarah, for some reason, didn't feel threatened by Donna's position in front of Mike it was like Donna had been their friend for years.
I turned towards Sarah and without saying a word to anyone, I got down on my knees and with my hands on her hips I turned Sarah slightly, then helped her part her legs before I leaned forward and licked her clit. A shiver traveled through Sarah's body and when I licked her clit the second time, she moaned softly but loud enough for everyone to hear. Suddenly she voluntarily parted her feet giving me more access to her clit. Sarah put her hands on the back of my head and pulled my face closer to her bald pussy. The aroma of her female juices, were overwhelming. I reached up and parted her pussy lips with my fingers so I'd have full access to it and her clit.
My mom and Beth were both slightly behind Sarah now but they could clearly see what was happening in front of them. I could see out of the corner of my eye both of them had parted their legs and were openly rubbing their clits. Almost everyone was receiving some kind of enjoyment, even if it was self induced.
Donna answered a couple of questions from Sarah and then looked at both Mike and Sarah saying, "Mike I want you to know that you are the first male besides Matt to ever play with my naked breasts and have his cock this close to my pussy. Matt and I are solid in our relationship so neither of us have any reason to be jealous of one another. Please always remember that jealously on either of your parts will ruin your relationship.
Donna looked down between her body and Mike's body then back up to look at Mike and Sarah before saying, "For some unexplainable reason Mike, it feels right to allow your cock to be so close to my pussy but not in my pussy. I want you and Sarah to know that you are welcome here anytime you want to come out here." Donna added, "Please don't think that we do this sort of thing all the time but we will always be ready to answer any questions you may have."
After making the last statement Donna looked at Sarah and Mike asking, "Sarah, do you want to take care of Mike?"
Sarah with a new found boldness said, "Mike do you want to fuck me right here in front of all of our new friends or do you want to cum between Donna's legs?"
Mike never said a word as he stepped back from Donna pulling his cock out from between her legs and turning towards Sarah. I continued to lick and suck on Sarah's clit until she stepped back and turned towards Mike. They stepped towards each other with open arms, embracing, and passionately kissing each other. Their hands roamed over each other's body as the rest of us watched. It was exciting to watch the young couple really explore each other's body.
My cock was rock hard again from watching everything that had happened and everything currently happening. Beth looked at my cock and then at Donna and asked, "Honey, do you mind if I take care of Matt since you aren't supposed to have sex for six weeks after having the baby?"
Donna looked at me with those crystal blue eyes and silently acknowledging our private conversation before looking at my mom and finally back to Beth before saying, "Mom, if you want to make love to Matt, then both of you will have to make love to Matt because we are not going to show any partiality."
While my mom and Beth exchanged looks at each other and quietly consenting to share me between the two of them, both of them looked at me to see my reaction. I stood there with Donna stroking my cock and smiled first at my mom and then at Beth showing that if they were willing to share, then I was willing to be shared.
Meanwhile Mike had lain down on some of the cushions which were off to the side of the pool. Sarah was laying half on top of him and half off to his side. They were locked in a very passionate kiss as their hands continued to explore each other. As we watched, Sarah got up and moved into the sixty-nine position while her lovely bald pussy and tiny little asshole pointed towards us. Once she was in position Mike pulled Sarah's bottom down towards his face and he attacked her clit. We watched as Mike tried to keep Sarah's clit between his lips as she wiggled her butt every time Mike licked across her clit.
After watching for a few minutes, I said to Mike, "Suck her clit into your mouth and catch it between your teeth and gently hold it while you massage the end of it with your tongue, it will drive her crazy."
While I was coaching Mike, my mom asked Donna, "Are you absolutely sure about us making love to Matt?"
Donna looked at both of them before saying, "Matt told me about your conversations while I was in the hospital. I didn't know that my dad and his dad were too busy to take care of their homework and from what Matt told me, both of them had basically stopped making love to each of you. I want both of you to understand that if you make love to my husband, it will be because I am sharing him with each of you and it doesn't have anything to do with our nudist lifestyle."
My mom looked at Beth and said, "If you want to make love to Matt, I will make love to him as well because I agree with Donna, we have developed a relationship between the four of us that is much closer than other young couples have with their mothers. Even though Matt is my son and it isn't socially acceptable to make love to him, I feel we can keep this secret between our little group and no one else has to know. So, I'll welcome the chance to have him make love to me."
All of us were standing close to Mike and Sarah watching them and both seemed to be more turned on knowing they were being watched. Sarah's orgasm caused her young body to shake and vibrate as she gasped for air at the same time screaming in ecstasy. Mike held her firmly on his face as he continued to manipulate his tongue across Sarah's sensitive clit. Sarah begged Mike to stop but that was before a third and forth orgasm spread through her tender young body causing her to spasm wildly. Only then did Mike release Sarah's clit and lay his head back on the cushion allowing Sarah to fall forward on Mike.
Sarah's body lay limply atop Mike's body trying to recover from the multiple orgasms she had experienced for the first time in her life. Her legs were spread wide on either side of Mike's head and open far enough so all of us were treated to the wonderful view of Sarah's open and slightly red pussy, dripping her juices onto Mike's body. My cock reacted to such a wonderful view and as I looked at mom, Beth and Donna I saw that all three of them were looking at Sarah's pussy just like I was.
Mike looked over to see us and smiled knowing that he had done something to Sarah which he'd never done before today. I think there was a twinkle in his eye as he looked at Donna with a silent thank you for your help kind of look.
Soon Sarah shuffled around and got up on her knees and all of us could see that Mike's cock was still hard and pointing skyward. Sarah looked at us and smiled as she positioned her pussy over the top of Mike's cock and rubbed it the length of her slit a couple of times before she moved it into position and slowly slid downward taking Mike's cock into her body. I loved seeing Sarah's bald pussy take the length of Mike's cock only to rise up and sink back down slowly. Sarah never lost eye contact with us as we watched her move slowly. We could see the shiny juice that coated Mike's cock every time she raised herself up. Her motions were intentionally slow giving such a wonderful view.
Beth moved down to her knees in front of me. Donna had been stroking my cock and when her mom was in position, she moved my cock so it was lined up with her mother's mouth. Beth opened her mouth and reached behind me to grip my ass cheeks and pull me forward. I felt so strange to have my wife holding and stroking my cock and my mother-in-law sucking the end of my cock. Soon Donna let go of my cock and her mom took over giving my cock a wonderful sucking. She deep throated my cock just like her daughter has done many times before.
I didn't want to cum yet and after about ten minutes I said, "Beth, I want to do something for you, let's move over to those other cushions by Mike and Sarah."
I helped Beth stand up and we walked over to the cushions. After I pushed them forward a little I told Beth, "I want you to lie down and spread your legs."
Beth followed my instruction and as she was doing that, I noticed that Donna had gone into the house. Donna returned saying, "The baby is still sleeping."
She went over to the table and picked up two chairs and brought them over near the cushions. She set both of them down and said to my mom, "Let's get comfortable, there's a lot of love going on here today and I want to have the best seat in the house to watch it."
My mom smiled and sat down in the other chair saying, "I never would have believed all this if I wasn't here to see it. I think it is so wonderful of you, to share your husband with us."
Donna smiled and reached over to hold my mom's hand. They joined hands then Donna said loudly enough for all of us to hear, "I love Matt so much and I know he loves me, we are secure in our relationship and I know that by sharing him with both of you, in some funny way, it will only strengthen our love for each other. We have talked about this and both of us agree that we have formed an unbreakable bond between the four of us. We never expected this to happen either but it is and we are ready to accept it."
My mom leaned forward toward Donna and Donna realized what she was doing so she to leaned forward and both women embraced in an intimate hug which lasted at least thirty seconds, maybe longer. When they leaned back in their chairs they could view on the right, Sarah still slowly rising and falling on Mike's cock and on the left, I was face first into Beth soaking wet pussy and enjoying every minute of it. I loved the idea of Beth's pussy being beside Mike's head so all he had to do was turn his head and see me and my tongue steadily licking or sucking Beth's clit. The thought of someone watching me made my cock harder, if that was at all possible.
Beth bucked her hips up and down and like in a rodeo I stayed with her as she screamed out her orgasms one after another. Beth pulled the hair on the back of my head so hard it began to hurt and I wondered to myself if I would have any hair left when this was over. When Beth finally begged me to stop because her clit became too sensitive, I finally looked up into her glowing face to see an expression of pure lust. I didn't waste any time moving up on my knees between Beth's legs and allowing my cock to bounce off her bare pussy lips. I looked up at my wife and said, "If you truly want to share me with your mom, I want you to come down here and line my cock up with her pussy and hold it until I am inside her."
Donna was on her feet instantly and moving towards us. Once she was in the kneeling position beside us she reached for my cock without any hesitation and pulled it towards the opening of her mother's pussy. Donna looked at me and me at her and with those crystal blue eyes she let me know that she wanted me to fuck her mom. I looked around just before I leaned forward and saw that all eyes were looking at the juncture between Beth's legs. With one last look at Donna I leaned forward and about one inch of my cock entered Beth.
Sarah had stopped moving and was now sitting on Mike with his cock buried deep inside her, both were watching as I entered my mother-in-law Beth for the first time.
I leaned forward a little more and with about 2 inches of my cock inside her, Beth screamed, "PLEASE don't tease me anymore I want Matt's cock all the way in my NOW!"
Donna released my cock and I fell forward until my cock was buried to the hilt inside my mother-in-law. Beth gave a huge sigh of relief when my cock hit bottom and Donna leaned in to kiss me passionately as I marveled to myself at how tight her mother was. I drew my hips backwards and immediately Beth had her hands on my ass pulling me forward again. I stayed on my knees and reached under Beth and lifted her ass off the cushions so everyone could see me fucking her. My cock slid into Beth's tight pussy and then I felt something I had never felt before, Beth used her pussy muscles to grip my cock and when I tried to pull backwards her muscles made it really tough to do. Once I was out with only the head of my cock still in her, she relaxed her muscles until I was inside her again. I was very impressed but didn't say anything and when I looked at Beth she smiled a knowing smile at me.
I looked at Donna on one side of me and then at Sarah and Mike on the over side of me and this was a fantasy come true. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that I would be fucking my mother-in-law with my wife's help while three other people watched me and one of those people was my mom. I thought to myself, how fucking amazing is that?
I let go of Beth's ass cheek with one hand and reached for Donna's hand. After I made contact with her, I pulled her hand towards the middle of her mom's legs and then stretched out her middle finger and placed it on Beth's clit. Both Beth and Donna looked at me questioningly and I said, "Honey, help me give your mom some pleasure, rub her clit while I fuck her."
Donna dipped her finger into her mom's pussy juice and then started making small circles around her clit before she rubbed the top of the little protruding nub.
I looked at Mike as he started to shift his body and then saw Sarah stand up and move until she lay down on the cushion beside Beth and me. Sarah spread her legs just like Beth and as Mike moved up between her legs, he reached under Sarah and picked her hips up so we could see what he was doing.
Like a flash, my mom got out of her chair and moved to the opposite side of Mike and Sarah. Once she was kneeling next to them she reached out and to hold of Mike's cock. Both of them looked at my mom as she smiled and moved her hand up and down a few times before she moved Mike's cock so it was in line with Sarah's pussy. Quietly she asked Sarah, "Do you mind if I suck his cock for a few minutes before he fucks you?"
Sarah looked up at Mike and then back to my mom's face before saying, "Today I've learned about sharing, giving and receiving and today I've received more pleasure than I've ever had in my whole life with all of you here. I don't mind if you suck his cock as long as Mike doesn't mind."
All of us looked at Mike as he smiled broadly and said, "How can I possibly turn down a blow job from such a lovely lady especially after all that you people have done for us today?"
After hearing that, mom started to bend over and Sarah started to move back but mom told her, "Sarah stay where you are, I have a surprise for you to."
Sarah moved back down and spread her legs again as we watched my mom lean forward and down to take Mike's cock in her mouth. Mom's head bobbed back and forth on Mike's cock, finally Mike said, "If you don't stop that, I can going to cum in your mouth."
My mom didn't stop; she picked up speed and pumped Mike's cock as she sucked. Mike reached out and held the back of mom's head and started to moan. His moans became louder until he said, "Here it cums as he began to shoot into my mom's sucking mouth." Mom swallowed every drop of his cum. Before she finished, she cleaned his cock thoroughly by licking all the remaining cum off his shaft. When she was done she sat up on her knees.
Mom wiped her lips to make sure she had collected all of Mike's cum and then smiled at Sarah. She asked Sarah again, "Do you mind if I do something else that I've wanted to try for a very long time?"
Sarah looked at her a little confused but said, "Yes, I guess so. What else do you want to do with Mike?"
My mom asked Mike to move off to the side and surprisingly my mom moved into the place where Mike had just been. Cautiously mom leaned forward and sniffed Sarah's pussy and then she extended her tongue and timidly licked up some of Sarah's juices. Mom reached up and used her fingers to open Sarah's pussy and extended her tongue once again and buried it inside Sarah. We could see by the movement of her jaw and cheeks that she was licking Sarah's pussy juice into her mouth. After a few minutes, mom sat up on her knees and leaned forward and touched her lips to Sarah's. Sarah willingly parted her lips and my mom passionately kissed Sarah. Watching them kiss we could tell that both mom and Sarah were using their tongues. The kiss lasted a couple of minutes before my mom once again kneeled upright between Sarah's legs.
In a very quiet voice mom said, "Ever since I was in college some of the other girls fooled around with each other, I have always wondered what it would be like to lick another girl's pussy and then kiss her."
Sarah reached out for my mom and brought her back down and again and they locked their lips in another passionate kiss. When the second kiss ended, Sarah said something to my mom that none of us could hear. Within seconds we knew what she said when we watched my mom turn herself around and position herself with one leg on either side of Sarah's head. Without any further conversation Sarah pulled my mom's pussy to her mouth and my mom dipped her head to make contact with Sarah's pussy.
Mike looked at us and we looked at him and then all of us went back to watching my mom and Sarah lick and suck each other.
Unknowingly I had picked up my tempo and was now fucking Beth like she was the last lady on earth. There were moans coming from both sets of cushions.
Watching my mom and feeling the tight pussy of Beth didn't take me long before I felt the urge to cum. I looked at Beth and said, "I am going to cum soon, do you want me to pull out?"
Beth said between moans and gasps, "Don't you dare pull out, I want to feel your cum splashing inside me. I am safe so don't worry, let me feel you finish inside my pussy!"
I looked at Donna and said, "Honey I love you so much, I can't fit into words."
All of a sudden I felt my sperm moving and I just had time to say, "Oh GOD Beth, I am going to fill your pussy - NOW!" I pumped and groaned as Beth screamed out her orgasm at the same time I filled her full. Our combined juices started squishing and spilling out of her every time I pushed my cock into her.
Suddenly off to our side both my mom and Sarah were moaning and both were pumping their hips up and down. The moaning got louder and louder as both of them reached the peak of their orgasms. We watched both women quiver in the afterglow. Finally my mom was able to move and when she did, she turned around and once again passionately embraced Sarah as they kissed.
Mike was watching his girl friend and my mom as he stroked his hard cock. Donna looked at me before she stood up and walked over to where Mike was kneeling. She told Mike to lie down on his back. Beth and I watched as Donna kneeled and took Mike's cock in her hand before she leaned down and opened her mouth. Donna knows how to deep throat my cock and I watched as she took the length of Mike into her mouth and down her throat. We could tell by the look on Mike's face that he was not only impressed with the way Donna was sucking his cock but we could tell he was in heaven.
It didn't take long before he was saying, "I'm gonna cum." By now he knew that Donna was going to swallow so he put his hand on the back of her head and continued to fuck Donna's mouth. Soon he was shooting his load in her mouth. Donna cleaned up his cock before she finished and moved up Mike's body to give him a kiss. What Mike didn't know was that Donna had saved some of his cum and when she kissed him, she delivered his cum to him on her tongue. We could see Mike try to pull back but Donna held the back of Mike's head so he couldn't. I knew what Donna was doing because she had done that to me on many occasions.
Once Donna released Mike's head he sputtered, "That was my cum on your tongue!"
Donna looked at him and smiled before saying, "Yes Mike, that was your cum, it came out of you and even though I swallowed most of it, I saved some for you because you have to learn to share with your partner." Donna went on to say, "When you share everything with your partner then you will learn everything about your partner just like I know everything about Matt."
Mike looked at me questioningly and without him saying anything I said, "Yes Mike, Donna has delivered my cum to me, on her tongue, many times. The first time she did it, like you, she reminded me that she had swallowed most of it but wanted me to share with her. She still does it to me so I knew what she was doing to you."
The other three women broke out laughing and there was a chorus of, "I never thought of that before" ringing through the air. I smiled and asked, "Is anyone ready for a beer?"
Once again there was a resounding "YES" that filled the air.
As each of us stood up we realized that we were sweaty from all the activity, so one by one, we walked down the steps into the pool to rinse off before sitting down for a cool drink. All of us navigated into a close circle because we had shared so much together, no one felt the need to stay apart.
As we got out of the pool each of us dried off and I went to get the cold beer and Donna went to check on the baby. As I picked up the tray with the beer on it, Donna came out with the baby in her arms. I set the tray down and fixed a bottle for the baby. When I finished I picked up the tray and both of us walked out on the patio towards the table.
As I set a beer down in front of each person already seated, not surprising, I looked around at mom, Beth, Sarah and Mike and noticed that each one of them were sitting with their knees spread as wide as the chairs allowed them to do so. I marveled at how well Mike and Sarah had adapted to our lifestyle.
I sat down on the other side of Sarah and Donna sat down on my other side. I held up my beer and made a toast to - new friendships. All of us took a drink and then Mike held up his bottle and made a toast to - long-lasting friendships. Once again all of us took a drink. Beth was next to hold up her bottle and make a toast to - thank God for hard cocks willing to fuck - and all of us broke out laughing before taking a drink.
It was silent around the table for a few minutes before my mom raised her bottle to make a toast to - family, friends and I want somebody's cock soon - again all of us laughed before taking a drink.
I looked at my mom and said, "I will see what I can do to help you out."
Mike looked at my mom and said, "I've been drained for the first time in my life but I am sure something will happen again in a short while if I keep looking at all this wonderful pussy sitting here on display."
I looked down to my right, to see Sarah's bald pussy and her little clit was protruding at the top of her slit, what a wonderful view it was. I looked around at the rest of the females and had to admit Mike was right, there was a variety of pussy sitting around the table spread wide open and only two cocks.
I looked at Mike and Sarah and said, "I don't want you to get the wrong impression after what happened here today. Normally Donna and I are nude and this is the first time we have had sex or made love to anyone other than each other."
Donna jumped in saying, "I'm not sure why I felt compelled to do things with Mike but I have no regrets about anything I've done today and I hope that our new friendship hasn't been harmed in any way."
Sarah was fast to reply saying, "When we came here today, I thought we would see all of you nude again and that would be the end of it. However, I have no regrets about anything that happened today and I want it to continue doing whatever you want to do, if all of you feel the same way. I've learned so much here today and I am so very comfortable being naked around all of you. I still don't feel pressured to have sex or to make love but yet I sit here well fucked and completely satisfied."
Mike was next saying, "Never in my life would I even dream about what happened today. I to have learned so much from all of you and if you want me I am sure Sarah will share me with anyone of you just like I am willing to share Sarah with all of you."
Donna looked at all of us and said, "As much as I would like to be in on the action, my pussy is out of commission for a while longer, as far as fucking goes. I can suck and be licked but can't take a stiff one until my doctor says I can."
My mom spoke next saying, "Sarah, I want to thank you so much for allowing me the huge pleasure of having sex with another female. That is an experience that I have longed to try but until today it has gone unfulfilled. If you ever want to do that again, please let me know because your pussy was the first one I've ever had the pleasure of tasting and I hope it won't be the last time. Also, since Matt included me with Beth in the making love agreement with Donna, I can't wait until you can get hard again so I can take a test drive on your manhood."
Mom's last statement made all of us laugh and I assured her she would get her ride at the next opportunity.
After mom finished speaking I moved one of my hands to Donna's pussy and the other to Sarah's pussy. I inserted my middle finger of each hand into them and slowly finger fucked them.
Mike looked down and saw what I was doing and got up from his chair and asked Beth to switch chair with him. While Beth was getting seated, Mike reached a hand into my mom's lap and inserted his middle finger into her. Once Beth was settled and spread wide again, Mike reached over and inserted his middle finger into her. Then it became a battle of hands between Beth and my mom to see who was going to have their hand stroking Mike's cock. We watched the momentary battle until Beth stroked him and mom held onto the head of his cock.
There was no fight on my side of the table since Donna was feeding the baby and only Sarah's hand was holding my cock and slowly stroking it up and down.
Beth spoke next saying, "I have never had sex or made love to anyone but my husband, that is, until today. Donna I want to wholeheartedly thank you for sharing your husband with me. I always loved you as my child but after today, you are the woman who has changed my life forever. You have given me a special gift which I feel will forever remain unmatched." Beth started to tear up and although Mike and Beth had not known each other for very long, Mike moved closer to Beth so he could take her in his arms and comfort her. Beth said while looking at Donna, "I've never felt so much love and admiration for anyone as I do for you.
I looked at Donna and she was a bit misty eyed by what her mom had just said. Donna looked at her mom and said, "Mom, thank you for saying that but I've always loved you to and lord knows we haven't always agreed on everything but I want you to know that I will share what I have with you to make sure you have a smile of your beautiful face every day."
Donna noticed that the baby went back to sleep so she got up and went into the house to put the baby back in her crib.
When Donna returned from the house, I asked her if she was interested in cooking or ordering our food for dinner.
Donna smiled and said, "I think we should order our food so we can be lazy and lounge around naked and wait to be served."
Once again, like college kids we all laughed however Donna's statement sparked a lively conversation about what we should eat.
Mike said, "There's a Chinese place in town that has wonderful food and they have a delivery service to."
Sarah jumped in saying, "Yes they have great food because Mike and I eat there a lot."
I looked at Mike and then Sarah and asked, "Would you like to stay for dinner?"
Mike said, "We don't want to impose on all of you."
Donna smiled at Mike and said, "Mike, you and Sarah will never be imposing on us. As we've said before, for some reason both of you seem to fit right in here and we welcome both of you with open arms."
Both Mike and Sarah thanked Donna for her kind words and thanked her again for making them feel welcomed.
Another short debate started about what we were going to eat and by a majority vote we settled on Chinese food from the place Mike and Sarah recommended.
Beth spoke up saying, "Since we are going to order Chinese food, I think Mike and Sarah should have the privilege of answering the door and taking the food order."
Sarah gasped and looked at Mike asking, "Mike, what will we do if Sam is delivering tonight?"
Mike grinned at Sarah and said, "Honey, I guess he will see all of you and all of me but I am sure he will be more interested in seeing all of you."
Mom spoke up and asked Sarah, "Who is Sam?"
Sarah replied, "Sam went to school with us before we graduated and he had a crush on me and wanted to be my boyfriend but I wanted Mike. When he was trying to convince me to go with him, he kept trying to feel me up every time he got close to me. He would grab my breasts through my blouse and a few times he put his hand between my legs and squeezed my pussy. Mike had to threaten him with bodily harm if he didn't stop pestering me and feeling me up."
Mom said, "Honey if you don't want to answer the door with Mike, I will answer the door with Mike and I'm sure we can enlist a couple more volunteers who are sitting here."
Beth spoke up, "I would love to answer the door with Mike and hold his cock while Brenda takes the food. I am sure Sam would be more than a bit jealous to see Mike surrounded by nude females."
Donna showed her excitement and said, "That would really be a payback to someone like him, I'm in on the plan if that's what you want."
I quickly weighted in with, "An even more evil plan would be for Sarah and I to be standing back by the counter and just before you closed the door, all of you step aside and let Sam see me standing behind Sarah with Sarah standing profile to the door. That way Sam could see Sarah is naked but he wouldn't see any parts of her. Not only that I would be the stranger standing behind her naked butt."
Sarah smiled at that plan and both her and Mike talked excitedly about how wonderful it would be to execute a payback of this magnitude.
It was settled we were going to order and eat Chinese food tonight and hope that Sam was the delivery person.
With our plan in place, I asked if anyone wanted to get in the pool. Everyone jumped and ran towards the pool. We were like college kids out partying. Almost anything goes.
I know I couldn't wait for Sam to arrive because I had a small plan of my own brewing. I had to check it out privately first with Donna and then with Sarah if Donna agreed with me. My cock started getting hard already, thinking about what I might be able to do to Sarah.
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.