The first time I saw my new neighbors they were sunbathing together by their pool. I could hear voices and laughter. I use to resent the way sound traveled so easily from the yard next door up to my window. The previous owners were an older couple who often sat outside by the pool and jabbered and complained about everything under the sun. Even with the window shut tight I'd have to leave my own bedroom to avoid their annoying voices.
Now, with my three sexy new neighbors, I wanted nothing more than to leave my window open and let the breeze flow in, sit in my favorite chair, and listen to everything they said just like they were right here in my room sitting next to me. Music drifted up and then more laughter and a girlish voice.
"Mom, stop it. The man next door will see me."
"Oh honey, don't be silly. He's not even home. The real estate agent said he travels a lot and is hardly ever around. Besides, I'm sure he wouldn't be interested in your little titties."
"That's not what I mean, Mom. Plus, gross! I just don't like being naked where everyone can see. Even if there's no one to see."
Then I heard a third voice. Amber, the older daughter.
"That doesn't make any sense, Megan."
"Like you would know! You're as pervy as mom."
"There's nothing bad about laying out by your own pool in your own backyard. Plus, mom didn't say get naked, she just suggested you pull your top down and let your nips get some sun. Who cares if some guy is watching. That's his problem."
"Exactly," the mother said. "This is our house now. This is our pool and we'll do as we please."
"Okay, I'm outta here," Megan said.
So far, I had only a very limited amount of information on my new neighbors. About two weeks ago I managed to run into the real estate lady as she was taking down the for sale sign. I made the usual pretense of being concerned about noise and having good neighbors, but all she would tell me is that they were a very nice family, great credit (the sale went right through!), a divorced mother and her two teenage daughters, one eighteen and a senior in high school and the other nineteen and a freshman in college.
I stood up and looked out the window just in time to see Megan get up and strut around the pool, glancing up at my window with a sexy pout and a smirk on her face as she went, her little bottom encased in a skin-tight, one-piece, purple swimsuit. I was startled. Could she have seen me? And why was she smirking?
I felt a little guilty watching her through the blinds like I did what with my cock all stiff inside my pants. Still, she is eighteen, I reasoned. She may not look it but she is of legal age. She can vote and join the army, for example. Or, if she wanted, pose nude for magazines and internet webcams. Take selfies in her little bra and panties and post them to Facebook. Undress in her second floor bedroom directly across the way from my bedroom. Maybe stand at her window and pinch her nipples and rub her bald pussy while I stand not thirty feet away, watching her and stroking my cock until I squirt my cum in white streaming ribbons out the open window and onto the grass below.
Or maybe not. Anyway, I was thinking all those things could happen and, you know, it would be totally cool because she's eighteen now and I could never be considered out of line for thinking about her tight little body in such a blatantly sexual manner. It's not like anyone would blame me for thinking such thoughts. Megan could be a runway model if she chose: tall and lean with long wavy auburn hair, full pink lips, extra long athletic legs, and the tightest, firmest little bottom you could imagine. She would be perfect if only she weren't so uptight about exposing herself, peeling her swimsuit down like her Mom suggested, and sunbathing topless.
Danielle and Amber, however, had no such inhibitions. Danielle, the mother, I estimated to be in her late thirties, and really just an older, filled out and voluptuous version of Megan. Amber, on the other hand, is a real life vision of my fantasy dream girl, straight blonde hair down to the middle of her back, full lips and a beautiful smile, and her tiny waist made the rest of her body seem even more curvaceous. She had a little sparkle at the corner of her mouth just above her lip. It must be a piercing of some kind and it made her seem just a little more dangerous and dirty sexy.
They were both stretched out and topless, their respective red and pink bikini tops strewn on the coffee table between the matching linen fabric chaise lounge chairs. From my vantage point I could see Danielle rubbing lotion into her gorgeous 34D breasts.
"Look Amber, our tits practically match. I think mine are still pretty perky. Look how high my points are, they stick straight out. What do you think?"
"I see them," Amber laughed. "You've always had great tits, Mom. You need to lose the tan lines though."
"That's what I'm doing, sweetie. I just don't want to get burned. Summer's just getting started."
With that she squirted another white glob of lotion on each breast and started rubbing it in, carefully giving extra attention to her nipples. She cupped her breasts, kneading them, holding them and admiring them, so pretty and so pink, the nipples now so hard and erect.
I sat back down into my chair. If this is what summer is going to be like my cock is going to get every day workouts, I smiled to myself. I was in a daze. My head felt like it was filled with cotton. What kind of luck was this for an aspiring voyeur to have these sexy girls for my new neighbors!
I've been living alone for a several years now and have developed a regular ritual when I masturbate. It's always either in my bedroom or on the couch downstairs in my living room, wherever the sunlight is the most intense. I love the sun shining in on me. In the mornings it's my couch, but afternoons it's the plush cocoa-colored chair in my bedroom. I like to lay out a soft white towel, fold it over once and place it on the cushion, strip naked from the waist down, and bask in the sunlight. In my bedroom the sun streams in through the slats of the blinds in alternating strips of light and shade.
Sometimes I'll wear a white dress shirt and strategically cover my cock with the shirt tails, playing with my penis underneath, gently rubbing the head until it starts to harden. I like a mix of lubricants, equal parts lotion, conditioner and baby oil, which helps turn my hands into a warm and welcoming pussy. When I start to get an erection I'll unbutton my shirt until I'm completely exposed, my hard cock glistening in the sun. I love how the head of my penis turns purple and glistens and shines in the sun.
So there I was, hand fucking my beautiful cock, moaning to myself, coaxing the shaft to get still harder in my hand, thrusting and stroking with one hand and poking the head into the palm of my other hand. My climax was building, nearing that intense point of no return, that point where I'll sometimes get too verbal, calling out to my cock, fucking myself with a fury, demanding the spray of hot sperm to show itself. Here I was now on the verge of exhilaration, of white cream and silvery shudders, when the voices of my questioning neighbors put the brakes on my frenzy.
"Did you hear that?" Amber said, "I think I heard something," she whispered.
She couldn't know I could hear her whispering as clear as if she were speaking to me. In a way, I think she was.
"What? Did my phone ring? I think it's in my purse somewhere."
"No, Mom. From next door. I think up at that window."
"I didn't hear anything, Amber. Like I told Megan, no one is home over there. Now stop trying to kill the mood. It's so nice out here. Let's just relax and enjoy the sun."
"Well, I hope not, I hope he's not up there watching me, cause I want to get naked and work on my panty lines," Amber said.
She emphasized the word 'naked' almost like she wanted me to understand that getting naked was exactly her intention.
"Go ahead and do what you want, dear. I'm sure no one's there."
"How old do think he is? You know, the man next door."
"Somewhere in his thirties. Why?"
"I was just wondering. Never mind. . . That was him working out in his yard when we drove by the other day, right?"
"I believe so."
"I thought he looked about twenty-nine!"
"Don't go there, Amber. He's definitely too old for you. More my age."
"I liked him. I think he smiled at me."
"We don't need any more trouble, Amber. We just moved in."
"Megan's the troublemaker."
"Okay, honey, if you say so."
"Mom, why do always take her side?"
"I'm not taking anybody's side. It has been more than a year now, Amber. I think it's time you two start acting like sisters again."
"Not going to happen mom."
"Amber, all this drama with Megan wears me out. It's getting late. I think I'll just head inside. Don't forget you have to go shopping later for dinner. You should get going by four."
"Alright. Just give me a few more minutes."
Their family talk was interesting, but it had started to dampen my enthusiasm. What was happening out there? Did Amber really hear me? And when had she seen me? I guess by working out in my yard she meant last week when I was putting in a new walkway to my front door. Anyway, I know I should have quit right then, just walked away to my bathroom to clean up and get dressed, but I couldn't help myself. I had to see them again.
Amber was standing with her back to me watching Danielle, her still topless mom, walk toward the house, her nipples still hard and her milky white globes proudly bouncing and jiggling with each purposeful step. She really was a beautiful woman, a gorgeous fleshed out vision of masturbatory delight.
Then she was gone and my attention went back to Amber and her backside, now on her tip toes, her arms stretching languidly above her head, reaching for the sky. Then slowly and methodically she reached down to her pink bikini panties, she grabbed hold of the thin fabric at each side, and wiggled them down and over her bare ass, the cheeks firm and ripe, and then down her sinewy legs until she stepped out of them, completely and gloriously naked.
Nineteen years of firm, tight and toned sexual perfection. She inspected what she had called her panty lines, little half-inch white strips across her hips and just above her brown apple bottom. I gasped for breath as I imagined kissing and furrowing deep into that sexy little bottom, but then too quickly she was turning, turning all the way around, her rosy brown nipples coming into view, and then the sweetest gift she could give my eyes, her little bald pussy.
She was practically showing it off, thrusting it out and bending over to inspect her smooth shaven pussy mound, actually running a finger along her cunt lips, and then slowly and gingerly as if she were petting the tiniest baby kitten, she gently inserted the knuckle of her index finger into her tight little cunt, then the full length of her finger, she was now playing with her pussy right out in the open air, finger fucking her cunt and she didn't care who could see her start to glisten at her slit, she opened her vagina to my eyes and it was all too much.
I don't know, I must have moaned again or made some kind of sound because she looked up and somehow, I really thought I was hidden away from view, but somehow she caught my eye and we both froze, staring each other down. I saw her green eyes flash at me, blazing, like she was daring me to keep looking. Then she fluttered them closed, her face raising to the sun, her finger still moving in her pussy and me with my hand still stroking on my cock, until I stumbled back, falling into my chair, my cum now spurting everywhere, onto my chest and up into my face. I came because of Amber, because she had looked into my eyes and fucked her pussy for me, but it was my body now alone in my room covered and coated and splattered with white cream.
In my euphoria I lost track of time, I don't know how many minutes passed, but I found myself licking my lips and absently sucking the glaze from my fingers. I was thrilled and worried and ashamed all at the same time. What would Amber do now? Would she tell her mom? Report me to the police? I was going over every option, every possible scenario I could imagine when I heard the click clack of heels on concrete and then the doorbell rang, a long pause, and then knocking and a voice.
I had to get myself together, get dressed, and go downstairs and answer the door. I took a moment to wipe myself down with the towel, throw on some khaki shorts and button up my shirt. All of this was my doing and I had to face up to it. My new neighbors had in one sun splattered afternoon changed the course of my life. For better or for worse, I was about to find out. . .
My front door has an opaque beveled glass panel. When someone is at my door I can see the blurred but mostly unidentifiable outline of the person's body. Usually I can tell if they are a man or a woman, but that's about the extent of it. Standing at the top of my stairs I knew there was a woman knocking at my door, I just couldn't make out who it was. Most likely Danielle or Amber. Whoever it was they were not ready or willing to quietly go away. They had been knocking for at least several minutes now.
"Hold on," I said, loud enough so I was sure for them to hear. "I'm on my way. Settle down and I'll be right there."
The knocking stopped and was replaced by incessant foot tapping. The person at my door was clearly impatient and not all happy to be kept waiting. This was not good. I was not feeling like the indiscretion at my window was going to be easily explained away.
I sighed, resigned to my fate, and opened the door.
"It took you long enough," Megan said, not bothering with hello. "What were you doing in there?"
"I. . . I don't know," I stammered.
I was shocked to see it was Megan. Why would it possibly be her? And what was with her attitude?
She was still wearing her skin-tight purple swimsuit and over it a short little white terry cloth robe that while safely concealing her pussy mound, only barely covered her bottom. Her robe was cinched tight at the waist and because she has a plump little bottom, it rode up a bit in back. I could see purple poking out at the hem.
"You don't know? Why wouldn't you know? Hello?"
She said hello in the way some teenagers do when they mean, are you out of your mind? Are you really so old you forgot what you were doing? Anyway, that's what I took her hello to mean. Her mocking and humorous inflection on the word actually calmed me down a little and gave me a second to regain my composure.
"Oh, so now I get my hello," I said, smiling. Doing my best to look cool and relaxed.
It seemed to work. Her body language eased and she smiled.
"Sorry. . . I've just been knocking for like, forever. Does your doorbell even work? Anyway, my sister said she saw you come, whatever. . . home, I guess. And then my mom says great so I have to come right over and invite you for dinner like I'm the neighborhood ambassador or something. We're the ones that just moved in! I mean, God. . . Am I right or what?"
She was talking a mile a minute, I couldn't help but laugh. But did she really pause after saying that first come? What were the implications if she did? I hoped that was just the way I heard her talk. I was transfixed by her mouth. I saw myself floating, transforming into a matchbook-sized man, and entering her lips like a lollipop.
"Okay, okay. Will you please look at me, okay?" she continued on, scolding me.
I guess she caught me staring at her sexy lips as they moved, opening and closing on me with every word. She was wearing lipgloss. At least I think she was. Maybe her lips are just naturally dark pink and pouty and shiny.
"My name's Megan. I'm your new neighbor," she said, extending her hand like she wanted it kissed, the nails polished a bright pink, her skin tanned a golden brown. "We want to invite you for dinner because, well, I don't know why, I guess because my mom wants to get to know the neighbors and you're our first victim," she said, finally pausing to laugh.
Her eyes sparkled at me. They were dark chocolate brown eyes. Big, open, carefree eyes.
"Nice to meet you, Megan," I said shaking her hand. "My name's David. Tell your mom I'd love to come to dinner," I managed to say, almost like I meant it. Who knows, maybe I did mean it.
"Yes! I knew I could get you to come!" Megan said, obviously gloating. "Amber, that's my sister, she's ridiculous by the way, she said you'd never agree to dinner. So, thanks! You just made me twenty bucks. Ha! Anyway, dinner's at seven o'clock sharp. Don't be late."
With that, she twirled around and sashayed off. She was wearing natural cafe brown leather shooties with two inch heels.
"Oh, and bring wine if you like to drink," she said as she walked away. "We'll take care of everything else."
She walked down my walkway and across to her house like she was practicing her runway walk. She knew I was watching her, her hips swaying as she strutted, her robe riding up high and showing off flashes of her purple encased bottom with every step. She lifted her hand high and waved without ever turning around or looking back.
"You're naughty!" she giggled and then she ran, bursting out laughing as she went.
When she disappeared I checked out my shorts, adjusted myself, making sure I wasn't too stiff to be obvious. It's okay I thought, nothing but an ordinary bulge, no reason to worry.
My concern was more about trying to interpret some of what she said. Asking me what I was doing, why did it take me so long to answer the door, then the come thing, and telling me to look at her, and then coming right out and calling me naughty. Was it all just being flirty or were there some hidden meanings warning me of a coming disaster at the dinner I now couldn't wait to attend. It's sad, I know it is, but I was already hopelessly infatuated with Megan. What a sexy and sassy girl. I wanted to turn her inside and out in every possible way. I guess I am naughty, the things she had me thinking, everything I wanted to do with that tight little body.