As a new day starts my eyes adjust to the light. I stretch and look over. Sam is still asleep. She no longer covers herself with anything when she sleeps so I admire her naked body even though I see it every day. I never get sick of it. It has been just over two weeks since Sam's gangbang and bukkake. Since then we haven't been doing much outside of our normal routine. Sam recently told me that she wants to take walks in different directions and go further. She is now completely unphased about anyone seeing her and never checks around. She wants to be seen. She is as comfortable outside nude as I am clothed. She hasn't mentioned clothing or anything like that since we got rid of everything. Being completely nude 24/7 is just normal to her.
A week ago she told me she wants to orgasm from only anal sex with no clitoral stimulation so that's all we have been trying to do since. She told me she doesn't want to permanently rule out vaginal sex or clitoral stimulation, but will only want to do those on rare occasions. I have a feeling she is lying to herself and deep down wants to be 100% anal only with no other kind of stimulation since she barely ever touches herself. She wants her body to adapt and know anal is the only stimulation it will get. I don't fully understand it as she has pretty powerful orgasms through vaginal sex and when she touches herself, but I know she knows what she wants. Time will tell, I guess. I do love looking at her untouched pussy each time we fuck, though. It just looks so beautiful.
I am completely fine with it and get to fuck Molly in every way when she's with us. She is here a good amount and stays over sometimes as well. I still have not seen Molly in any clothes since before she came over naked for the first time, but know she isn't always nude like Sam due to her having a job and has more things going on in her life with her family and friends. It's been very fun to be with a completely naked girl every day and two a good amount of those.
Sam has yet to orgasm in the last week from anal only stimulation, but thinks she's getting close. A good amount of the time she doesn't want to and just wants to stay on edge as it makes her feel great throughout the day. Some nights when we are hanging and watching TV I will be in her ass with very little movement for a couple of hours, usually in a spooning position with my dick acting as her plug. We both just like the feeling.
She also likes keeping me on edge a lot, probably for the bigger cum shots, but I wouldn't be surprised if she just likes torturing me just a little. Most mornings she gives me a blowjob when we wake up and stops before I can finish. I don't remember the last time I finished in the morning. If she asks me to edge for days along with her I have no problem doing that.
This morning is no different. After a few minutes of talking Sam starts to give me a blowjob. I love how she always looks me in the eyes most of the time when doing so. She goes very slow, deep throating me and licking around my balls and my entire length throughout. When I tell her I'm close she stops. I was hoping it would be one of the times I can finish, but will have to wait.
"Alright, time to get ready for work."
She gives me a pouty face. "You can't call in sick?"
"No. I've done that a little too much and also have some things that need to get done before the weekend that are better taken care of in person."
"Ok."
I shower and come back. She is sitting in bed on her laptop while I start to get dressed. I pull out some boxers.
"Will you go commando today and think of me all day?"
"I already think of you all day, but ok."
I put on everything except my underwear. We go downstairs and sit at the kitchen table while drinking coffee.
"What do you want to do tonight," I ask her.
"Not sure yet. I'll think on it and let you know later."
"Sounds good. Text me what you want for dinner later. I feel like carry out and not cooking."
"Ok Daddy. I'll miss you."
"I'll miss you too, baby." We both stand up and share a kiss. I then slap her ass before I leave.
I head to work, do everything I have to, and am about to leave a little earlier than planned. I text Sam and let her know and asks what she wants to eat.
"I'll place an order for Gio's. It usually takes about 30 mins or so," she texts me.
"Ok, I'll pick it up on the way home."
On the way I tell Sam I am hard as a rock and she is to greet me at the door on her knees when I arrive in five minutes. I arrive home with our food and as soon as I round the edge of the house I see Sam positioned as told with her mouth open and arms behind her back, but she is outside kneeling in front of the door instead of inside.
"Hi Daddy. I wanted to do this here. Hope you don't mind."
I look around and don't see anyone. It's dark, but I still don't want our neighbors that know she is my daughter to see us. I am about to ask her to go inside with me when I decide fuck it. We are kind of hidden from the majority of the street.
"I love the surprise." I set the bag of food down next to Sam, undo my zipper, and pull my dick out. She leans in and immediately deep throats me. I look around as she continues. I don't see or hear anything and focus back on Sam. After a few minutes of her doing everything she can to get her reward I let her know I'm close. I am thinking she will stop and deny my orgasm before she pulls away and speaks.
"Please cover my face, Daddy. I want to eat dinner with it on."
"Anything you want. Go for a bit longer and I'll pull back when ready."
She resumes sucking and after a few more seconds I pull back and start stroking. I have been horny and on edge all day, teasing my dick through my slacks on and off, and haven't cum in three days. I feel the floodgates about to open and take aim. Sam's arms haven't left their spot behind her back the whole time. The first and second ropes hit her in the forehead and trail down over her eyes. She doesn't flinch or blink and gives me a big smile. I continue and keep letting out rope after rope. It seems like one of the bigger loads I've ever had. She tilts her head back as I step closer so the rest of it stays on her face. When I finish I look around again and still don't see or hear anything. I put my dick back in my pants, grab the food, and walk around Sam to open the door and walk inside, leaving her on her knees naked and covered facing the street. I snap a picture from behind to send to her later.
"I forgot my bag in my truck. Will you go grab it for me?"
She stands up with a grin on her face, leaving all of the cum where it landed, before walking out to the truck. I watch as she takes her time. She grabs my bag and walks back to me.
"Oh shoot. I also had a box of papers in the back seat too. Would you mind?"
"I feel like this was pre planned," she says jokingly.
"Who me? I would never..."
She walks to the truck again, opens the back door, grabs the small box, and closes the door. Instead of walking straight back she walks around the back of the truck, in full view of the street, before coming back inside.
"I figured you wanted me to maybe get seen so I took my time and went the long way."
We walk into the house and I close the door behind us. She sets the box down. "Ok, I'm starving."
"Me too."
We go to the kitchen and unpack everything. I got a pasta dish with a side salad and Sam got a chicken dish. We eat and discuss the day, her face covered in fresh cum as if it's not even there.
"I was thinking about what I want to do later," she tells me.
"This should be good."
"I want to go to the forest preserve in the other direction from the park. It's about a 20 minute walk and a little more populated along the way. I want to walk there, for you to drive and meet me there, fool around, and then for you leave in the car while I walk back alone."
"Are you sure you don't want to just come with me in the car? We don't know what to expect in that direction."
"Exactly," she replies. "I want more of a challenge and for someone to maybe see me."
"Just be careful."
"You should know by now I will be, to an extent," she says.
After dinner I finish up a little work as Sam lounges around, talks on the phone, and watches some TV. We watch some shows and a movie together after I'm all done. The cum is now dry on her face and we spoon with me in her ass. At about 1am she kisses me and tells me she is heading out as she reinserts her plug shaped like a dildo with a tapered end. The plan is for me to leave about 15 or so minutes after her so we arrive about the same time, but I have my own little plan. I'm going to let her stay there alone for 30 minutes longer than she thinks she will be. She won't have her phone to be able to call me and will have to figure out what to do until I get there.
After she is gone for about 45 minutes I get in my car and drive to meet her. When I pull up in the parking lot there are no other cars or people and it's pretty dark. I don't see Sam and wonder if she made it or got held up somewhere, or maybe started walking back and wondering where I was since I was a lot later than she expected. I park and get out, walking into the open area between the trees in front of the parking lot.
I call her name out without screaming too loud, just in case. I walk around for a few minutes doing so until I hear someone right behind me. I quickly turn around and hear "boo!" Sam is there and laughing at my jump reaction.
"Jesus Christ. You scared the shit out of me."
Through her laughter she tells me "well, you kept me waiting here for a lot longer than you said so I owed you one."
"What were you doing the whole time?"
"It was actually pretty great. I have just been walking around the forest and in this area, enjoying the night air on my body. My feet hurt a little, but it felt good to walk around with barely enough light to see anything."
I pull her close and we start making out. I see some kind of big flat rock out of the corner of my eye. I pull away, grab her hand, and guide her toward it. She gets up on the rock on all fours facing away from me. I lean in and start to kiss and lick her ass, eventually making my way to her asshole. I pull her dildo plug out and hand it to her so she can lick it clean. I lick all around her hole for a while before barely grazing it with my tongue. I tease her for a while before finally licking it.
After a few minutes of rimming her she turns around, drops to her knees, undoes my pants, and starts sucking my dick.
"Get back on the rock," I tell her after a while. She gets back on it on her hands and knees and I immediately step up and begin fucking her ass. While I am doing so we hear footsteps over leaves and sticks. Before we can run away or I can block Sam from view we look over and see a guy with a dog staring right at us. I freeze, my dick buried all the way in her ass.
"Shit, we didn't think...." Before I could finish the guy interrupts me. "Not a problem with me at all, man. This may sound weird, but do you mind if I watch?"
"We appreciate you being cool about it, but we're gonna get out of here," I tell him. I start to pull out and feel Sam reach back to grab the wrist of my hand that is holding the side of her ass. I look down and she is looking back over her shoulder and up at me.
"I want him to watch."
"I don't know about this."
"I want him to see me get fucked in the ass and my face covered."
I think about it for a few seconds before Sam speaks again. "Please?"
I cannot turn her down and nod my head. She lets out a huge smile and we both look over to the guy.
"Ok. You can watch, but no pictures or anything."
"Works for me," he replies.
I look back down at Sam. "Are you sure?"
"Yes. I want to be seen more and this is a good opportunity."
I resume fucking her ass slowly. Not before long I speed up and grab her hair, wrapping it around my hand and yanking it as I fuck her. I see her turn her head and look at the guy as he watches us. She massages her tits and pinches her nipples as she stares at him.
"You like seeing me get fucked out here," she asks him.
"Very much so. This is so hot."
After a couple of minutes I pull out of her and pull her hair hard to get her off of the rock and down on the ground in front of me. She immediately starts sucking while reaching back for her plug. She grabs it and reinserts while cleaning off my dick.
"You can come closer if you want," she tells him after pulling away for a couple of seconds then resumes sucking my dick. I don't put up any fight as the guy walks and stands a couple feet away.
"Was that in your ass? I couldn't tell for sure." Sam nods.
"And you just put a butt plug in too?" Sam nods again.
"Lucky guy," he says to me.
"You have no idea," I reply.
As he watches Sam sucks my dick for a bit before pulling her plug out, setting it on the rock, and telling me to sit down. I do as told as Sam gets on top of me, reverse cowgirl, facing the guy so can see better as I fuck her. She has me scoot back a little and positions herself to squat down, guiding my dick into her ass and lowering herself onto it. After I am inside she puts her hands back on the rock for support before starting to move up and down. I notice the guy start to grab and rub himself over his pants. Sam does too.
"It's ok. You can take it out." Sam tells him.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. You can't touch, but I want to see you jerk off."
He unzips his jeans and takes out his dick. It's average sized, but completely hard, and he starts to stroke it as Sam continues fucking me.
"I love getting fucked in my little ass with your dried cum from earlier on my face and this man watching it," Sam says aloud. "Show me whose ass this is."
I grab her hips and start fucking her faster and faster. "I'm so close," I tell her after a couple of minutes.
She climbs off of me and squats down on the ground, taking me into her mouth as she reinserts her plug. She looks over at the guy as she deep throats me slowly. Not before long I pull back to unload on her face and start stroking as she tilts her head back. I aim for her forehead and start to cum. The first of it hits her forehead before I move around and shoot on different parts of her face. It's not a lot, but I am surprised how much there was after earlier. It starts to drip down her face as she looks over at the guy.
"You can finish in my hair if you want," she tells him.
"Holy shit, this is amazing." He walks up and starts to stroke very fast. Still on her knees she looks down as he starts to cum. He shoots a few ropes into her hair before stepping back.
"Thank you," she tells him.
"Are you kidding? I am the one that is thankful. This was so great." He looks at me. "Thanks for letting me do that on your girl."
"Hey, she gets what she wants."
"Ready," I ask her. She nods before standing up, leaving all of the cum where it is.
"Thanks again for being cool about this and not calling the cops or something," I tell the guy.
"I would never. I think it's great and am also into the public stuff. You guys come here often?"
"I guess you'll have to wait and see," Sam tells him.
"I guess so," he replies.
"Alright, we're on our way," I tell him as I pull my pants up. We start to walk away.
"Wait, where are your clothes," he asks.
"I'm a nudist. I didn't bring any." She doesn't tell him she doesn't own any, has been completely nude for over a month, and will be that way the rest of her life.
"And you're just gonna leave all that cum on you?"
"I always do. I love the feeling."
"Fucking Christ," he replies. "You are just amazing."
"Yes she is," I say. We get to the truck and wait for the guy to leave. After he does I tell her I will see her back at home. I get in my truck and drive away. About 30 minutes after I get home she walks in through the front door.
"That was fun."
"Yeah? Anything out of the ordinary?"
"About halfway back home I went into the middle of the street under a light, got on my hands and knees, and fucked myself with my plug until I was close to cumming and stopped."
"Do you think anyone saw you?"
"I hope so, but didn't notice anyone or any windows with lights or anything. It felt so great to be in the middle of the street completely nude fucking myself under a light for anyone to see."
"My little weirdo."
Sam smiles. "Yup."
"Ready for bed or do you want to wind down for a bit?"
"I'm beat. Let's go to sleep."
We head upstairs and I wash up and climb into bed. Sam leaves all of the dried cum on her face and hair from earlier, but washes up a little before joining me.
"Good night, baby."
"Good night, Daddy," she replies before kissing me and lying down with her head on my chest and her arm over my stomach.
The next morning I wake up and Sam is not in bed with me. I smell food and head downstairs naked. I stay naked most mornings until I shower these days. As I enter the kitchen Sam greets me. I see that she also hasn't showered yet. She pours me a cup of coffee and tells me the food should be ready soon.
"You excited for tonight," I ask her.
"I can't wait. It's gonna be so fun."
We recently invited Nick and Brooke over and they are coming tonight. Sam told me she has been texting with Brooke.
"I really think we should tell them we are father and daughter before anything gets sexual, assuming it will, and hope they don't run out of here upset or god forbid tell the police," I tell Sam.
"I don't think they will. Brooke seems kinky and from what she's told me he seems that way too."
"Oh yeah? What has she said they are into?"
"Well you know they like being nude in public. She told me he is also really into bondage and they have a very dom/sub relationship."
"Really? I couldn't tell that at the beach."
"She said because they had met us and were hanging out they decided to not do that around us."
"Ah, makes sense."
"She said she is his submissive and can only orgasm when he allows it. He decides on anything sex related for the most part. She even wears a collar to signify she belongs to him sexually."
"Wow, alright. I guess she doesn't wear it in public as I didn't see it at the beach at any point."
"Yeah. She said she doesn't when out, but likely will start doing so soon."
"Since you won't ever have anything on your body again, if we ever want to do something like that, maybe we can get you a small tattoo or something."
"Are you serious," she asks me.
"I don't know. Does that upset you?"
"No. The opposite. I know I'm the one that's usually more vocal and asking for rough stuff, but I do like when you order me to do things. I don't think I would ever consider myself your submissive like Brooke does for Nick, but I do belong to you for the rest of my life and will do any single thing you ask or tell me to. I do kind of like the idea of a tattoo to signify that and will definitely think about it."
Sam finishes cooking and brings plates over to the table for us to eat. We make small talk as we enjoy our breakfast. "What do you want to do today," I ask her.
"To be honest, doing nothing but lounging around until they get here sounds pretty great. That ok?"
"Of course." Since it is Saturday I don't have work and don't have anything else going on.
Throughout the day we deep clean the house, prep a little for the seafood paella dinner we are making, shower, and watch some TV. By watch TV I mean it is on in the background while Sam does everything in her power to get me to the edge of an orgasm before stopping each time. When done playing Sam goes upstairs to talk with some friends for a bit. When she's done she comes down and we watch a baseball game while waiting for our guests.
It's now a little after 6pm and the doorbell rings. When I open the door I see Nick, and next to him a very naked Brooke. The only thing she has on her body is a tight black leather collar with a metal infinity sign in the front center of it around her neck. No shoes or jewelry, at least that I can see. "Hi," they both say.
"Well hello there," I reply. "I am so happy to see you both. Brooke you look beautiful."
"Thank you," she replies. "I was inspired by when we met and Sam came from here to the beach completely naked. I wanted to do the same so left the house like naked. Well, naked except for this," as she points to her collar.
"I'm happy you did. What am I thinking? Come on inside," I tell them. They do and I follow and close the door behind us. Sam walks up and hugs both of them.
"I'm so glad you guys are finally here!"
"Us too. We've been so excited for days. I assumed you'd be naked and am happy you are. It's cool that I have never seen you in clothes."
Sam looks at me with a smile. "Well about that. I didn't mention this in our texts as I wanted to let you know in person."
Brooke looks at me then back to Sam.
"Let's go sit down," I say and lead everyone to the living room. Sam and I sit on the larger couch and Brooke and Nick on the love seat.
"Ok, what is it," Brooke asks. "I'm dying here."
"I made the decision to never wear anything again and stay completely and totally nude for the rest of my life. No clothes, jewelry, shoes, anything at all. Well, we made the decision," she says as she looks at me.
"Forever," Nick asks.
"Yes. Permanent nudity for the rest of my life. I don't want anything on my body ever again. I will continue to use a little makeup, though, as I don't count that as wearing anything and like the way it makes me look."
"Are you serious," Brooke asks.
"Very. I wasn't wearing any bras or panties for a long time anyways. When he was gone I would walk around the house nude and would also walk around outside in the neighborhood very late at night nude as well. It really turned me on and felt freeing. One time, late at night, I walked to a park not too far away and got so turned on that I was away from home and any clothes that I started masturbating. Before I knew it two cops walked up on me.
"No way," Brooke replies.
"Yup. I got so turned on I couldn't stop and came the hardest I ever have while looking right at them."
"Wow."
"Well, I got arrested they called him and he picked me up. I explained everything to him and he was shocked at first, but over a couple of days he accepted me for me and said it was ok if I wanted to be nude when home. A bit after that the idea of being permanently nude for the rest of my life came up a couple of times and I could not stop thinking about it. At first I told him I wanted to stay completely nude as much as possible. I asked him to throw away or put most of my clothes and accessories in a storage facility and keep just a few things here in a locked closet so only he could access them, just in case I ever needed to wear something. I didn't want any access to anything myself and didn't have a key. We never once opened it and one day he told me that all of it was gone for good. He emptied out the closet and storage and donated every piece of clothing, jewelry, everything that I had. That gave me the push I needed to finally live my life how I want. I will be as you see me now, as naked as the day I was born, for the rest of my life."
"Holy shit," Brooke says. "That is the hottest thing I have ever heard. I could never do that, but am kind of jealous. Do you honestly think you can do it forever? And will you ever be tempted to put on something of Jacks?"
"I know I can. I will. If I can't go somewhere, I won't go, plain and simple. I do hope over time we can find more places that are ok with it and people become more accepting. I really want to one day drive to the grocery store, do my shopping, stop for a coffee, and do anything else like that and not get into trouble. That's the main thing for me, the getting in trouble part. If I knew I wouldn't, I would go do all of that stuff right now as I don't care what others think. If they want to look, let them look. I want them to. And no, I will never put anything of his on. As far as I'm concerned there are no clothes here for me and that's that."
"And you don't think you'll ever change your mind?"
"No. You have no idea how happy I am and how free I feel knowing I can live my life like this. To me this feels as normal as wearing clothes does for everyone else. I was always sad when I had to put something on and couldn't wait to take it all off. I know society will not understand it, but I don't care about that. I will do it because it makes me happy, and like I said earlier, it turns me on. It's more me being comfortable in my own skin and happy in general than the being turned on part, but they both are reasons."
"Why no jewelry and accessories," Brooke asks. "And your feet won't hurt from going everywhere barefoot?"
"I have just always loved the feeling of having absolutely nothing touching my body and being completely free. I love not having the feel or weight of anything on me. My feet have gotten used to it. Sometimes they get a little sore on a longer walk, but I know over time it'll become less of an issue. Plus I really love the feeling of the pavement on my bare feet. It reminds me of how naked I am."
"It does feel nice to be naked. Doing it permanently is something I couldn't imagine, but I'm rooting for you."
"Thank you."
"Since you were nude when we met, and going to be that way the rest of your life, I will have never seen you in clothes.
"I didn't think about that, but I like it. Both of you will only know me this way."
"What about friends and family? Are you afraid of what they will say?"
"We are not close with any family and don't have much left anyways. As far as friends go I am very close to letting a few know soon and see how they react. They will be welcome to come over and hang out if they want to and I would go to their place or out with them if they would be ok with it. I am not ashamed of my body whatsoever. This is me and they can take it or leave it. I hope they take it."
"Sorry for the million questions, but what about school?"
"It's no problem. I enjoy talking about it. I have been taking time off after graduating high school and just haven't decided on what to do next. I didn't want to go to college just to go and he's been supportive. Now I know that I very likely won't be going due to my new lifestyle and am considering taking online stuff or just saying the hell with it. Before all of this it was go to school, get a job, live a normal life. Now everything has changed. I probably won't have any kind of normal job where I need a degree. I doubt many places will want a nude girl working there, and I don't want to be a porn star or anything like that. Maybe I could do nude modeling or something along those lines. Jack told me we have enough money from his job and savings to not have to worry about things. We may end up just buying a farm out in the middle of nowhere and living our lives there forever, the way we want. For that I don't need any more education. I guess the more I think and talk about it, I am probably not going back."
"No school or work and just living your life nude and exactly how you want the rest of your life. I'm pretty jealous," Brooke tells her.
"It's very liberating to know I can be me."
"Wait," Brooke says with that look of wheels turning in her head. "If you were dating and living together why were you hiding all of this from Jack? Why didn't you tell him you wanted to be naked a lot more? I think any guy would be very happy with that. Were you embarrassed or something?"
"Well, that leads me right into the other thing we wanted to talk to you about," Sam replies. Nick and Brooke stare at Sam in anticipation as she looks at me and smiles.
"Spit it out already," Brooke says eagerly.
"Well Dad," she says to me. "Tell them."
"Sam is my daughter. My biological daughter."
I pause and see if they have anything to say. They just stare at me. I break the silence. "We love each other very much and know there will be judgment by anyone that knows, but we wanted tell both of you before anything potentially happened here tonight. If you're freaked out or upset and want to leave, we completely understand."
Nick and Brooke look at each other as Brooke lets out a smile. She looks back to Sam. "I KNEW it," she says loudly. "I based my hunch on your features and how you guys acted. Nick didn't think so."
"You're ok with it," Sam asks in a worried tone.
"When I initially thought about it I got a little turned on and was surprised by that. After a few days of thinking about it I asked Nick if we could role play as father and daughter. At first he was a little hesitant, but we always told each other that we'd be honest about everything we want to explore. Zero secrets and zero judgement. He gave in and while he said he had fun, I was completely into it. I'm betting we do more of that kind of stuff. So yes, we are ok with it."
"I did have fun and have my own kinks so I don't judge anyone," Nick adds. "If it makes you both happy then that's all that matters."
"Wow, I am so relieved," Sam tells them. "I was very worried that you guys would bolt out of here. And if I had any part you trying out some new stuff that you enjoy that makes me happy."
"You did, and we are definitely not leaving" she replies before looking at Nick and kissing him. "So, if you don't mind me asking, when did your sexual relationship start?"
"Well, a couple of days after getting arrested I asked him to come on a walk with me to that same park."
"You weren't worried about getting arrested again?"
"No. I figured I had a lookout this time and that we would be very careful."
"And you had no problem with doing that," Brooke asks me.
"Well I was very hesitant, but this one is persuasive," I tell them. Sam gives them a look raising her eyebrows up and down.
"When we got there I asked him to watch me masturbate. I was so turned on and was really fighting in my head if I should or not. Lust took over and I did and after some coaxing he started jerking off while watching me. As he was about to cum he closed his eyes. Without even thinking I quickly got on the ground below him while he did. It went all over my face and when he opened his eyes he was shocked."
"I bet."
"Yeah, I was not expecting that," I tell them.
"I left his cum on my face for the walk home and ate some of it in front of him. That same night before I went to bed I saw his feet in the crack below my door while I was masturbating and opened it. He was standing there with his dick out and cum in his hand. I leaned in and he wiped it on my face before I closed the door and we went to bed."
"This is so amazingly hot," Brooke says.
"So that's when it started. We've never really discussed it in detail, being father and daughter, it being taboo, and all of that. We just kind of went with it and let our feelings guide us. I didn't grow up wanting to have sex with my dad and always fantasize about it. The night I got arrested, when he said he would love me no matter what, was understanding, and didn't freak out, that made me see him as more than my father. He was a man that understood me, loved me unconditionally, and wanted me to do what made me happy, even if not normal."
"For me it was the same," I tell them. "I've always known that Sam is very attractive, but never thought about her in that way until she told me she walks around our house and outside naked, never wears bras and panties, and all of that, I realized she was a sexual being and started thinking about her in that way. We have discussed not going out too much around here and being very careful because of our relationship. We also won't mention the sexual relationship between us to her friends or anyone else other than you guys. We will eventually have to talk to others about her nudity and how it's weird to be naked around me, but we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. We will just tell them this is her and what makes her happy and that I support my daughter. They don't need to know she is the only person I will love in that way the rest of my life and that's it's the best sex I will ever have."
Sam looks at me and smiles. I return the smile and we share a short kiss.
Sam then goes on to tell them about Molly, going out for drives, our first time having sex in the park, all of it. "The coolest thing so far was him taking Molly and I out to a restaurant."
"Woah, what," Molly exclaims.
"Yeah. He paid a restaurant to stay open after hours and let them know ahead of time about Molly and I being nude. They did and seemed like they had fun. They were super nice. We actually went back there a second time after we met you at the beach and had sex in front of them. I ate dinner with him in my ass. It was so dirty and fun."
"So I'm guessing they didn't know you were father and daughter?"
"No. It didn't seem like they needed to know. Enough about me, though. Tell me about you. How did you guys meet and discover all the things you are into?"
"Well, we met the old school way, at a bar. We caught each other's eye, drank, danced, and I ended up in his bed that night. The sex was phenomenal. It's like our bodies were meant for each other. We started dating and got married about a year later and it's been about 4 years total now."
"I see you're wearing a collar and you have told me about some of the things you guys are into. So you're Nick's submissive?"
"Yes," Nick replies. "I know I don't literally own her, but she belongs to me. After a few dates I let her know that was what I was into. I like being dominant, controlling what a girl wears, or doesn't, and guiding the sex. She seemed a little submissive and I guessed correctly that she would be open to experiment. We role played and did all kinds of things. I wanted to make sure she was comfortable and knew what she was in for, to see if she wanted to go down that path with me. Once she told me she did, and that she enjoyed it as much as I did, I asked her to marry me. It was pretty early on, but I just knew. The day she said yes was the best day of my life."
Brooke smiles and kisses Nick.
"Awwwww," Sam says. "That is so great."
"I pretty much just do what I am told and let him use me in any way he wants. I enjoy making him happy and enjoy being told what to do," Brooke adds. "He's super into tying me up, role playing, and all of that."
"I'm happy you guys found each other," Sam says.
"Me too. I am only allowed to orgasm when he tells me. Sometimes it's so hard to not do it and I really have to fight it and concentrate, but that is fun for me. And when he finally lets me it always feels so amazing."
Sam looks at me with a smile, acknowledging her love of that too.
"While we have that dynamic, it's not like I can't suggest things, though. I'm not a complete sex slave without a voice. I can bring up things to try sometimes, like the father daughter role play, and he is open to trying things, but for the most part I just go with what he wants."
We look at Nick and he smiles.
"When at home she wears the collar at all times. She usually doesn't wear it outside, but I would like her to wear it more, maybe all times at some point. With work and stuff it might not be feasible, and maybe we have to get her something else more hidden or not as obvious, but I would really love for her to always have something on."
"We will figure it out, baby," Brooke says to Nick. "I want that too."
Sam gets up, walks over to the other couch, and sits between them. She leans in and kisses Brooke. "I've wanted to do that since the beach," she tells Brooke.
"Same," Brooke replies.
They start to make out slowly, groping each other all over as they do. Nick and I share a look of approval. After a bit Sam turns to Nick and kisses him. He looks at me and I nod my head.
"Tonight you don't have to ask me about anything. Everything is fair game," I tell him.
"Same goes for you," he replies. He continues kissing Sam and moves his hands along her body as they do.
"Well I guess we can start dinner later as opposed to now," I joke.
Brooke stands up. "Agreed." She comes over and sits next to me. We haven't talked much just the two of us, but I want her and can feel that she wants me. She smiles at me before I lean in and kiss her. When I first saw this beautiful topless woman at the beach I had no idea a short while later she would be naked on my couch kissing me and probably ready to do a lot more. She climbs on top of me, her legs on each side of mine, straddling me and grinding on my jeans as we continue to kiss. I peek over and see Sam lying on top of Nick doing the same.
A few minutes pass before I see Nick and Sam get up. Brooke peels away as well as I see Sam get on her knees and pull Nick's pants and boxers down. He is very well endowed and a good amount bigger than me. Sam leans in and starts to lick his dick for a bit before taking him into her mouth while looking up at him. Brooke and I stand and she does the same to me.
I see Sam deep throating Nick, to his delight, while Brooke goes as far as she can, taking about three quarters of me into her mouth. She looks up at me and uses her hand along with her mouth. I see her look over at Nick and they smile at each other as Brooke pulls away for a couple of seconds. After a bit I tell Brooke to sit on the couch with her legs spread. Once she's situated I kneel on the ground in front of her and begin licking all around her pussy, teasing her clit very lightly, but mostly ignoring it. After a bit of teasing I focus on her clit more and more while still licking her lips and the insides or her thighs. I notice her rubbing her tits as I am doing this.
I look over to Sam and Nick and see her getting on all fours on the floor with Nick kneeling behind her. He leans in and starts to lick her ass after she tells him to. After a short while Sam pulls away and stands up. "There's one more thing," she says.
"There's more," Brooke asks emphatically as I continue to go down on her.
"I'm training my body to cum from only anal stimulation without touching my clit or pussy at all. I haven't orgasmed, touched my clit, or had anything other than anal play for a week."
"You really don't touch your clit at all?"
"I often go long periods of ignoring it. I ask that you both do the same and pretend my pussy and clit aren't even there."
"I don't think I could ever not touch my clit for long periods. It feels so good, especially right now," she says as she looks down at me while I suck on hers while licking it. "We will definitely do as you ask, though."
"Absolutely," Nick adds.
"When I delay touching myself for so long, then eventually do it, it feels amazing. I will do it again eventually, but the idea of getting off from only a dick in my ass is one I can't get out of my head. I will do it or try forever. At night, or when just hanging out, I will have him in my ass without moving and just stay like that. When he's not in there I almost always have a plug or dildo or something in as I love the feeling of my ass being full."
"Can I see the plug," Brooke asks.
Sam smiles. "Funny you should ask. I actually don't have one in right now."
I am a little confused as I don't remember the last time she didn't have one in when we weren't having sex. Sam stands up and turns around, facing away from all of us, but turning her head to look back.
"So I don't have a plug in, but that doesn't mean there isn't anything in there."
She bends over and within a few seconds I see what appears to be the head of a dildo come out a little. She smiles at me as it starts to come out more, inch by inch. After a few seconds I am wondering how long it is. Eventually she grabs it and it fully comes out.
"You have been down here with me for a couple of hours. You've had that in the whole time?"
"Yup."
"How long is that," Nick asks.
"10 inches," Sam replies. "Not only have I been trying to train my body to cum from only anal stimulation, but I've been trying to go deeper and deeper. I love the feeling of something so deep inside of me."
"I'm surprised you didn't mention this to me," I tell her.
"I wanted it to be a surprise. I can't wait to go on a walk with this inside of me knowing there's potential for it to come out at any moment. One day, when I can hopefully go to some places with no problems, I want to have this, or maybe even something bigger, in me and no one to know. It really turns me on to think about that."
Sam brings the dildo to her mouth and licks the entire thing clean from end to end.
"Wow," Brooke replies. "I've only ever seen that in porn."
"I love to taste anything that's been in there. I like my taste and keep it very clean."
"You are really something girl," Brooke says as I continue to lick her pussy, clit, and all around her inner thighs.
"Yes she is," I reply after taking a break for a few seconds.
"I didn't tell you this, but I've never had anal sex," Brooke says. "We've used toys and fingers and stuff, but not full on anal. I've been using some plugs to stretch myself out and really want to take Nick in my ass soon. It's something he really wants."
"That's awesome," Sam replies. "I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Just take it slow and use tons of lube at first." She puts the long dildo back into her ass slowly until it disappears.
"Well, I have been and think I might be ready. I've been using bigger and bigger butt plugs and had my biggest one in for a good chunk of today. It's not in now obviously, but it was easy going in and out. I also made sure I was clean down there, just in case. We'll see how it goes tonight."
I start to lick Brooke's ass and she twitches a little.
"That feels amazing," she says with her eyes closed as she starts to rub her clit. While licking her ass I put my finger at the entrance to it and slightly press. Brooke moans and looks down at me. I stare at her and she nods so I slowly start pushing it in. I go slow and let her adjust along the way until most of my finger is in. I slowly start to move it in and out before she tells me one more. I pull out and insert two fingers in slowly while licking her clit again. I continue both at a slow pace for a bit. Her moaning picks up and her breathing becomes heavier as I do.
"I'm gonna cum. Don't stop."
I continue at the same pace and don't change a thing until she takes a deep breath in before letting out a big moan while she pinches her nipples and her body slightly shakes. Her orgasm lasts for about 30 seconds before she lets out another big moan.
"Fuck, that was great. Now I want to feel you inside of me."
I lean up and pull her arm to get her on the floor with me. She does and lies down on her back with her legs spread. I get on top of her and without hesitation insert myself into her, going slow at first. I look over to Sam and Nick and see that he is on his back on the couch and she is alternating between deep throating him and licking his ass. I push until I am fully inside of Brooke before pulling back and fucking her slowly. We kiss as I speed up slowly.
"Put your hand on my throat," she tells me. I do and don't squeeze. "Squeeze it harder." I squeeze until she nods her head. I continue my pace as I choke her gently. As I fuck her I say "I thought you were submissive, but here you are guiding me to what you want."
"I can let you take the lead if you want," she tells me as I continue to fuck her.
"No, it's good. I want you to tell me what you want."
"Then fuck me harder."
I speed up and start pulling out all the way before slamming my dick into her, repeating this over and over. As I continue I see Sam get on all fours on the floor and Nick get behind her. She pulls the dildo out, licks it clean, and sets it on the ground next to her. He starts to push into her ass. Once he is fully in he grabs her hips and begins fucking her. As I fuck Brooke I sneak peeks at Sam and see her doing the same. We share a smile as she mouths "I love you." I mouth it back. Sam is grabbing and massaging her tits with one of her hands as she balances with the other.
"Sit on the ground," Sam tells Nick after a couple of minutes, "but don't leave my ass." He grabs her while leaning back until he is seated as Sam goes along for the ride. They are quickly in position with Sam's open legs facing me and Brooke. Nick grabs the back of Sam's knees to hold her legs in place, spread eagle, as he resumes fucking her. It is quite a view seeing her in this position facing me while completely spread open and having Nick fuck her. Her eyes lock onto mine as she takes everything he has while grabbing her tits and pinching her nipples. I love watching her untouched pussy get ignored as well.
I look back to Brooke and see she is also watching them. She looks back to me before leaning up for a kiss. "Maybe we can do that later."
"Whatever you want," I reply, "but first, I have an idea." I pull out of her. "Go lie on the ground with your face under Sam". She does so and once she is situated Sam leans down and starts to kiss her as I resume fucking Brooke. Sam pulls up and looks at me. We lean toward each other and kiss slowly. She pulls away and looks me in the eyes with her mouth open, moaning as she's getting fucked, before leaning back in for another kiss. I've watched her with other guys, but this is the first time I've kissed her while she was.
She pulls away and kisses Brooke again. I watch and then lean down to kiss Brooke myself. Sam pulls away and smiles. We take turns making out with Brooke as we each keep fucking our respective partner.
"Wow, it is so hot to alternate kissing between a father and daughter," she says. We do this for a little before Sam pulls away from Nick and turns around to suck his dick. While she does this she puts the dildo back in before placing her ass above Brooke's face. Brooke pulls her down by her hips and starts to lick her asshole. After I watch Brooke do it for a while I lean in and lick it myself.
"It's ever hotter to watch you lick her ass," Brooke says.
"Then you're gonna love when I fuck it."
Brooke smiles before going back to rimming Sam. I pull out of Brooke after a while and ask her to sit up. As she does I scoot up to Sam, who is still sucking Nick's dick, tell her to remove the dildo, which she does, and thrust myself into her ass in one motion as she licks the dildo clean. Sam squeals with delight and looks back at me over her shoulder before sucking Nick's dick again. Nick and I are now spit roasting my daughter. Brooke watches for a little in amazement before moving over to Nick and making out with him while Sam continues deep throating his dick.
Nick pulls away from Sam as Brooke gets on the floor in front of her, lying on her back. Sam leans down and starts to lick Brooke's pussy as I continue to fuck her ass. I alternate between going slow and fast for a while before I pull out, put the dildo back in her ass, and move to her mouth. She sucks it clean before immediately kissing Brooke, sharing the taste of her ass and my dick.
I go and sit on the couch to watch and take a breather. Nick joins me. We just sit and watch for a while as Sam and Brooke take turns going down on each other, making out, getting into a sixty nine position, and licking all over each other's bodies. We discuss how hot it is to watch our girls enjoying themselves.
"It doesn't bother you to see Sam with other people, especially men?"
"It really doesn't. It turns me on, actually. Not just watching her with them, but knowing how turned on it gets her. I am not a jealous man. I know the sex stuff is just physical enjoyment. Beyond all of that we truly love each other and will do whatever makes the other happy. It's also not a one way street. I get to have my fun too as you saw, and with her friend Molly we mentioned earlier. It didn't bother you watching Brooke with me?"
"It's the same thing you said. In the end I know her heart is with me and we are just having our fun and I also get to have my fun. I'm glad we met you guys and that we're very likeminded."
"I am very glad we met too."
"Babe," Nick says. Brooke lifts up from kissing Sam and looks over to us. "So, did you want to try my dick in your ass?" She looks at Sam.
"Don't look at me. It's completely up to you. I think it'll open a lot more possibilities if you do it and enjoy it. If you don't then you'll know and will be around people that will be completely ok with it."
Brooke looks back to Nick and nods.
"I'll go get lube," Sam says before running upstairs. She returns quickly and hands it to Nick. He walks over to Brooke, who is sitting on the floor in the middle of the living room, and joins her there as Sam joins me on the couch.
"Are you sure," Nick asks. "I know you typically do what I say, but for this I want you to tell me. I don't want to hurt or rush you."
"Yes. I've been using plugs with the intent of doing this and think I am ready. Plus I am so fucking turned on right now I can't think of a better time. Just go slow and I'll tell you when to go further or if I want you to stop."
"Absolutely. This will be at your pace and at any moment if you don't like it I want you to tell me and not be worried about anything. If you don't like it then we won't do it and will still enjoy the hell out of the rest of tonight."
"Thanks babe," she tells him. "Which position should we do it in?"
"Which do you think will be most comfortable for you?"
Brooke looks over at Sam. "Any recommendation for the first time?"
"I think doggystyle would be easiest for both of you for the first time. You can change it up if uncomfortable."
"Ok." Brooke gets on all fours as Nick kisses her then gets behind her. He pours some lube on her asshole and inserts just the tip of his finger.
"You can start with two. Jack loosened me up a little with his fingers."
Nick inserts two fingers, very slowly at first. He pushes in then stops, letting Brooke get used to the feeling.
"Further," she tells him.
He pushes further and keeps going until both fingers are all the way in her ass. He leaves them there to let her get used to it more. After a minute or so he starts to move them in and out. He does this for a little before Brooke tells him she thinks she's ready. He situates himself and kneels behind her, puts his dick at the entrance to her ass, and pushes in very slightly. At first it's not even the full tip of his dick.
"This ok?"
"Yes, go a little further, but not too much at once."
He pushes until the head of his dick is in then stops. Brooke says more is ok so he pushes more.
"Let me get used to this for a minute."
"Ok. Let me know when to push more."
Sam kisses me. "This is so great to watch. Her first anal!"
She removes the dildo from her ass, licks it clean, and sets it aside before climbing on top of me in reverse cowgirl so we can both watch them. She lowers herself takes me inside all the way to my balls.
"You can go in more," Brooke says.
As we watch Nick slowly go further and further into Brooke's ass Sam begins moving up and down on my dick at a slow pace. I kiss her neck and her back as she fucks me. Brooke looks over at us and smiles.
"It's almost all the way in," Nick tells her.
"It hurts a little, but I kind of like the feeling. Stay there for a little bit."
"If this is as far as you want it then I can pull out and try to fuck you."
"Yeah, do that, but go slow. Maybe once you start going in and out you'll be able to go further.
Nick pulls back very slowly, but not all the way out, before pushing back in very slowly. Brooke moans as he does. He continues to do this very slowly.
"Baby, this feels so weird and different, but in a good way. I like it."
"I'm glad. Should I try to go in all the way?"
"Yes."
Nick starts pushing until he is buried balls deep in Brooke's ass.
"Is the whole thing in," she asks.
"All of it."
"Holy shit. I can't believe you got that whole thing in my ass and that it doesn't hurt much. It's kind of a good pain. Stay right there for a little. I like how it feels right now." He does and leans down to kiss her back and neck then reaches around to play with her clit.
"Fuccckkk. That feels so good," she says. "Keep doing that and now fuck my ass properly. Nick pulls out and pushes back in, this time a little faster than the last time. He repeats and asks if the speed is ok.
"Yes. Keep doing exactly what you are doing."
Sam and I watch as Brooke moans while Nick pulls out and reinserts his whole length with each thrust. Nick speeds up and tells Brooke to let him know if too fast.
"No. Keep doing it." Brooke leans up as Nick reaches around to grab her tits and kiss her neck while continuing to fuck her. He puts his hand around her throat and squeezes.
"Now that we know this is ok for you, you are not to cum until I tell you."
"Yes sir."
"What are you?"
"I'm your little slut."
"Wrong, what are you?"
"Your little anal slut."
"That's better."
"Use my ass and holes as you wish."
"I will, and now I want you to have both holes filled."
"Anything you want, sir."
"Hey Jack, would you come and lay down next to us?"
"Sure," I reply. Sam lifts off of me and I stand up. She sucks my dick before I walk over and lie down on the ground next to them. I see Brooke look down at me before she leans in for a kiss.
"Move your legs to get on top of Jack, but don't let me out of your ass." After a minute of maneuvering she is on top of me. I line my dick up at the entrance to her pussy and push in slowly.
"Holy fuck," Brooke exclaims. "This is so much better than a dick and a finger."
Nick and I alternate thrusts as I look over to Sam. She is fucking her ass with the dildo watching us. I look back to Brooke. Her eyes are closed and she is biting her lip while moaning. I grab her tits and lightly pinch her nipples before she opens her eyes. She leans down and we start making out as she gets double penetrated. Nick and I both speed up.
"I'm gonna cum. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't staaahhhhhhhh" Brooke screams as she orgasms. As she does Nick and I slow our pace but continue to fuck both of her holes.
"I want to see your face as you get fucked like this," Nick tells her.
"Ok."
Nick pulls out of her ass and she pulls off of me. She turns around to kiss Nick. "If you're gonna fuck my pussy we should probably wipe off your dick."
"Then wipe it off."
We don't have any towels or anything around and Brooke looks at Sam. "Would you...."
"I can if you really want me to, but I think you should find out what you taste like. You may like it and if not you will know and I will gladly help."
"I don't know. It's one thing having it in my ass, but my mouth right after?"
"Ok, no problem," Sam says. She gets off the couch and crawls over to us. She is next to Nick and as she leans down Brooke says "wait. I want to try it."
Sam sits back on the heels of her feet. Brooke leans down and lightly licks Nick's cock. She looks up at us. "It doesn't taste like much." She leans back down and takes the head of his cock into her mouth and then takes in a little more.
"It's not bad, actually," she says as she pulls back.
"Yeah, as long as you tidy up down there it won't be gross or anything for the most part. There's always gonna be that risk, but it's something you have to be ok with if getting into anal sex. We've had a couple times that we had to stop and clean up a little. It's just part of it and nothing to be embarrassed about if it ever happens."
She goes back and takes most of his dick into her mouth before sucking it while giving him a blowjob.
"Your first ass to mouth! Not as bad as you thought, right?"
"Honestly, it's a very subtle taste and I can't say I love it like you seem to, but it's not bad at all. It's actually pretty kinky."
"Yes it is, and I love it," Sam tells her.
"Now that I'm all cleaned up I want you to sit on Jack and take him into your ass and I will fuck your tight little pussy."
"Yes sir." Brooke gets on top of me reverse cowgirl as I guide my dick to her asshole. I push just the head in.
"Go at your pace," I tell her. She lowers herself bit by bit until I am fully in her ass. Nick is larger than me so I knew it would be easier for her this time. She spreads her legs open wide as Nick moves up closer. He puts his dick at the entrance to her pussy and pushes in.
"I love watching your face as you take two dicks," Nick tells her.
"I love this too."
Nick and I again start alternating thrusts as Sam moves over to the side of us and begins to kiss Brooke. After a bit she starts to kiss me and alternates between us as Brooke continues to get double penetrated.
"I'm going to cum pretty soon," Nick says aloud.
"Me too," I reply. I'm amazed I was able to last this long with these two amazing women."
"Same here buddy."
"Brooke what do you think of Nick cumming on my face and my dad cumming on yours?"
"You have been so great with me that I want to let you have it all. I know how much you love facials and cum and I want you to get covered by both of them as I watch."
"Are you sure," Sam asks.
"Yes. I'm guessing we will be doing this again and can change it up next time. Nick hasn't cum in 5 days and is gonna have a lot. I want to see it all on you if that's ok."
"It's more than ok. I love it and thank you so much. Yes, I love getting covered and can't wait to see what your man has for me."
"Oh, you'll see alright. Or actually, maybe you won't be able to." We all share a little laugh.
"Alright, I'm gonna cum at any moment," I tell them. Nick pulls out of Brooke before she pulls away from me. She stays on her knees as Sam gets next to her. Nick and I both stand up in front of Sam. The girls kiss as Nick and I stroke our cocks. I stroke faster and faster until I feel it about to come. I step up to Sam as she looks up at me with a big smile and eyes wide open. I shoot into her hair with the first shot then aim down and cum onto her forehead and eyes as she leaves them completely open, some cum getting into her left eye. I stroke a little longer and cum onto her cheeks and mouth before I am done. She leans in and sucks every last drop out while looking up at me.
"Ready," Nick asks.
"As ever."
Nick steps up and unloads a bullet of a first shot into her right eye, making her flinch, before covering her face with the next few ropes. Just when it seems he might be done a few more come out and he cums onto her hair and all over her face more. It's bigger than any cum shot I've ever given her and her face is completely covered. She has cum in both of her eyes and she sucks every drop out of Nick as well. She turns to Brooke.
"Holy shit. Your face is completely covered."
"Daddy, will you take a picture of me?"
"Sure baby." I grab my phone and snap a few pictures of Sam. Brooke scoots next to her and says tells me to get one with both of them. I snap a few of them smiling and looking into the camera as well as a few of them kissing and sharing cum.
"You said you like to leave it on right," Brooke asks.
"Yes. I love the feeling and love when it dries on too. I never want to wipe it off wherever it lands."
Brooke and Nick stand up. They kiss each other and say how fun this was.
"I agree. This was very fun," I tell them.
"I'm starving. Who else is hungry," Sam asks.
Everyone says they are.
"You're gonna cook and eat with all of that cum on your face?"
"Yup. Like I said, I like to let it dry on. The more you hang out with us the more you'll see me like this."
After Sam and I make us dinner we all sit down to eat. Nick and I are dressed and the girls are still nude. "So what's the plan after dinner?"
"I have an idea," Sam says.