Women have every right in the world to get fed up with their men's fascination with football. Most women, however, do little about this. They continue to feel left out and they suffer through the football season year after year. Here, however, is the story of four women who did something about it using their sexuality. And, almost incredibly, they did it while holding on to high moral standards.
*
The BBQ was over and four women sat out on the patio having been abandoned by their husbands. The husbands were inside enthusiastically watching a preseason football game being played by their favorite teams. It would be a great season, they all agreed, and they did not intend to miss a single Sunday game on the TV.
The women outside were also in agreement, but the agreement was on quite a different point. They were in agreement that it was going to be a long season during which their husbands would be glued to the TV screen and they would be abandoned. This week it was at one of their houses and for the next game they would be at another one of their houses, and on it would go.
All four couples were otherwise very compatible. All in their late twenties, they had a great deal in common with up and coming careers and without the burdens of children or aging parents. The women really did look great and everyone would agree that the men were handsome as well. They had one more interesting thing in common, and this was each couple had their first names starting with the same letter. There was Aileen and Alex, Debbie and Dave, Jennifer and Josh, and Sylvia and Sam. They lived not far apart in a better suburban area than most, and they had good jobs.
"You know, I think that we ought to do something about this problem," Jennifer said. "I am tired of putting up with it."
"But what can we do about it?" replied Sylvia. "We are powerless to change this around."
"Isn't there something more powerful than football?" Debbie asked. "We certainly ought to be able to think of something."
"I can think of something," Aileen piped up. And then she waited to see how the other women would respond. At first, there was no response from anyone, and then finally they all asked Aileen what she was she had in mind. Her response was a single word, "Sex."
As might be guessed, the other women quickly asked what she had in mind. She in turn, didn't know exactly what she had in mind. However, as their discussion picked up energy, she pointed out what all the women knew, namely, that their husbands' sex drives were all very strong. They, as wives, were the source of sexual satisfaction for their husbands. So, why couldn't they use this power and make the game days a lot more interesting for them while getting their husbands to focus upon them at least in part rather than just on the tube?
No doubt about it, there was a lot of truth in Aileen's argument. As discussion of the matter unfolded, it was evident that all of them were quite willing to use their sexuality to achieve the goal at hand with touching of the other husbands and maybe even some kissing and fondling. However, their values were such that none of them wanted to actually have sex with anyone other than their husbands nor for their husbands to have sex with anyone other than themselves. With complete agreement on this point, the conversation continued.
Noting that there were four husbands and four quarters to a game, Sylvia asked, "Look, why don't we pull into the bedroom one of our husbands during each quarter of the game and together give him a sexual time that is so good that he will naturally think about us rather than just the game? Each quarter takes about 30 minutes to play, and so we would have plenty of time. When we got done with each of these guys, the thing that they will remember most about the day was us, not some touchdown play."
All agreed that this was a good idea, but how could they make it happen? Finally, Aileen came up with a key idea. "Why don't we plan some sexual play with them which capitalizes on the fact that there will be four of us women in the room with only one man. I'll bet that we can do some things in this situation which we can't do alone that would drive our men wild."
Debbie agreed. "Dave has said on a number of occasions how much he wished that someone would watch us having sex. Actually, I have wondered if it might not be exciting as well. I could haul him into the bedroom, we could strip him naked together, and I could have sex with him in front of the three of you. Not only would it make one of his dreams come true, but I suspect that all of you would enjoy it as well."
They all agreed that they would enjoy it, and Jennifer then said, "Actually, one of Josh's fantasies has been that he would be raped by several beautiful women. So, if you were all willing, we could all tie him down on his back, oil him up, and all go after him until he shoots out all he has got. That ought to give him a buzz!"
Again, there was general agreement that they wouldn't at all mind doing that to Josh. Actually, Josh really did appear to be a stud, and the situation that Jennifer described started to get the juices of all of them going with dampness between the legs apparent to every one of them. At last, they would get a really good look at (and feel of) his cock.
Then Aileen admitted that Alex had several times expressed to her a wish to have his rump assaulted by beautiful women, first by bare hands, then a paddle, and finally by a belt. Followed, of course, by a rape. "And he has always stressed that he wants these actions to be vigorous," she said. She then admitted to them that they had a femdom relationship, and that she had spanked him on a number of occasions with real enjoyment by both Alex and herself.
At last it was Sylvia's turn to share about Sam's fantasies. Sylvia was hesitant to do it, and looked down at the patio floor as she began to talk in a somewhat halting fashion not at all characteristic of her. Actually, she was embarrassed. "I'm not sure what Sam would like the most in a situation where there are several women because he has never expressed such a fantasy to me. However, I can tell you what I would like to do to him in such a situation. I would like for us to take turns removing his clothes one piece at a time, with kisses and fondling. Then once naked, I would like for him to be tied to the bed and all his pubic hair to be shaved off. The reason for this is because he has such a big bush down there that I have never been able to have good oral sex with him because of all the hair. I do not really think he would object to this too much, but I have not had the courage to tie him down and do the job myself. If we all did it together, I would actually appreciate it."
Everyone agreed that this plan would be put into effect at the next game which was two weeks away. That would be the opening game of the regular season. Each agreed that they would warn their husband that he would be called away from the TV for a quarter of the game and that the "girls" had something special planned for him in the bedroom that he would like. Each of the women would also be responsible to bring any props they needed for the session with their man. All were truly excited about getting this plan in place, and truth be known, there were some sleepless nights as the women fantasized about how the next session might go.
Two weeks later
The two weeks passed and the four couples again assembled at the rather grand house of Aileen and Alex. The BBQ came first and then the game. As usual, the women brought the goodies for the BBQ, but each of the also brought a small bag of mysterious items. The men came with their great enthusiasm for the football game, but each of them also had a question in his mind about what would happen that afternoon based upon conversations their wives had had with them. Each of them had heard something about getting called out for part of the game to be with the women, but none of them really understood what this might entail. Actually, the women did not entirely understand it either.
After the BBQ the men adjourned to the living room for the pregame show on the big TV, and the women all went to the master bedroom suite. The suite was a big one with a king sized bed and with a sitting space as well. Aileen had put a nice single roll away bed in the sitting space around which the women could easily gather while ministering to one of their men on the bed. There was also two walk in closets in the suite, and a bathroom having a double shower, a Jacuzzi tub big enough for two people, two toilets and two sinks.
Note should be made that each of the women was dressed in a summer outfit of an open top and a short skirt or a light summer dress. All outfits were just a little provocative, but not too obvious. None of them wore pants or shorts that day. What none of them knew was the fact that each of them had elected not to wear anything under their skirts or dresses. Nothing at all.
The women set down to discuss the strategy for the afternoon. One at a time, the wife of each man would go and get him from the TV room and bring him to the bedroom. They would then proceed with him as per plan. All the plans were reviewed and agreed upon by everyone. Each man would be in the bedroom for approximately one quarter of the game.
Just one question remained. How would they decide who would go first? They discussed various answers to this question, but eventually they decided that it might be best to do Josh first simply because the procedure planned for him seemed to be the least complicated of all—a rape, pure and simple. Although Jennifer was a bit reluctant to be the first to go out and call for her man, she was willing to do it.
First quarter
Immediately after the kickoff, Jennifer appeared in the living room and loudly enough for all the men to hear, she called out, "Josh, come with me!" While Josh protested and wanted to watch the game, by the firmness of her voice and gesture, he knew that he had no choice, and he slowly got up and followed Jennifer to the bedroom.
Once in the bedroom, Jennifer firmly shut the door. Josh could see that all four women were there and that they were fully clothed, so this couldn't be too bad and maybe it would not take too long so he could get back to the game. Jennifer said to Josh, "It is time for you and for all the guys to realize that we women are more important than your dumb football game. We can give you a lot more satisfaction than any game, and we are going to do it now."
Jennifer then pointed toward a chair, and said, "Sit down!" Josh slowly complied knowing that he was outnumbered and that there was little use in attempting to protest that he was missing part of the game.
"The first thing that we are going to do is to strip you naked. I will start by removing your shoes and socks." Jennifer did just that, and then she said, "Stand up." Josh complied. By prearrangement, Aileen came over, looked Josh in the eyes, and kissed him fully on the lips. He was surprised, too surprised to kiss back. Then Aileen slowly unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. Finally, she put her hand on his cock through his pants and massaged it slowly for a full 20 seconds. Then she returned to her seat.
Debbie then arose, came over and looked him in the eye but did not kiss him. Instead, she fondled him thoroughly in the groin, to the point that he groaned. Then she took off his undershirt, pulling it over his head. The she returned to her seat.
Sylvia stood up and came over, walking around Josh twice, stroking his cock each time she went around. She then quickly unbuttoned his trousers and let them drop to the floor. Josh was impacted by such a bold move, but before he could complain, Sylvia grabbed his cock through his shorts and held on firmly for half a minute. By the time she was done, he had a prominent tent in front of his shorts which was amply evident to everyone. Then she had him step out of his trousers, and she returned to her seat.
It was up to his wife to do the final honors. Jennifer came up and gave him a long and truly impassioned kiss. Then she gently dropped his drawers and had him step out of them. With a voice of triumph, she the proceeded to parade him around in front of the other women, indicating how proud she was of his cock and how it was now theirs to ravage.
Jennifer took him over to the single bed and told him to lie down on his back. He thought of refusing this command, but with all the women standing around that would be useless. As might be guessed, Josh was not thinking about the football game just then. Actually, he was quite impacted by this change of events and he was also nervous about what was to happen next. In addition to having lost his clothing in very few minutes, he was especially impacted by the aggressive grabbing of his cock. He knew that such actions might very well mean that what was to follow might be aggressive and perhaps painful and that the worst might lie ahead.
Immediately, ropes were brought out and the four women tied him securely to the bed. With his legs widely spread, he could not move an inch in any direction.
"All right," said Jennifer. "Let's go for it."
"Let's go for what?" said Josh with an obvious quiver in his voice. "I don't think I agreed to this."
"You didn't have to agree to it, honey, because I agreed to it," replied Jennifer. "You are about to be vigorously raped by a series of beautiful women. Do you see anything wrong with that?"
Josh didn't actually see anything wrong with that but he didn't respond either as he was truly worried as to what would happen next. The most important part of his body was hard as a rock and pointing directly up to the ceiling, and he knew that he was in the most vulnerable position in which he had ever been in his entire life.
"Not hearing any objection, let's get on with it," declared Jennifer. "Debbie, I want you to get between his legs and give his balls continuing stimulation. Do not stop at all until well after Josh ejaculates. Sylvia and Aileen, get on each side of him, oil him up and oil your hands up, and let's see what those four hands can do. I will stay at his head and work with that."
Everyone got in position, and the stimulation began. So absolutely exciting was this situation for Josh that it was clear that he would ejaculate within seconds if they did not slow down. Aileen and Sylvia sensed this and stopped after a dozen strokes while Debbie continued to stimulate his balls without a pause. Jennifer held his head tightly and was nibbling at an ear.
After he had settled down a little, Aileen and Sylvia did another dozen strokes on his cock and then paused again in order to prevent an ejaculation. Josh became increasingly excited and the next time they could only get in eight strokes without sending him over. When Josh expressed frustration that he had not been allowed to come, Jennifer calmly said, "This is all part of the rape, dear. They will not send you over until I tell them that they can. And that is not going to be for a while." Josh was none too pleased, but as he could do nothing the women were pleased in a devilish sort of way.
A few strokes were followed by a pause a half dozen more times, and each time Josh was denied the pleasure of an ejaculation. He was getting more and more agitated, especially with the continuing stimulation of his balls, but there was no relief in sight. Finally, Jennifer said, "Rape him, girls," and they went to work on him vigorously.
In less than 10 seconds, he experienced the most powerful ejaculation of his life. The first squirt went high in the air and came down just under his chin. At that moment, Jennifer bit him sharply on the right earlobe. As his body convulsed, the sudden pain brought on an even more violent second shot than the first, and as he yelled with the pain, some of his baby batter landed in his own mouth! The third squirt was less powerful than the second, but it still fell well up on his chest. There were a total of seven jets of semen which emerged from his cock, and he cried out through them all. Jennifer had forgotten to tell the girls that he would cry out during the ejaculation, and he certainly did and to the point that the men in the other room heard it. They looked at each other with questions on their faces, but then went back to the game.
After the ejaculation was complete, everyone around Josh waited a full minute until he calmed down and his breathing got back to normal. Then they untied him and cleaned him up. He stood up and Jennifer said, "Before you can put your clothes on, your rapists will mark your body." She had him turn around.
Aileen immediately stepped forward. She bit him in the middle of his right butt cheek, leaving a definite hickie on it. He winced but did not move. Next it was Debbie who bit him on the same cheek, but a couple of inches above Aileen's bite. She bit harder. Finally, Sylvia bit him a couple of inches below Aileen's bite and she bit harder yet. Quite a sight, those three bites in a row, with the other cheek left entirely unmarked.
The session complete, they watched him dress himself except for his briefs which Jennifer put in her purse. She pointed out to him that by the end of the afternoon, none of the men would have shorts on them. Actually, of course, no one would have anything on in the groin area.
Josh got up to go back to the living room, but before he left, he said, "I want to thank you all for one of the most enjoyable times of my life." Then he kissed each one of them in turn, fondled his wife, and left the room.
After he left, the women cleaned up the bed and put the things away, talking about how things had gone. They were all very pleased about what had happened, and they would not have done anything differently. All that was left was to decide who would go next, an important decision as the second quarter was just beginning.
Second quarter
Josh went out and sat down with the other guys just as the second quarter was beginning. The guys looked at him questioningly. Finally, Dave said to him, "Was that you who yelled in there?" Josh said that it was, but he offered no explanation for the yell or any description of what had happened to him. Dave then asked if there was something wrong with Josh's ear, but he did not have to respond as just then Debbie appeared.
"Dave, your presence in the bedroom is required," Debbie said in a very firm tone. However, Dave did not get up. It was not as though he did not want to go with his wife, but, well, he was uncertain as to what would happen to him if he did go. A more pressing question soon arose, however, and this was what might happen to him if he did not go, for she spoke to him again more firmly yet as she reached over in front of Sam, grabbed Dave's arm, and jerked on it. He went with her, and on the way to the bedroom she spoke quietly to him so that no one else could hear and assured him that everything would be OK.
At this point, two things could for certain be said about Dave. First, he was not thinking about the football game. Second, he wasn't really assured by Debbie's comment. Josh hadn't yelled for nothing—what was that all about?
In the bedroom, Dave found the other three women seated and fully clothed although, of course, in their rather sexy outfits. They greeted him warmly and waved him towards a seat while Debbie firmly closed the door. Then Debbie took charge.
"Dave, we women have concluded that it is high time for all you guys to realize that we are more important to you than that stupid game. We can give you a lot more satisfaction than that game, and we are going to do it now. First, however, you need to lose all your clothes." With that, Debbie took off his shoes and socks, and then she rose herself to give him a prolonged and passionate kiss. Then, with a smile, she stepped back.
As per plan, Sylvia came over and told Dave to rise. She unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. When he started to protest, she planted a kiss on his lips and this stopped his talking. Then she stepped aside.
Debbie then stood in front of him. She slowly unbuttoned her summer blouse and tossed it aside. Then once again she passionately kissed Dave. And then, exactly as before, she stood aside.
Aileen then came, put her arms around Dave and hugged him warmly. When she felt him relax, she took off his undershirt, revealing a highly muscular hunk of a man that would attract the attention of any woman.
Once Aileen was seated, Debbie again stood in front of her husband and kissed him warmly. Then she stepped back and slowly removed her bra. Stepping closer to Dave, she took his hands and put them on her breasts, signifying that she wanted him to caress them.
Somewhere about here, Dave started to realize that no harm was meant him and that Debbie was actually helping him to realize one of his fantasies, namely, to have sex with his wife in front of an audience. So, he caressed her breasts, looked at her warmly in her eyes, and then threw his arms around her as he kissed her passionately. Then she stepped back, unbuckled his pants and dropped them to the floor. He in turn pulled her short skirt to the floor and to his surprise found that she was naked under that skirt. If only he had known earlier! His cock sprung into life as was evident to all as she dropped his shorts to the floor.
Instead of hopping into bed right away, Debbie grabbed her husband by the cock and paraded him around in front of the other women showing him off. Indeed, he was a most attractive man, and as the women confirmed with each other later, it was right then that the moisture between each set of their legs became obvious to them.
After the parade, it was time for the bed, and Dave and Debbie jumped on it and began to frolic in a most playful way. The other three women first sat some feet away and watched, but they soon decided that there was no reason why they could not stand next to the bed and get a better view.
First, Debbie got on top of Dave and turned him on his side, exposing his ass fully. Then, she gently but firmly sucked and bit each cheek, putting a hickie of on each them. Dave winced at the pain and he turned the tide by forcibly getting on top of her. She was, of course, no match for his superior strength, and while she fought this sudden change of position, she loved it.
Dave then put one of her nipples in his mouth and gave it a workout. She cried out just a bit and when he let go, everyone could see why—she had some teeth marks on her breast. But, instead of giving up on this, Dave went to the other breast and did the same thing. When she vocalized again, he only smiled and looked at her adoringly. She squirmed.
Then he went to her ear, put his tongue in it and began to wash the insider of it with his tongue. That was too much for her, so she said, "No!" and wrestled him off her and instead she got on top of him. He deliberately turned an ear towards her as if to ask for the same wash job, but instead she bit his earlobe. It was his turn to cry out, but instead he smiled at her and turned his other ear towards her, almost daring her to bite it. She took up the challenge and bit that earlobe as well. Both earlobes turned red.
From this point forward, things went into high gear between them. They began to screw likely newlyweds and soon he was on top of her with her legs spread. A single thrust entry on his part brought an exquisite groan from her and the mating began with earnest. Both were so excited that it was clear that it could not last long. Regular thrusting lasted for less than a minute before Debbie suddenly cried out and used both of her legs to pull him into her and to hold him there. She could not have done it at a better time as he burst into a series of ejaculations at that very second and she had her orgasm at precisely the same time. A perfect screw!
As their breathing slowed down, Dave looked around with a big smile on this face, and he winked at the three women standing around. When they finally disengaged and were ready to get off the bed, Aileen suggested that the couple adjourn to the bathroom where she had drawn hot water in the big tub. They all went to the bathroom, got the couple in the tub, and put towels within ready reach. Then the three women left the couple in peace, closing the bathroom door quietly behind them.
Half time
The three women went out to be with their husbands and to check on the game. It was only five minutes until half time and they all sat down together. The game was actually quite a good one and fairly exciting but the men were not as interested as usual. Alex and Sam still did not understand what had happened to Josh who sat there and who seemed lost in thought. Further, Dave's fate was unknown as he had disappeared into the bedroom and had not been seen since.
Finally, Alex said, "Is Dave OK? We have not seen him for a while."
Sylvia answered, "Oh, yes. He's fine." Then, to increase the tension a bit, she added, "At least I think that he is fine, probably. Well, maybe."
Just then it was half time and the women got up to get more drinks out of the refrigerator and to replenish the goodies. Once in the kitchen, they winked at each other without saying anything. They knew that they had gotten the attention of their men, and they were just devilish enough about the matter to ride it out a bit.
Right before the second half kickoff, Debbie and Dave came in. "Are you guys all right," Alex asked.
"Why sure, said Darlene. Why wouldn't we be?"
"Just wondered," responded Alex. "Just hadn't seen you for a while, that is all."
Dave got some goodies and sat down, but he did not ask about the game and even if his team was winning or losing. He seemed lost in thought. So, Alex and Sam looked at each other and both signaled to the other that they had no idea what was going on.
Third quarter
When the third quarter was about to start, all four women adjourned to the bedroom and reviewed plans for the next quarter. They decided that Alex would be next and they knew what they wanted to do to him.
Aileen came out of the bedroom to the men, and said so that all could hear, "Alex, you are next. Come with me." Without protest, Alex got up obediently and following his wife to the bedroom.
Sam was the only man yet to be called, and when he saw Alex's ready compliance, his heart sank as he realized that his last potential ally was now gone. The rather emphatic shut of the bedroom door raised further questions in his mind about what was happening behind that door, but it did not seem good to him. While he turned back to the TV, the truth is that he did not enjoy much of the third quarter of the game despite some amazing plays. And while Josh and Dave were watching the game, they did not seem to be as engrossed in it as usual.
Back in the bedroom, Aileen directed Alex to be seated. Then she said, "Alex, we women don't mind that you guys are enthusiastic about football, but we think that you have gone overboard on the sport. You need to be remembering that we are important too. So, today we are drawing the attention of each one of you to this fact. First, we will strip you naked."
Aileen removed Alex's shoes and socks and stepped back, telling Alex to stand up. Sylvia came over next, kissed him straight on, gave his cock a single stroke, and then took off his shirt. Debbie was next and she hugged him tightly, then removed his undershirt and finally stroked his cock six times before squeezing it and sitting down.
Jennifer then took the honor of removing his pants. She made a little fuss over it and knelt in front of him. First, she stroked his cock and then she unbuckling his pants and let them drop to the floor. Finally, she stroked his cock repeatedly through his briefs.
As planned, Aileen had the delightful task of removing his briefs to show all the ladies what she enjoyed every day of their married life. As she led him around, he was embarrassed but she was proud. His erection was enviable, hard as a rock, and with its veins sticking out aggressively.
It was now time for the activity that Aileen knew that Alex craved but that he would never ask for, a spanking by beautiful women. Erotic discomfort was a real turn on for him, so she stroked him a few more times and then had him immediately lay down on the roll away bed on his stomach to the great discomfort of his cock. All four women immediately came up and tied all four extremities to the bed with his legs spread. Once tied, he could not move any arm or leg even one inch.
"OK, Alex, these women are going to spank you, just as you have fantasized," said Aileen. Alex began to shake from excitement and his mouth went dry. "First," she said, "Debbie is going to hand spank you." Alex's shaking got worse.
Debbie pulled up a chair to the bed and sat down for what could be a long episode. Saying nothing, she began a slow and firm spanking, one buttock and then the other, one and then the other. After a dozen swats, she stopped to assess the damage. Both cheeks had turned a rather distinct shade of pink. Alex was clearly in discomfort. Then she did it again, another 12 blows. She stood up and considered her job done. Under his breath, Alex was heard to say, "Nice."
Sylvia was next. All that Aileen said to Alex was, "Now the paddle." Sylvia knew that she had permission to whack Alex only a dozen times and she also knew that the paddle she had was fairly heavy and big enough to get both buttocks at once. Thus, she swung it with only a moderate amount of force, and she delivered the strokes slowly. When she was done, his buttocks were not just pink but a deep red. After some seconds of recovery, Alex said, "Best spanking I've ever had."
Finally, it was Jennifer's turn. Aileen said to Alex, "Now we are going to leave a few marks on your bottom."
"Could I have a gag for my mouth?" asked Alex. "Unless, of course, you don't care if I cry out."
"What do you think, Jennifer?" asked Aileen. "Would you like to hear him cry out or should I give him a gag to keep him quiet?"
Jennifer thought a minute. "Let him cry out. That way I will have some idea as to how hard I am hitting him." Jennifer knew that she was entitled only to whip him six times with the belt she had been handed, a belt that in fact was Alex's.
She doubled the belt over and with the two ends of the belt in her hand, she aimed for Alex's bottom with a blow what she thought would be about the right intensity. However, since she had never whipped a naked man with a belt, the blow was too light, and Aileen said, "Too light; that one doesn't count."
The subsequent blows were harder but by no means vicious and Jennifer did not wish to hurt Alex. On three of the six strokes, Alex did cry out, and as was obvious to the women standing by, these were the three that left red marks on his bottom which would later turn into bruises. He said nothing, but it was clear that his bottom burned from the distress one could see on his face.
The spanking over, the three other women untie Alex while Aileen got some baby oil on her hands and also pushed it up his anus. She then began to rub Alex on the butt gently on his sore bottom, but with every stroke or two she would put one thumb or the other up his anus. It was obvious that Alex loved the rubbing and he murmured quietly.
After a full three minutes of rubbing, Aileen toweled him off and said, "Turn over, honey." Gingerly, very gingerly, he turned over. His cock was only half erect, not surprising in view of the circumstances.
Then Aileen gave him the only option they would give any of the men that day. "Would you like to have an ejaculation, and would like these beautiful women to help you have it?"
"Yes, I would love to have an ejaculation," Alex responded immediate. "As to who will do it..." then he thought a minute, "I would like just you to do it because you do such a great job. I am happy to have the other women look on, of course. But, you do the work, honey, and maybe they could take a lesson in how to do this from you." "In case they don't know how to do it," he added in a playful and taunting manner.
Of course, Alex was saying exactly the right thing to his wife and she was really feeling gratified. Here he was preferring her to three other very good looking women and turning down her invitation to a very erotic contact with them. So, just to be sure that he really meant it, Aileen said, "Are you sure, Alex? You are turning down a chance to get fondled by some truly beautiful women."
Alex immediately responded, "I am sure, Aileen. I want you to do it. If you like, they can sit on either side of me and maybe one at my head, but it is you and you only who gets my cock."
Everyone took position, and the session began. Aileen had done this many times to Alex and she knew exactly what he wanted. With his left arm held by Sylvia, his right arm by Debbie, and his head held by Jennifer, the stimulation began. Aileen began slowly with oil on his cock, but he was fully erect almost immediately.
"Wow, you are really excited," Aileen said. "I've got to be careful not to send you over too soon." Then, she did a masterful series of maneuvers on his cock and balls, never fully stopping but never letting him ejaculate either. Alex had his eyes closed, groaning softly. The Aileen nodded to the women that she was going to go for it. Immediately, Debbie and Sylvia tightened their grips on his arms and hands and Jennifer tightened her hold on his head. His eyes flew open as the stimulation on his cock increased dramatically.
In less than 30 seconds, the inevitable happened. Everyone tightened their grip on him, he vocalized loudly, and the ejaculation began. In many respects it was similar to Josh's ejaculation with huge squirts of baby batter shot up in the air and coming down near his chin. His whole chest was covered before it was over, and then everyone gradually relaxed.
In a single word, he summarized the experience. "Incredible!" he said.
After a cleanup, they dressed him, but without his shorts, and he went out and very slowly and gingerly slipped into a seat with the other men.
Fourth quarter.
"Are you OK, Alex?" asked Sam, especially when he saw how gingerly Alex sat down. At first, Alex didn't respond, but then he eventually said that he was fine, and he seemed OK but he was preoccupied and he didn't instantly get back to the game as would be expected.
Just then, Sylvia came and called Sam to go to the bedroom with her. Now I ask you, what would you do if you were Sam? He looked at his three friends and none of them seemed quite the same as usual. They were watching the game alright, but they were just not involved as much as usual. So, what should he conclude? He said, "Sylvia, look at these guys. They have all had a trip to the bedroom and now they have no interest in the game and spend part of the time staring at the ceiling. Did you guys give them drugs, or what?"
"No drugs," said Sylvia, but each one of them had a wonderful sex time, and they are still enjoying thinking about it." When all of them admitted that Sylvia was correct, Sam was convinced and said that he would just have to go with Sylvia and see what this was all about.
Once the bedroom door was closed, Sylvia had Sam take a seat. "I know that you have been wondering what has been going on in here, so let me tell you. We women think that you guys are just too involved in football and to the point that you do not pay any attention to us when a game is on. We don't mind you enjoying a game, but you need to recognize that we are on the same planet while you are doing this. To show that we are more important than any football game, we have provided each of the guys an excellent sex time today, and we want to provide that for you as well."
"How are you going to do that?" Sam asked, reservedly.
"What would you like, Sam? I have something in mind, but I would like to know what you would enjoy." It was a bit risky to ask Sam what he might like, but Sylvia was betting that he would not come up with anything and that he would be willing to go along with whatever she wanted.
Sam thought for a couple of minutes. "I guess I don't have anything that I have ever fantasized about with more women than just you, Sylvia. I really don't have anything in mind that I would like. So, I would say let's do whatever you have in mind."
"Does that mean you will go along with whatever I want?" asked Sylvia.
"Yes, honey. If you think it will be good for our relationship, let's do it." Sylvia said she was certain that it would be good for their relationship, and Sam said let's go ahead.
"OK, great," said Sylvia. To make this happen, the first thing we need to do is to remove your clothes." She did not say, "strip you naked" as she thought this would scare him off. She proceeded to take off his shoes and socks, and she then pointed out that the other women would help her.
Exactly as with the other three men, the women took turns removing his clothing down to his shorts. While each got a swipe or two in on his cock, all realized that he was a bit more sensitive and that they would have to go slower. This worked, and by the time he got down to his shorts, he was showing signs of a distinct erection.
"Now I want to show these girls what you have really got in here because I am very proud of it" Sylvia said as she pointed to his shorts. Sam turned red from embarrassment as he suddenly realized that his very manhood was about to be revealed. Since he was red headed, it was somehow a match.
Then Sylvia slowly pulled down his shorts. What the other three women saw surprised them. To be sure there was the usual cock which was not much different from the others they had seen that day. What was different was the amazing rug of red hair that Sam showed. It was thick and heavy, just like the hair on his head. It was an absolute blanket of hair and the cock peeking out through it.
No wonder Sylvia wanted it removed. Oral sex would have been very difficult and certainly not very satisfying as one would have run into the thick blanket of hair with even a medium long stroke with the lips. All three women nodded to Sylvia that she was right and that the hair should be shaved off.
Sylvia turned to Sam and said, "I'd really like to give you good head, but you have so much hair down there that I can't do it. Would you be willing for us to shave it off so that both of us could get some real satisfaction from this method of having sex? Thus far, it has never worked very well in our marriage."
Sam thought a moment and then said, "OK, honey. If you think it will help, let's try it. If it doesn't work, I can grow it back."
Sam's consent was all that was needed. He was directed to lay on his back on the bed and the three women gathered around with shaving cream and two safety razors. After lathering him up, Debbie and Jennifer went to work on his mound, each with a safety razor. Aileen lathered up his cock and began to stroke it slowly, keeping it and his balls out of the way of the razors. While they worked, Sylvia held Sam's head and whispered in his ear how much this was going to add to their sex life. For his part, Sam just held still and enjoyed the stroking his was getting.
While Debbie and Jennifer were very good with the razors, it still took them nearly five minutes to shave Sam clean and also around his testicles. Once done, they washed him off with warm water and presented him to Sylvia. Sylvia was immensely pleased and complimented them on their work. Then she had Sam sit up and check it out himself. He, however, was shocked at how naked he looked. For years he had a blanket behind which he could "hide," but now he was totally exposed. "Gee, I'm really naked, he said. Everyone can see me and I have nothing to hide behind." Of course, everyone laughed just a bit, but in part because it was so, so true.
Sylvia came to the rescue. "Oh, honey, I think that you look wonderful! This is just how I have longed to see you for so long. I want to give you the kind of head that you have never had in your entire life, and I want to do it now!"
Sam didn't say anything to this, but he did not have to as his cock, which had gotten a bit limp, sprung to attention and pointed to the ceiling, pulsing and with its veins standing out.
Sylvia went to work in the most exquisite way possible, stimulating and teasing, licking and sucking. She even tried to deep throat Sam two or three times, but this was not very successful as she had no experience at doing that. Gradually, she got him closer and closer to the line, but with plenty of backoffs and pauses to prolong his pleasure and increase his tension. Finally, she figured it was time to go for it, and she began a series of strokes that she continued until he ejaculated. As he squirted in her mouth again and again, she swallowed again and again. At last, they both rested, truly satisfied.
After a cleanup, Sam was brought to his feet and the four of them dressed him, but he was denied his shorts. Then, everyone went out to the game which was in the last minute of play.
The postgame show
With the game over, everyone relaxed for a minute and then Aileen turned the TV off. Standing in front of them all, she got their attention and said, "We hope that you have really enjoyed our time together today. The game is important, for sure, but we also hope that the activities in the bedroom this afternoon have drawn your attention to the fact that we women are just as important to you guys. Have we succeeded?"
There were nods all the way around the room, and it was evident that the point had really gotten across.
"Now I know that you guys have really been wondering what happened to the other guys back in the bedroom," said Aileen. "Right?" The men all nodded vigorously. "Well, you can ask your wives when you get home, but every one of them knows exactly what happened to every one of you."
Aileen gave time for this to sink in because she wanted each man to know that it was his wife who had the information. Each man should, after all, be looking up to his wife.
However, Aileen was also a tease, and she enjoyed being in a dominant position, especially regarding men. So, she added, "However, I am willing to give you men all a couple of hints." The men were obviously very interested.
"The first hint is that all of you men are naked inside your pants right now. Your shorts were taken off and never returned to you. Your wives have them, and they will give them back at whatever time they decide." Aileen was having a great time tormenting the men. Only gradually did it become apparent to them that not only had every one of their buddies been stripped in the bedroom, but their own wives had seen it all and goodness knows, maybe had actually done it to the other men.
After giving a minute for the first hint to sink in, Aileen continued. "The second hint of what happened back there is that we marked every one of your bodies. That's right, each one of you have one or more marks on you which you will have for some days as a result of what happened in the bedroom to you. Some of you have marks which are obvious even with all your clothes on, but ALL of you also have marks which at the moment are hidden under your clothes."
Josh and Dave immediately became the focus of attention as one of Josh's ear lobes and both of Dave's were red. Somebody, but who had bit on them? You can be sure that Aileen did not provide any answer to their queries.
"Would you like to know more about the marks under the clothes?" she asked. The men were interested because they wanted to know what had happened to the other men besides themselves, and the women were curious as to how it had turned out as well.
"Perhaps we should have a postgame show, shall we say, in order to answer that question," Aileen went quipped. "Of course, only if you guys are willing—I don't want to force you into something you don't want to do. Anyone willing to show everyone the marks under your clothes?"
There was a pause, just as would be expected. Finally, Dave stood up and said that he would be willing to share what had happened to him and to show his marks. He pointed out that he had always been interested in having someone observe him and Debbie having sex, and that Debbie had some interest in that as well. He was pleased to find that his clothes were removed by a fine bevy of women, but even more pleased when given the chance to have unbridled sex with Debbie in front of the other three women. The fact that the three women stood right by the side of the bed was even more exciting, and in the frolics that followed, Debbie had bit him on both cheeks and on both earlobes. Everyone could see his red earlobes, and when he turned around and dropped his pants, everyone could see his cheek bites as well.
"Wow, you really got him," said Sylvia. "I didn't realize that you bit him that hard. It must have hurt."
"It did hurt," said Dave, "but it added to the excitement of the situation, and we had one of the best sex sessions we have ever had today, and I absolutely loved it." Debbie nodded her agreement. Dave pulled up his pants and sat down, rather gingerly, to be sure.
It was time for another man to share, but none of them stood up. Finally, Aileen asked if Alex would like to share. He replied, "Only if you really want me to, Mistress." She nodded that this was what she wanted, and Alex stood up just a little slowly and with a bit of a grimace on his face.
"You may have noticed that Aileen and I have a bit different of a relationship than most couples," Alex began. "It is a femdom relationship where she wears the pants in the family, so to speak. She is a natural leader and I am a follower. It gives us both pleasure to fulfill those roles, and while she always considers my opinion, she has the final word in most decisions in our marriage."
Alex continued. "If I do not have the right attitude or do not behave properly, I can expect to be disciplined, and sometimes I am disciplined even when I have been perfect. I am commonly spanked, and I love it. A few months ago I happened to mention to Aileen that I would enjoy being spanked by other beautiful women, and I think that this led to what happened today."
"After being stripped, I was laid on a bed and tied to it." After a pause, Alex went on. "I'll admit I was excited as Aileen rarely does this to me, and it is quite special. Also, I knew exactly what about to happen to me. I started to quiver. I do not know which of you ladies administered the hand spanking, but you did a good job, and I am sure that I was quite pink when you got done. The administration of the wooden paddle was next, and again I do not know which of you did it, but it was masterful. Just right in intensity. Whoever did it should try it on her husband—he might like it. Finally, the several strokes with the belt did exactly what was intended which I will now show you." And with that, he turned around and dropped his pants.
There was a universal "Oh, my!" from the audience as ever pair of eyes saw four or five distinct bruises across his butt. They weren't really welts, but they were distinct lines where the belt had encountered his flesh. After allowing everyone a good look, he pulled up his pants, secured them, and turned around. "Overall, I loved how I was treated, and I will be reminded of the great time I had for several days to come until the bruises go away." Then Alex sat down, ever so gingerly.
After a pause, everyone turned towards Sam, and he was the only man who had not shown his marks. He had not planned to get up, but he felt compelled to do so and to say at least something. "I have no fantasies of being connected with a small group of beautiful women, and Sylvia is enough for me. However, she has made a request of me several times which I did not heed and which has now happened to me and which I can now see is of benefit to our relationship."
Sam paused to formulate his thoughts. "As you can tell, I have a lot of hair, and that is true all over my body. In the pubic area the hair has been very thick and heavy, like a blanket really. Sylvia has wanted to perform oral sex on me, but the hair has made it difficult. Today, while Sylvia watched, the other three of you ladies shaved off every bit of it. Then, after I was cleaned up, for the first time Sylvia was able to perform oral sex on me. She loved it and I loved it, and we are very happy. Here is what I look like now." Then, he unbuckled his trousers and let them drop to the floor.
He was shaved as bare and as smooth as a billard ball. The shaved area really stood out in comparison with his legs and elsewhere as there was plenty of hair there. "Looks like I can't hide any more, doesn't it?" he said. And indeed, his cock was truly obvious, and it began to respond to all the stares so that after a few seconds he pulled up his pants and ended the postgame show.
"Thanks, guys," said Aileen as she stood up. "You put on a great postgame show. And all of us will look forward to next week when I am sure that we will all have a good balance between the importance of the game and our spouses. See you then!"
On the way home
Everyone got up and got their BBQ things and were ready to go. They said goodbye to one another and Aileen and Alex waved them out the door, ending a most stimulating and pleasant afternoon on this warm day.
Aileen then said to Alex, "I know that you are uncomfortable in those jeans of yours as they are rough against your sore bottom. Why don't you take everything off, help me get the food put away and the dishes in the dishwasher, and I will then rub you and make you feel good?"
Alex was happy to comply. Once everything was put away, Aileen got a bottle of soothing ointment and situated herself in the middle of their long couch. Completely naked, Alex draped himself over her with his wounded rump on her lap, and she began to rub him lovingly. He cooed contentedly. After a while, she realized that he was fast asleep.
The next Sunday, the other three women compared notes with each other about what their husbands had said on the way home. They found that all three husbands had said the same two things on the way home. First, they expressed how wonderful they thought the afternoon had gone. Then each of them asked their wives if they could recall how the game had come out—they couldn't remember!