My name is Peter. I was born an orphan and raised in an orphanage since birth by our orphanage director who was also a pastor, we were all boys in the orphanage, occasionally some foreigners visit, sponsor and spent their time there.
I became 18 years old, now got a college seat in XYZ college in Ernakulam, Kerala under scholarship.
I became friends with a guy named Robert who was a day scholar comes from a village which was an hour of bus travel away.
Robert was living in a small house with his mom Alina, a 37 year old widow. Their house was an old one with roof tiles, a single bedroom, hall and kitchen with only one main door.
Days went by, Me and Robert became besties, summer vacation came, he invited me to his home to spend the summer as his home was isolated with a pond and a banana plantation nearby which they owned.
He said that I don't have to worry about summer as cool wind blows over his house all the time and his mom's cooking was the best.
We went to his home which was a little inside the banana field away from the bus stop by a 100m long narrow road.
His home was of old style kerala house with no cement involved and no other doors except the main door.
For the first time I saw his mom, I was fascinated by her beauty as she was of a complexion between dusky and fair, iconic killer eyes, rosy lips and erotic figure which was not of a mother of an eighteen year old.
She was wearing a black low cut blouse, a checked blue colour lungi just below the navel, covering herself with a dark blue semi-transparent towel like a saree pallu which did a poor job, I could notice her semi erect nipples inside the braless blouse, cleavage and a deep navel as it was windy when she greeted us.
It was pretty awkward for me but Robert went ahead and hugged his mom. She kissed him on the cheek.
She hugged me too which made me feel whole of her 42 - 30 - 44 erotic body, I decided at that very moment to make her mine my dick agreed with me getting fully erected inside my pant.
I went inside their house and noticed that the bedroom is too small, I kept all my bags in that.
We talked about their life, I came to know that Robert's father was a local goon who got killed in gang war when Robert was just one year old. She was reciting all the happenings in her and Robert's life and her lonely struggles in raising Robert as none of their relatives helped. This plot of old house and land was gifted to them out of pity of the previous house owner.
She was happy that now her son was studying in a good reputed college, doesn't have to worry about his future.
It became night, she made a simple dinner appam with kadala which was so delicious, I praised Alina a lot for her godly cooking. She was very happy because my constant praising and became a little red.
We finished eating dinner, chatted a little bit. We all decided to sleep in the hall on the mat, it would be the best way to sleep for everyone, the wind blows from the pond, only hall's fan works in full speed.
I slept near to the door, Robert near bedroom, Alina in between us, we slept on a single large mat, there was only a little gap between each of us.
Robert was the first one to sleep, Alina turned towards Robert which was her left showing her smooth back to me. She too slept off, but I couldn't sleep at all.
When the towel covering her got blown away her waist was visible, I couldn't resist the temptation and slowly caressed her waist, it went on for a while. I went for her deep navel started fingering in and out of it, caressed her abdomen all over slowly over her smooth skin.
The lungi was just below the navel which made me little unsatisfied as I could only do such because the lungi was just below her navel, I decided to be more bold and pushed her lungi a little lower about two inches started caressing the new found area of her abdomen, I inserted my right index finger inside her navel, spreading the remaining fingers to hold her abdomen and slept off.
Alina woke up before me, did all the house hold chores, took bath in the nearby pond, I woke up at the time when she went for bath, she came back with a light red coloured towel wrapped over her wet long hair, a black lungi wrapped around her body which stuck to her erotic body because she was wet, showing all her curves, her fully erect nipples.
I pretended to be still in sleep, she after coming inside the house locked the door, I turned around facing the door, I could still see her silhouette due to the morning light reflection.
She thought nobody was looking, stripped her lungi from her body and wore it below exactly at the place where I pushed her lungi while she was sleeping, two inches below her navel, I was feeling internally happy. The silhouette showed her Tear shaped boobs from side angle, when she was wiping her hair with her light red towel, her boobs were jiggling randomly it was such a wonderful site. I engrained that in my brain.
She then went inside the bedroom half naked and wore a white blouse which covered her cleavage a little more compared to yesterday's black low cut blouse but this white blouse was more transparent than the black one, showing her smooth skin and dark nipples a little which were still erect.
She wore the red towel over her bosom, started cooking breakfast that's when I acted like I just woke up and went to fresh up and take bath, inside the pond I imagined her silhouette as her real body, masturbated for a few minutes and came inside the pond.
I finished bathing and came back while wiping my upper body wearing a lungi at the bottom as much as possible to show my fit body to impress her.
I didn't wear my shirt and was only in my lungi with no underwear inside. I went over to the kitchen which was small for two people to stand at a time.
I helped by chopping vegetables for her, getting things from the loft, etc., I didn't miss the chance of touching her ass, waist, navel, nipples and made it look accidental, even my dick enjoyed her ass.
She was not minding it that much, I noticed that the light red towel was a little narrow in width as it showed a part of her still erect nipple and areola, a side of her waist, now and then her navel just like a tease.
While I was enjoying that, Robert woke up, he went and hugged his mom, kissed her strongly, went for the bath, he came back wearing a lungi and a banian unlike me who was half naked.
He asked me why I was not wearing anything on the top, I replied that I was comfortable in this and its just me, him and his mom nobody else.
I do find it strange that why she didn't ask anything about it, why she wore the lungi exactly at the same place where I pushed her lungi previously, etc.,
Since the breakfast was ready, we all ate to our hearts, I once again praised her for her cooking and told her that I wanted a wife who cook like this. She became more shy, red and smiled at me. We chatted a lot after that.
Robert got a phone call from his school teacher saying that his favourite school teacher got ill and got admitted at a hospital in Kochin but nobody was there to take care of him, he cried over the phone about his sad situation to Robert. Robert then asked Alina about this, she encouraged him to look after his teacher and she even gave him some money for bus, told him that she can manage here.
Robert told his mom that it may take more than a week, she then glanced at me and said him not to worry, she will take care of me, he can stay there without worry, and call her after reaching there.
We both sent off Robert on bus, came back home, she asked me to come to banana fields, I just followed her, we found a banana tree with a whole bunch of semi ripe bananas and a few fully ripe bananas.
She gave me the fruit picker, when she was holding the 7 feet long fruit picker with her height of 5'7" looked pretty cute, compared to my fit 6 feet body. I pinched her soft cheeks unable to control myself and said how cute she was.
She was flustered a lot by my sudden action. I then sliced the banana bunch from the stalk, got it with my other hand trying to impress her lifted it over my shoulder and show my biceps and triceps.
We then went back home with me carrying the bananas. These bananas were longer and thicker than your regular bananas. She got a ripe banana peeled and cut it into small bite size pieces and gave it to me.
While I was enjoying the banana she gave. She got another banana which was ripe, peeled it slowly and shoved it inside her mouth and started biting and chewing, showcasing her ability and smiled at me.
After finished eating that she took another semi ripe fruit and took it inside the kitchen, after a few minutes, she came back outside kitchen to the hall started telling stories about Robert's teacher and Robert's bond, how much both meant for each other.
She was walking a little odd from that time when she came out of the kitchen. I was having thoughts of her shoving the banana in her lower mouth too but then I disregarded that it would only happen in fantasies.
She told me that She was going to prepare for lunch for just the two of us, asked me to help her. We both were touching each other "accidentally". My dick literally rubbed over her multiple times and multiple places.
We finally finished cooking, while we were eating Robert called and informed her that he reached Kochin hospital and he was waiting in line to get afternoon medicines for his teacher, the teacher's insurance covered everything and told her not to worry.
Robert talked a lot and spoke to me told me to take care of his mom while he was away, I promised him that I would take very good care of Alina.
He ended the call, I heard a sigh from Alina's mouth, She looked at me for a few seconds and went back to eating lunch. After finishing the lunch we both cleaned the utensils together.
Alina was feeling a little tired and sleepy, she asked me to massage her shoulders, I agreed, she laid down the sleeping mat sat on it, removed the towel covering her bosom ready for massage.
I could see whole of boobs, nipples and areola through the semi transparent blouse. Her nipples were slowly getting erected, then my dick too got erected. I went and took the coconut oil poured it over her shoulders and started massaging.
She was moaning hmm...., ahnn...., sshhh....., erotically as if she was having sex with me. If anyone was there in the neighborhood they would have thought that we both were having sex.
The more I massaged the more she moaned erotic, the coconut oil seeped through her blouse making it more transparent, she insisted on adding more oil to massage whenever it gets absorbed.
She slowly dozed off by the time I noticed Her whole blouse became transparent showing her fair tear shaped boobs with fully erect dark brown nipple and large areola around it.
She slept flat on her back like that without changing anything as if telling me to enjoy her. I was enjoying her erotic body from every single angle I could imagine and fucking her in my delusions. I then kneaded her boobs, pinched it like anything, played with her nipples, caressing and kissing all over her navel and midriff for more than an hour.
I then pushed her lungi down further and further, noticing that she has no pubic and its super smooth above her pussy. I left the lungi just above the pussy to see what happens afterwards.
I inserted my index finger inside her navel, other two fingers were touching just above her pussy lips. With this satisfaction I slept like a log.