Disclaimer: This is the first story I have ever written or uploaded anywhere. I'm sure the standard won't be as high as other stories on here but I thought it could be fun so here it is. This could be part of a larger story, or maybe it will end here, honestly it depends how I'm feeling as I'm really not a writer. All feedback is welcome, sorry if there are any mistakes in the syntax or otherwise, I have proof read this many times but I'm not perfect, I'm not even sure the layout is correct due to never having used this before. Hopefully someone can enjoy this, if anyone even finds this. Thank you.
---------------
The heavy metal elevator doors heaved open with a sigh, greeted by the familiar sight of the all-too-plain apartment complex hallway, Nikole mimicked the sigh before beginning the short walk to her front door. She walked past the same fern that was sat in the same corner of the same turn for the second time that day, then passed the same window covered by the same blind that never moved before arriving at the... different... sight to what she usually saw. Normally the apartment opposite hers was locked, empty and quiet, but not anymore. Peeking her head around the open doorway she was met with the vision of her new neighbour unpacking some boxes. Just a quick glance at him showed that he was tall, at least 6ft anyway, he was black, and he was clearly very well acquainted with the gym.
Noticing movement in the corner of his eye, the man looked up towards his open door and noticed a woman looking at him, almost appraising him in a sense.
"Oh uh, hi there, my name is Mike," he said as he crossed the room, reaching out his hand, "I'm guessing you must be my neighbour, which makes me quite a lucky guy." Upon finishing his sentence, he flashed Nikole his most charming smile and was happy to feel her grab his outstretched hand. Always happy to meet new people, Nikole shook his hand and returned his smile.
Snapped out of her reverie when he cleared his throat, she realized she'd been staring at him, "Sorry, my name is Nikole, and yeah me and my husband are your neighbours across the hall, I'm so glad that we finally have someone across from us, this apartment has been empty for so long," she beamed, ending her response with a small giggle.
"Hey uhm, Sam and I would love to give you a welcome dinner as a way for us all to get to know each other, after all we will be seeing a lot of each other I'm sure, how does tonight at 7 sound?" she chirped.
"That sounds great, I'd really appreciate that actually, with all the moving I haven't had time to eat much really, thank you" Mike replied, not breaking eye contact with Nikole.
"Alright then great, we'll see you later then" she said as she turned and entered her own apartment, leaving Mike alone to his work once again.
Once in the apartment Nikole kicked off her shoes and entered the kitchen, throwing her handbag onto the island she went to the sink and got a cool glass of water. Sipping her drink she glanced at the clock, it was 4:15, that meant she had roughly just over an hour before Sam got home. Finally feeling her busy workday catching up to her she decided it was time to change out of her uncomfortable work attire. Standing in front of the mirror she studied herself, as she unbuttoned her work shirt her double D breasts came into view packed tightly into her white work bra, unlatching it at the back she let out a sigh of relief as they sprang free with a delightful bounce. She loved her boobs, despite being perfectly natural they had very little sag and framed her chest well almost defying gravity with their perkiness, rubbing her shoulder where the bra had been digging in with one hand, she lifted her left boob with the other feeling its soft yet firm fullness in her fingers. She had very light pink nipples that sat perfectly in just the right spot on her boobs, not only that but they were just the right size and were highly sensitive to the touch, always able to give her a fun time. Moving lower she unzipped her work pencil skirt at the side and let it drop to the floor, turning to the side she admired her lower body. Her ass was just as good as her tits, tight, plump, and quite big, it contrasted her waist well, a sexy bubble butt. Sam loved to call it that, he also loved to claim that she was a PAWG. After finding out what PAWG meant Nikole could only laugh and agree, but she had the tits to rival her ass as well.
She wasn't blind, she often saw the stares from the strangers around her when she was out and about in her more casual clothes, the work clothes she wore were perfectly business like in how they hid her figure well, however outside of work there was no hiding her body. Sam loved to see her in tight, revealing clothes, nothing slutty or over the top, but clothes that hinted at the sexy woman beneath in a teasing manner. Now wearing nothing but her plain white panties, she finished scanning her body and headed to the wardrobe, opting to wear her yellow dress that was tight at the top with a hint of cleavage, and loose and flowing at the bottom as it came down to mid-thigh. She decided that she would forego wearing a bra, having been confined enough at work, looking herself over once more she smiled and let her shoulder length brown hair down from its ponytail with a head flick. Seeing that the clock now read 4:29, her mind drifted to her husband Sam.
They had met at a club one cold winter night, and despite being very attracted to each other, they didn't end up sleeping with each other that night, instead they shared a kiss and made plans to meet each other the next day as a date. They got on like a house on fire, and before they knew it they had been going steady for months. Months lead into years, which lead into marriage, and they soon found themselves one year into their marriage, both at the age of 28. Nikole and Sam loved each other very much, of course they got into arguments like any real couple, but they were never major, and they always had a resolution. Everything in their work and social lives was thriving, Sam was a highly successful car salesman, and Nikole worked as a secretary at a local law firm. The only aspect of their lives that Nikole was less than content with was their sex life, not that it was terrible, the two were very compatible and adventurous, they role played, they tried new positions, they used toys, but Sam just couldn't keep up with Nikole. She was multi-orgasmic with a very high sex drive to match that, more often than not when Sam was ready to call it a night she still felt like she could keep going for a lot longer, it's not that she hadn't cum, because Sam often made her peak once or even twice on a good day, but that wasn't always enough. Still, she knew that such a matter was hardly his fault, and she enjoyed Sam's sizable 7 inches, she just always felt like she wanted more. This resulted in her playing with herself and using toys after he called it quits until she felt she reached a point where she could fall asleep. Despite the circumstances, they rarely argued about their sex life and enjoyed it as best they could.
But despite this, things had been getting more stale recently; that was a fact that couldn't be ignored, and Nikole wanted to change that, she just didn't know how. Sitting on the bed, she got carried away thinking about Sam and what they could do about their sex life woes. Of course, her train of thought soon lead her into a place where she was thinking more about the sex itself, than the current issues she faced in her relationship. As she laid back on the bed her nipples hardened, delightfully peaking through the front of her tight yellow dress, she loved the way it felt when her nipples got hard and rubbed against what she was wearing, it was a reminder of her sexual nature, and it felt damn good at the same time. She was beginning to enjoy herself as she ran her hands along the outside of her body, lightly teasing her skin and relishing in the way it felt when she snagged the underside of her boobs slightly. Before she could get carried away however she was brought back to reality by the 3 rapid knocks at the front door.
"Yes... yes, I'm coming!" Nikole shouted at the door, painfully aware that she'd rather be saying those words under different circumstances.
Upon opening the door her attention was drawn to her new neighbour's apartment, "wow" she exclaimed to no one in particular, "you certainly got your front room unpacked and decorated quick, it looks great!" she added, as she peaked around Mike's doorway.
"Why thank you pretty lady," he responded, taken aback by how much better she looked out of her work clothes.
"Was it you that knocked? I thought I heard someone," she asked her neighbour rather quickly, remembering that her nipples were showing through her dress, her face going red.
"Oh yeah, I just wanted to offer some help. Anything you need me to help with for the dinner? My night is all yours," Mike offered, enjoying the image of the sexy woman in his apartment.
"Oh no, you're our guest, you're not allowed to do any work. Besides, my husband isn't going to be back for about another 45 minutes, so I was just getting some other jobs done before then," she lied. "I love what you're doing with this place though, I thought it would be a similar layout to our place but it's actually quite different in here."
"Really? Can I offer you a tour? It'll get you away from all those jobs" Mike joked, hoping for some private time with this gorgeous woman.
"Okay sure," she said, realizing she wasn't actually in as much of a rush to get back to her room as she thought.
There wasn't much of a tour to be had, after all, it was still a similar size to Nikole's apartment, just a different layout. Nonetheless she enjoyed being around Mark, he was very witty and friendly, he made her smile almost naturally, something about him just made her feel comfortable which meant that the conversation flowed freely. Not only that but he was very nice to look at, his lean physique was very easy on the eyes. Nikole caught Mike looking at her body more than once as she was shown around, however she soon found that she didn't mind. It was only fair really since she was also appreciating his body, she rationalized to herself.
"Here we are, I left the best room for last!" he almost sang, leading her into the bedroom.
"Oh yeah? The best room? And why is that?" She questioned in a very flirtatious manner, letting her eyes linger slightly on his chiseled frame. Inside she knew she shouldn't be flirting with someone other than her husband, but at this point she was very horny. Justifying her actions by telling herself it was harmless; she placed her hand on his iron bicep and laughed at the joke he probably just made.
"Well, thank you for the tour, I'd love to stay but I have a dinner to cook, and my husband probably wouldn't like to find me in another man's bedroom. Especially when the man looks like you," she giggled as she leaned over to hug him. Mark relished her embrace, strongly holding her in his arms as he felt her magnificent tits pressing into his side.
"I will definitely see you later pretty lady!"
-
Before they knew it, the dinner had been eaten and Mark had left for his own apartment once more. Sam and Mark had hit it off talking about sports and the gym, the usual guy stuff. Like Mark, Sam focused on his health too, not quite going to the same extent in the gym, but he did do a lot of running and as such had a nice muscled body himself, Nikole definitely did not complain. After the two had tidied away the mess they had made at dinner, they soon found themselves retreating to their bedroom. Nikole has showered and gotten into bed first, and now it was Sam's turn in the shower leaving her to her thoughts. She and Mark had been more reserved towards one another and had behaved better than earlier when they were alone, despite this though she still caught him glimpsing at her body a few times, naturally she only returned the looks. She just could not help the way he made her feel, being around such a specimen only served to make her feel unbelievably sexy and happy when he would look at her with his hungry eyes. He just made her feel so comfortable and natural and over the course of the dinner she found it to be increasingly easy to open up to Mark about things she usually wouldn't, especially with someone she had just met. Her thoughts drifted back to earlier in the day to when her and Mark had been alone, she felt her body responding in kind and soon was consumed by her lust.
Sam walked out of the bathroom to see his gorgeous wife watching porn on their TV while she teased her nipples and pussy. Looking at his fabled beauty, his erection grew, and his grin spread in tandem to one another, unable to hold back anymore he joined her on the bed. The two often enjoyed watching porn together, they had similar tastes which made it easy for them both to get riled up, the sex after was always amazing. He noticed that Nikole had chosen an interracial scene this time. Sam wasn't naïve, and he wasn't easily threatened either, they had a strong bond and liked to roleplay, with this in mind, he began to tease Nikole about her obvious choice.
"I bet you'd love it if Mark could do that to you, wouldn't you Nikki" he teased, more of a statement than a question.
The man in the video had pushed the petite blonde lady back onto the couch and was eating her out like his life depended on it. Sam often called her Nikki in the bedroom, Nikole was the professional, Nikki was his hot, slutty wife. He began to sensually pull Nikki's panties down her legs with one hand, as he lightly stroked her outer lips with the other. She was shaved completely bare which served to make their sex more erotic to the both of them. When he had her underwear completely off, he slowly moved down her body as he played with her pussy, teasing her to greater heights of lust. Arriving at his destination, he playfully blew cold air onto her clit, making her shiver and moan from the sensation.
"I bet you'd love to see and feel his dick wouldn't you baby? You'd just love to get your hands on it as you took him into your slutty mouth, do you think he's as big as the man in the video? As big as me?" he teased further.
"Shut up and eat me!" she screamed, pulling his head into her hot honey pot.
-
The next morning Nikole awoke to the smell of bacon. Looking around the room as she regained her senses she realized that Sam wasn't next to her, getting out of bed, she slipped on her favourite thin, silk robe. It was quite small, just barely ending below her ass, it clung to her torso like a second skin as her bust was almost too big, as such, it couldn't close fully around her offering the most tantalizing view of her cleavage all the way down to her naval. Tying it at the waste, she simply stood for a few seconds enjoying the way the silk felt against her nipples, which were quite visible, as they were outlined underneath the robe. Realising now that Sam was stood at the door watching her from behind, she stretched a big full body stretch, standing on her tip toes lifted the hem of the robe up so that her gorgeous full ass was revealed, smiling to herself at the show she put on, she turned and kissed her husband on the lips.
Sam lead her into the kitchen where she found bacon and pancakes waiting for her on the counter.
"Wow, amazing sex at night followed by a lovely breakfast in the morning, what did I do to deserve all this?" She giggled.
"What makes you think you need to do anything?" Sam shot back. "In any case, we actually should talk about what happened last night babe."
Over coffee and breakfast, the two lovers shared a long conversation about what had recently transpired. In all their time together experimenting with their sex lives, they had never specifically included another man that they knew in their playful bedroom fantasies. Sam did admit however that he found it oddly exciting and he couldn't get the thought of his wife enjoying a hung, black lover out of his head. He explained it using the words, "a married woman and her black stud" which also had a very desirable effect on Nikole too. When it was Nikole's turn to speak, she admitted a very similar thing, she too enjoyed that thought very much but she stressed that it wasn't because she didn't love Sam or what they had together. Noticing the physical effect it was having on her husband, a diabolical grin latched itself onto her face, Sam enjoyed teasing very much, and she loved it too.
"Well then lover," she started as she stared at his hardening crotch, "we both know where the other stands, what are we going to do about it?"
"Well I don't know, we both agree that the image turns us both on beyond belief, if it leads to more nights like last night then why shouldn't we enjoy ourselves?" he countered, clearing his throat, "Tea... tease him, but nothing serious okay?" he choked out, in a questioning manner.
"Mmm, my pleasure hon," she responded, patting his penis through his shorts.
Despite their sexual chat being quite short, they understood one another perfectly. If the opportunity arose, she was allowed to tease Mark, nothing major, just some flirting and glimpses at her body, and then Sam was the one to reap the rewards so to speak. Despite this, the weekend passed without incident, Nikole didn't want to seem like she was coming onto Mark, she wanted it to seem innocent and natural and such a thing just hadn't been possible over the weekend. Most people hated Mondays, Sam was one of them, Nikole on the other hand didn't have to be in on Mondays until lunch time, so she often just spent her Monday mornings relaxing at home alone. It was during this time that the post was delivered, sifting through the junk she was delighted to find that one of Mark's letters had been mixed in, this was a prime opportunity. Clad in only her thin robe, she tentatively peered around the edge of her door, content that no one was nearby she took the few steps across the hallway and knocked on Mark's door.
As the door swung open she was taken aback by the topless Adonis in front of her, clearing her throat she flashed him her best smile as she toyed with her hair.
"I just thought I'd come over and give you this, it got mixed in with our post" she said, feeling increasingly small as he leaned in to take it from her.
"Thanks I appreciate it, and might I say how radiant you look this morning Nikole," he replied, not breaking eye contact.
Blushing at his remark, she reminded herself that she had to be the one in control, the one to do the teasing, "You're looking very... radiant... yourself Mark," she returned, allowing her eyes to slowly roam over his body.
All of a sudden a door further down the hallway slammed shut, and footsteps could be heard. Not wanting to be caught in this state of undress outside of her apartment, Nikole gasped as she felt Mark's hand lightly grip her wrist. In the blink of an eye she had been whisked inside his apartment and the door had been shut, as she adjusted to the rapid change, she soon realized that she was exceedingly close to Mark's strong chest in all its topless glory.
"Sorry, I hope I didn't scare you Nikole, but I realized by your reaction that you don't want people to see you like that," he said softly.
"No no, thanks, I... I don't want normal people to see me like this, I have a reputation to uphold... m- my husband isn't even here right now." She blurted out.
"Normal people? So I'm an exception?" he was now openly grinning at her, challenging her.
Playing with the side of her robe she cast him a Cheshire grin, "Oh? Maybe you are? But then why should all my neighbours get see me like this?" she returned, avoiding his bait.
"So I'm... special?" he questioned, pushing further.
"Maybe you are..." she paused, "special."
By this point Nikole was stood with her back pressed against the door, legs slightly apart. Mark was stood with one leg in between hers and an open palmed hand pressed against the door next to her head as he leaned over her. He had a great view down the front of her robe which had been pulled to the side slightly due to the quick movements which lead her there. Time almost stood still as the two neighbours stood there in their almost-embrace.
Thank you for saving me, my hero" Nikole taunted.
"How could I not have you all to myself? You are... very... sexy, if I may say so"
"Why of course you can, but I should probably get going, I have work soon, we can't stand here all day you know" she laughed.
As she turned around to open the door he pressed into her from behind, her eyes shot open wide as she felt his tool nestle itself between her supple cheeks. She froze in place, loving the way it felt, loving the fact that she had done that to him.
"Wow" she squeaked, as she opened the door with one hand, and lightly grazed the outside of his tent with the other. "I'll see you later... big boy!"
"I can't wait!" he bellowed.
End of part 1?