I had a hot teacher in school. A really hot teacher - let me explain. She was in her early thirties with a face that belonged on billboards. She taught English Lit during my final year at school and it was both a blessing and a curse. Her smile, style and luscious figure were reasons to pay attention. As an 18 year old senior year student with her spot at university secured, I needed reasons to pay attention. On the other hand, my attention wandered all too quickly to dirtier words and stories than Shakespeare's. Ms. Lips (as I'll call her) had the physical attributes of a wet dream matched with unparalleled insight, humor and wit. She was a delight for the eyes and the mind.
Now I don't mean to brag but I was an excellent student of literature. My writing may not be much but I have a keen eye for reading between the lines. And reading between her lines told me I was the object of her favoritism. I know, teachers shouldn't pick favorites but hey, everyone has a weakness and I was happy to be the benefactor of hers.
The real story starts towards the end of my senior year. Ms. Lips needed a volunteer to stay after school and clear her filing cabinets before graduation and needless to say, I was all too happy to offer my time. We picked a balmy, sunny Friday in June for the work and I headed to her room after classes. I tried to hide my smile as I thought about ogling her sexy figure with no one else around.
"Hi Ms. Lips, are you ready to get started?" I greeted her with enthusiasm. Besides being incredibly attractive, she was also my favorite teacher.
"Maya, hi. I've got an overflowing filing cabinet for us - I hope you're ready for some long, dusty hours of work," she winked and laughed, waving me over to the cabinets at the back of the room. I cracked a smile; it was hard not to smile with her around. As she walked away I got a good look at her outfit. She was wearing a curve-hugging pencil skirt with heels that made her ass perk up ever so slightly. Her blouse was buttoned and tucked into the skirt. I couldn't wait for a closer look at the front.
I joined her at the cabinet and she proceeded to give me instructions for clearing out the files. There was a semester's worth of essays and exams collecting dust that needed to be recycled before summer break began. According to Ms. Lips, I was to save the highest-scoring essay for each student to present to them as a pre-graduation gift. She wanted to save these as examples of their hard work and progress throughout the year. I had to admit it was pretty cute.
Ms. Lips and I got to work pulling out stacks of paper and organizing them by student. As the stacks grew higher I started to sweat. The school had no central air conditioning and got progressively warmer throughout the day. By 4 pm, the heat and humidity had permeated the rooms and hallways so thoroughly that there was little reprieve save for in the basement. Of all my classes chemistry was the most bearable; the English wing, unfortunately, was located on the hellish second floor. I fanned myself with a B+ paper and shared a knowing laugh with Ms. Lips.
"Let me grab some water for us. I'll be right back," she said. I watched as she walked away, a bead of sweat slipping down the side of my neck. After a few moments she returned with two tall glasses of ice water. My throat begged for the cool, clean liquid and some relief from the heat.
"This," she handed me a glass and stepped in close, "is from the teachers lounge, not the water fountain. You better enjoy it," she joshed. We laughed and I noticed that the top button of her blouse was undone. She must have unbuttoned it when the room became unbearably hot. The standing fan blew a steady stream of humid air from across the room, moving the collar of the blouse just enough for me to get occasional glimpses of cleavage. I imagined the cool water dribbling in between those gorgeous tits. I tried to keep my eyes up.
"I'm honored," I exaggerated. We continued working, crossing one another's paths to drop each essay into the right pile until the stack in the filing cabinet was only a foot high. I turned to the cabinet to grab another essay and bumped into Ms. Lips. She was bent over, and I mean all the way over. I stumbled trying to get away, grabbing the cabinet door for support. Why is it that in situations so uncomfortable one always seems to trip? I steadied myself, cursing my imbalance, but just then she did something even stranger. Ms. Lips, in a maneuver that can only be described as unnecessary and intentional, stepped back just enough for her backside to press against me.
I froze - I may be physically awkward at times but I'm not blind, and I know an advance when I see one. I wondered if I should move away but as Ms. Lips continued to shuffle through the papers, I decided to stay right where I was. I couldn't complain; my pelvis was pressed against her firm, tight ass. The same one I'd been watching all year. I grabbed the other cabinet door and admired the sight in front of me until she stood up.
Ms. Lips relaxed her body against mine and let out an almost inaudible moan. I exhaled the breath I'd been holding and felt the curve of her back molding against me. My head was spinning and I could feel my pulse in my damp neck. I took a risk and placed one hand on her waist, pressing myself into her further. I held back a moan as I ever so slightly pushed up and down on her ass. Ms. Lips rocked her hips just enough to match my movement.
"Fuck," I thought. I couldn't believe this was happening. I briefly thought about stopping but the feeling of her body was too good to pass up. I'd been fantasizing about my sexy teacher for a year and now here she was, gyrating against me so tantalizingly slowly. I threw aside my caution and wrapped my arm around her waist, rocking against her more noticeably. Ms. Lips rocked further with me, staying in time with my movements.
I smelled her shampoo; it was sweet and fresh against the characteristic mustiness of old papers and humid buildings. I slipped my arm up until it was just under her breasts. I touched her left breast while keeping the movement in our hips going. I rubbed against it with a flat palm and my fingers ached to get involved. Ms. Lips pushed her chest forward and I obliged, closing my hand around her generous flesh. I moaned audibly into her ear, continuing to grind against her like she implied she wanted. I felt my heartbeat thud in my chest and the telltale heat between my legs. My clit was swelling and just then I realized she might be able to feel it. Ms. Lips turned around and distracted me from the thought.
"You're enjoying this aren't you?" She asked, her eyes glazed over and lips plump. Her beautiful face was so distracting I almost choked on my words.
"I am. I can't help it- you're ridiculously sexy" I admitted. Ms. Lips moaned in appreciation.
"I knew you thought so. I could tell from the way you watched me in class. It turned me on, the way you watched me move. I know you love it when I wear a skirt," she blurted out.
"You knew?" I was surprised but not shocked; the way my eyes undressed her every day couldn't have gone completely unnoticed. Ms. Lips nodded and leaned in for a kiss. I pressed my mouth against hers and felt the warmth of those gorgeous lips. I kissed her soft, full set of lips while my clit grew harder and longer.
"And you let me watch you?" I asked slyly but cautiously.. I was starting to understand why her clothing had become more and more eye catching throughout the year - she apparently enjoyed my lustful gaze enough to entice it. She had looked incredible even before the tight skirts and low-cut blouses had come out of her closet but I greatly appreciated the show.
Ms. Lips blushed and smiled coyly. She hesitated for just a second before starting to pull up her skirt. She pulled the tight fabric slowly up her svelte legs, teasing me until she reached her panties. I bit my lip, imagining what she had on underneath. She held my gaze and raised the skirt millimeter by millimeter. She shimmied her hips slightly, the fabric reluctant to stretch over her wide hips. After several long seconds it finally overcame the hump and quickly scrunched up around her waist. My clit twitched at the long awaited reveal.
Ms. Lips was wearing a tight, skimpy garment that I guessed to be a G-string. The front left little to the imagination and I could tell she had a bare pussy. Ms. Lips turned around to give me a full 180 and I let her hear my tortured moan when she did. The strings of her panties cut into her supple flesh and disappeared in between her ample cheeks. I wanted to tug at them so badly but restrained myself and let her command the show.
"Take a seat," she ordered and I obeyed, grabbing the closest chair and sitting my ass down. Ms. Lips sauntered over, her bottom half completely exposed to my eager gaze and the pesky skirt long forgotten. She bent over in front of me and slipped the G-string to one side.
"Oh fuck," I groaned when I saw the white crystal held tight in her asshole. I felt a rush of wetness leak into my panties at the sight.
"Have you been wearing that all day?" I asked.
"You're graduating and I couldn't help but take advantage of having you in my room after hours. I want to fuck- I've been wanting to fuck my best student," she breathed.
"You're kidding," I replied - this was still too much for me to believe. Ms. Lips gave me a sympathetic smile and sat in my lap.
"Maybe I can convince you," she whispered and began to grind on my thighs. I opened my legs, allowing her to get in between and grind her uncovered ass directly onto my still-clothed pelvis. I caressed her smooth thighs and grabbed her behind. It was more than I could fit into two hands and I felt myself getting hotter with every pass of my fingers. I slipped one between her cheeks and felt the smooth, hard crystal. She moaned as I pushed it in just slightly.
"I want to tell you something," I breathed, "I have a ... big clit." Ms. Lips bounced against me harder in response and turned around with an inquisitive look.
"How big do you mean?" She raised an eyebrow, directing her sight between my legs.
"You'll find out," I whispered.
"All right, but while we're in my classroom I'm in charge," She smiled and I laughed, admiring her sense of humor until she walked over to her desk and pulled a scarf out of her handbag. Oh shit, I wasn't expecting that. She kissed me forcefully, grabbing the hem of my shirt and breaking away for a second to pull it over my head. She pulled my arms behind me and tied my wrists with an impressively strong knot. She came back around to the front of the chair and began to take off my pants. She squatted down, the G-string still covering her bald pussy, and pulled the pants off.
I sat in front of her in my bra and panties, my clit visibly straining against the front of the thin, cheeky pair. Ms. Lips unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it aside. Her tits were held up by a lacy black balconette bra that matched the dark G-string hugging her hips. I moaned out loud, letting her revel in my appreciation for her incredible figure. I strained against the scarf holding my wrists together; it was such a tease to look but not touch. I had been teased all year and now it was just torture. Ms. Lips' gorgeous body was on full display and my skin burned with the desire to feel it.
"Do you like what you see?" she teased, deliberately pulling at the strings of her panties.
"Damn it, you know I do," I breathed. I threw my head back and stared at the ceiling in an attempt to restrain myself.
"Mmmm," she moaned, stroking her stomach and pushing the top of her panties lower. She reached behind herself and unclasped her bra, holding it to her chest for a few hypnotizing seconds. She pulled the bra up slowly and then pulled it away, her tits dropping and bouncing for my eyes. I yelped as my body involuntarily lurched against the restraints. I wanted nothing more than to be up close with the curve of her breasts and her stiff nipples. My pussy was seeping and I was desperate to get out of my soaking panties and sweat-damp bra. Since Ms. Lips and I had began playing it had only gotten hotter in the room.
"I need some proof that you like it baby," she crooned.
"It's right here Ms. Lips," I pushed my hips off of the chair. She smiled wide and walked over to me, straddling my right leg. She kissed me again, her tongue pushing its way into my mouth. My clit pulsed against my obnoxiously tight panties. I wished I was wearing a skimpier pair so that my restless appendage could slip out. Instead, it was standing at attention at its full 2 inches, wrestled down by the wet fabric.
Ms. Lips undid my bra so she could slip her hands underneath it and grab my tits. She was aggressive and impatient as she pulled at my sensitive nipple and I could feel the heat from her pussy against my thigh. Finally, she took note of my impatient clit and turned her attention to it. She grinned and pressed a finger against the front of my underwear.
"Is this my proof?" she teased, running her finger lightly along the length of my rigid erection. She pressed and released, pressed and released, again and again until my member was at its peak size. I was so erect she could probably feel my pulse against her fingers. She went lower and began to rub against my slick pussy lips. The fabric of my panties was so wet that it felt like her slim fingers were stroking my naked slit. I moaned and silently begged her to undress me fully. She rubbed my panties until the wet spot had grown to cover the entire area between my legs. Finally she began to pull at the hem.
I lifted my hips as she pulled my panties down, the fabric clinging to my slick parts for just a second before letting go. I gasped as the air hit my swollen lips and clit. Ms. Lips' lustful gaze fell on my length, now two inches, purple and naked. It poked out from between my engorged labia and jumped slightly as she breathed onto it.
"Oh god," Ms. Lips moaned, "This is what you've been hiding? This thick, long clit?" She licked her lips and slipped a hand between her legs. She pulled her G-string aside and exposed her pink slit. Her lips were visibly shining with cum and she slipped two fingers between them. She moved them back and forth, spreading her sweet nectar all over her hairless pussy. I watched, hypnotized, as she stroked herself to the sight of my stiff clit.
Ms. Lips returned to the desk and reached into her drawer. While I pondered what she could possibly be pulling out now, she grabbed a rubber band. I watched in confusion - my hands were already tied, what more could she do to keep me imprisoned? She walked over to me, her tits bouncing with every step and a smirk spreading on her face. I gave her a questioning look as she bent down and kissed me with generous tongue. I lost myself in the sensation of her full lips until I felt her fingers on my lower stomach. I suddenly realized what she had planned and sure enough, she began wrapping the stretchy band around my aching tool.
"Ms. Lips -" I began to protest.
"Shh shh, you trust me right? And I'm in charge?" I nodded. "Good, just trust me and I'll make you feel good baby," she continued.
She looped the band around the base of my thick shaft until it was tight, inflating me like a cock ring. I squirmed as the rubber band settled into place and my clit grew thicker and more turgid than I had ever felt it.
"Aghh - I don't know how long I can take this," I said, my voice thick with lust and desperation.
"I'll take care of you as soon as you're at the edge. Until then I want to feel your eyes on me. Watch me touch myself baby, watch my pussy drip for you. I love the way your clit grows like that - fuck!" she exclaimed as my member visibly throbbed with excitement.
Ms. Lips rubbed herself in front of me again as my fat member grew against the restraint of the soft rubber band. Her slender fingers slipped back and forth against her hairless pussy. It had darkened to a deep shade of pink since she began her self-pleasure. I moaned as I observed, transfixed, and leaked onto the hard chair beneath me. I was on the edge of an orgasm just watching her writhe against her slippery fingers. Ms. Lips rubbed herself faster, her heavy breasts shaking with the motion.
Ms. Lips turned and braced herself against her desk, forcing me to watch her masturbate from behind. The crystal in her asshole moved in and out as she clenched her muscles. Her sweet magenta vulva taunted me as I imagined slipping my stiff appendage into its embrace. I needed to get my clit in there before I exploded. My thoughts were an endless stream of curse words as my brain and body attempted to reconcile the over-stimulating sight with the complete lack of physical touch.
"I have one more thing to show you," Ms Lips interjected, pausing the show.
She grabbed a third item from her desk. This time it was a small bullet vibrator.
"This is what I use at home. When I can't satisfy myself with just showing off for you I think about you watching me slip this into my pussy," she continued breathlessly. "I'm going to get the real thing today."
I groaned, imagining Ms. Lips going home after school and masturbating to fantasies of her favorite student. I imagined her slipping the bullet into her tight hole and humping a pillow until she climaxed and made a mess on her sheets. And here I was getting a private show. I smirked thinking about her packing it in her bag to use in front of me today.
She moved the bullet gently up and down her pretty slit as the vibrations worked her nectar into a froth. She teased herself until her clit began to poke out from between her distended lips. The tiny pink nub was nowhere near the size of my throbbing purple shaft but it was clearly sensitive. I longed to press my thick head against that cute button, teasing us both before slipping my length into her vagina. I would rub the head in circles, spreading her lube all over her rosy pussy before penetrating her.
Ms. Lips and I resumed our voyeuristic after-school show until we were both at the precipice of orgasm. I didn't know if it was possible to cum without even a single stroke against my pussy, but I figured I was about to find out. I thought the moment had arrived when Ms. Lips pushed the vibrating bullet into herself and I saw both her creaming pussy and asshole filled up. She grabbed the desk and moaned as she clenched around both sex toys. I moaned with her. Agonizingly, my clit stayed rigid and my vulva resisted falling into the familiar aching rhythm of contractions. I wasn't sure whether to be disappointed or relieved.
"I think I've had you in that chair for long enough," Ms. Lips moaned.
To be continued ...