"I've got my membership card... wait... where is it...?" Suzie mumbled as she started to search her bag. She saw her wallet, car keys, and everything but the card she needed! Suzie wondered if perhaps it fell out when she was packing.
The brunette at the counter asked, "Can't find it?"
"Just one of those days," Suzie complained with a nervous giggle. Suzie mulled over how the missing card was just another notch in how her day was going. The blonde knew it was bad news for the day when the first thing she does is poor a bowl of cereal, only to find out moments after she was out of milk. After that, her friend she was going to hang out with had a sudden event come up, so Suzie had the day off. With no plans, it seemed a day at the gym could do her some good, some exercise to get her mind off the troubles so far.
Her search wasn't yielding anything, but the receptionist was already looking up Suzie's membership electronically. Suzie was glad that at least one of them had their head in the game.
"Enjoy your time here!" the gym worker said after having finally gotten Suzie signed in properly. Suzie hoped it was a sign of good things to come now that things were straighten out. Suzie moved on to the locker room so she could get on with the rest of her day.
The locker room was empty. Suzie was probably the only person there at such a time. Most people probably had things to do! Suzie though preferred to exercise with some privacy, so it would work out she felt.
Her jeans and sweater all found their way into her gym bag. She grumbled while looking down at herself. Another victim of her string of misfortune that morning was her wardrobe while dressing. A sports bra was a must, but her panties hardly matched the look. The dainty and thin cotton panties stuck out, but were the only realistic option. Suzie's laundry was backed up due to the machine at her place being on the fritz. The pink and black design was strikingly cuter than the simple gray sports bra, but she wasn't looking for that sort of attention. Really, the two items just clashed a lot. Luckily the locker room was empty, so Suzie got shorts on to cover the fashion-shame.
Holding her shirt up, Suzie realized she was forgetting to put some deodorant on. She hooked the shirt on the open door of the locker and turned back to her bag. She dug around, reaching down to get into it.
By the time she had her deodorant applied and had her eyes set on her shirt, it had moved... along with the door into the closed position! Suzie probably bumped the door with her hip when she'd been bent over. She lightly pulled on the shirt, but the door had it pinched now that it was shut and had its locked engaged.
Taking her assigned key for the lock, Suzie tried to get the thing to un-jam. Turning did nothing though. Was the lock broken? She checked to make sure the key was the right one. Both said "G06" she was sure. After another turn, it made a menacing scraping noise. Suzie knew something had to be wrong.
Suzie wasn't about to be beat by a cheap locker, so she tugged on the handle as hard as she could. Doors don't just get stuck shut so easily! She pulled and tugged, and she'd been right, the door was never THAT stuck. With so much strength put into her pull, the door flung right open! As it opened, Suzie also caused her shirt's downfall . One end of the shirt stayed wedged in the slot for the lock, while the other stayed attached to the door. A huge gash was made right across the front of the fabric!
"Noooo!" Suzie called out, frustrated at the sound alone. She quickly examined her shirt. Her face turned red; she felt so foolish to let something like this happen. The blonde put the shirt on, hoping it wouldn't be so bad. However, the tear was tacky; it went from her bra to her belly button in a diagonal. It wasn't going to work.
They day seemed further ruined. She couldn't exercise in rags. Suzie didn't want to admit that another set of plans fell through. That's when Suzie realized there was a way to rebel against her fate. She took the shirt, and jammed it into the locker with her bag. "No reason I can't go out like this. I've shown more on the beach! Some girls work out with just a sports bra all the time, right?" Suzie only had herself to convince and that argument was enough.
She was about to close the door, and thought better of it. She didn't have any valuables she needed hidden, and the key to the lock did seem a bit banged up. Suzie kept the door open, and walked out, intending to start with some yoga! Suzie was going to make sure the day went her way from that point forth!
The bra-clad girl ignored her situation all the way to the yoga room. Suzie didn't see a soul, and was ready to start right with her initial stretching once finding her own mat. She was doing her best to find peace in the situation, and let that mood carry her through some calm and mindless stretching. It was having the right effect.
Even at first the appearance of two more girls didn't shake her at all. Suzie let them be, not even giving them much more than a glance as they entered. She just continued to stretch and balance. Why should she care about her state of dress?
Suzie was nearly working up a sweat when she noticed something odd. She could hear what was light chatter between the girls, but couldn't make out what it was about. She stole a peek, and realized the two were staring her way!
Suzie avoided keeping eye contact. Why were they looking? Suzie worried some sort of mistake had been made. Were her shorts intact? Had her bra let a breast slip out? No, her clothing was quite in place she found when she did a pat down. That's when wondered if it was her sports bra.
Was it as decent as she assumed? Maybe it did show more than some she'd seen girls wear. Though firm, the garment did offer a bit of a few of cleavage. Suzie could see herself in the mirror in front of her. Was it perhaps a bit too much?
Another look back and Suzie was sure she had to be the subject of some gossiping! Her face grew redder. She wanted to defend herself, but admitting to the mistake in the locker room wouldn't be her proudest of moments. Then if her bra was indecent, it would be like admitting to second mistake, leaving the locker room with it as her only upper cover.
Removing herself from the room was her best option she thought. "Just don't let them know it bothers you," Suzie coached herself. Her path was set to the door back to the hall.
While strolling with just a bra up top, she again caught the girls staring. She was going to act like everything was normal, try and appear without guilt. "Be sure to not work too hard ladies!" She quipped with the most genuine smile she could manage.
"You too! Best of luck," the black haired girl responded. It didn't seem catty. Was Suzie incorrect and the girls didn't find her attire odd? Perhaps they were just good at acting like it. The second girl was avoiding eye contact.
Suzie was out in the hall, and wandering down it, unsure what to do next. She was feeling silly for being so intimidated by just the two girls. It had to be in her head! Suzie felt the rough start was still affecting her. She had to stay positive! The staring was probably just in her head, and her bra really couldn't be too bad! Suzie knew she was second guessing herself with the new found worries.
Using the exercise machines seemed like the next logical step after her warm up. Suzie headed right inside the room once she reached it. Again, the room was just to her, and she was able to find her seat and begin the more serious part of her work out.
Taking on a few different machines, Suzie was making head way into her exercise for the day. The distraction was well suited for making her forget about her worries. After a few minutes though, her peace was interrupted again, this time by a group of three. They were slow to start doing anything, instead chatting to among themselves. Their gaze didn't drift to Suzie though, so she paid them no heed.
The other girls were rotating about their own machines once they got started, and so Suzie felt just as alone as she did before. She was now determined to not let her missing shirt bother her.
After her most recent conquest, a few reps on the lateral pull down machine, Suzie moved to get up. She stopped dead in her tracks though, and not because she pulled a muscle. It wasn't horribly audible, but she had heard it... a snapping noise! It wasn't just any noise either; it was one Suzie felt she knew too well.
Glancing backwards and down, Suzie's vision trailed what it could of her bare lower back. Near the top, she saw a few black and pink stripes... her panties! Just a couple of inches below the waistband of her panties was the waistband of her shorts!
Suzie tried tugging on them. They felt loose. She followed the shorts waistband around, seeing if they had indeed torn like she feared. She didn't find any breakage in the weaves though, so perhaps it was her imagination and they just had lowered on their own?
Suzie was worried if the other girls noticed, who still seemed busy. None were looking her way, and hopefully didn't notice how she was examining her clothing. Suzie sighed relief when she was able to stand, and keep her shorts up with a hand. She was twice as relieved when she noticed they weren't even sagging on their own.
Suzie let go of the shorts... and they stayed in place. Pretending to do some stretching, Suzie twisted and turned while no eyes were on her. The shorts weren't moving. She was trying to determine if something did tear. With nothing being out of the ordinary, Suzie was sure the noise had to be something else, or something more minor like one of the leg holes. Suzie couldn't find anything had gone wrong with her bra either.
The girls still weren't looking towards the blonde, so she decided to just move on. She couldn't believe a non-incident had spooked her out of the routine again. Suzie told herself she'd have to stop worrying too much. She skipped over to the treadmills, ready to do some light jogging.
Though only a single layer, the sports bra was enough to contain Suzie's breasts from bobbing around. The round mounds were held firm to her chest, and she was able to jog away in place thanks to the spinning belt below her. Suzie was focusing as best she could, running was always a challenge part of her workouts, and she wanted to push a bit further than usual endurance wise. She tried to not let her tiredness slow her down or stop her.
Suzie kept her pace fairly even till she felt her shorts slipping down! The feeling was minor, but Suzie was lucky enough to tell what was happening sooner rather than later. She took a hand from one of the side bars so she could reach down. The shorts hadn't lowered too much, but a quarter of her butt was starting to hang out! Maybe it was the elastic that snapped earlier!
Suzie tried to tug them up, but finding them so loose rattled her some. She tried to twist and investigate, but the treadmill was still moving. The clumsy girl was already risking she'd tumble down hard, so she threw both her hands back to side bars and quicken her leg movement to catch back up!
Her shorts lowered again, just barely past the half way point of her butt. Suzie quickly slapped the stop button on the machine with one hand, and tried to rescue her shorts with the other. The slowed motion on the machine made her stumble though, and she did little more than hold her shorts in place.
"Ugg!" Suzie gasped in frustration, trying to find her footing again. That's when she heard a loud gasp! Suzie stood straight at attention and turned around, looking for the source. While twisting, she lost grip of her shorts which found themselves pooled at her thighs.
The sound was from around one of the columns, it was probably the other girls using the machines. The sound was thankfully not anyone discovering her mooning her pantied-butt! Suzie was happy she wasn't being started at. She hovered her hands behind her to find something to help her find stabilize her stance, still off balanced from being half turned and with her shorts lowered. Instead, her hand found the dial that turned the machine on.
Whirring into action, the belt under Suzie's feet began to feed out again. She felt herself get jerked forward, her hands only able to grip at the side bars to slow her decent as her feet were dragged out from underneath her. With a light and gentle thud, Suzie's pantied-butt landed on the treadmill.
Suzie twisted, trying to get back up. The machine wasn't moving fast, instead slowly trying to suck her away from the console. She managed to get on her knees, but it was tough to stand now that her shorts were getting tangled in that same spot! Suzie dragged herself up, but felt the fabric of the shorts lower to her ankles!
Suzie was in a panic. She wasn't at any risk of harm, but she was half dressed and practically tumbling on the slow running treadmill. She wasn't sure what would be more embarrassing, her state of dress or total lack of grace!
Suzie made the call to just ignore the shorts and try to get up onto her feet. One foot actually already slipped from the garment. The blonde finally was high up enough to see and even reach parts of the console. The off button wasn't in range, but she could at least try to slow the machine down even more from its crawl! She twisted the dial and soon found it was a bit easier to fight the pull.
Being able to step forward though was made easier by the fact that she lost the bit of tugging weight on her right foot. The cotton shorts that had been dangling from them were half wedged under the belt during Suzie's climb forward. With the machine still pulling them, the freed article of clothing was pulled further under the belt!
Suzie placed both her feet on the stable sides of the machine. She grimaced at the look of her body. She was in just bra and panties now, and her bare midriff and thighs made the cutesy underwear stick out even more. Suzie felt she'd die of embarrassment if she were being watched, especially since the cotton stripes were stretched so thin against her spread legs! The shape of her butt surely was obvious through them from behind too!
Suzie didn't notice what had happened to her shorts yet. She took the time to look for the clothing. She saw them sticking out from the side of the barely moving belt. She learned long ago to not questions the odds of something going wrong like that. She shut off the machine, finally safe to move about on it without making any more silly mistakes.
One gripping her shorts, Suzie realized that lady luck was not smiling upon her today. Somehow, just like her shirt, the shorts were stuck! They were half beneath the belt, and possibly wedged in some sort of tread or gear! No sort of angle of pull seemed able to free them!
Suzie was huffing and puffing as she tried to free her lower wear. Her shorts couldn't be gone! A sports bra was one thing to be working out in public... panties would not be acceptable! She didn't want to let things get this out of hand!
It was no use. She only risked ruining the clothing itself if she continued, and it wouldn't do her any good like that. Suzie recoiled away from the edge of the machine, stepping off it and away from where she'd remembered the girls being. They had become quiet, and Suzie had to hope they weren't spying on her from some corner somewhere.
Suzie splayed both her hands in front of her panties as she backed up to a wall. She tried to think how she'd get out of this mess.
Bad Luck at the Gym
By Jappio
Part 2
Suzie felt the back of her legs press on the cool wall. She tried to stay near the side of the room, away from being out in the open. She knew she didn't have much clothing anymore. Legs, arms, midriff... it was all exposed!
She could almost hear the sound of the other girls talking. She wasn't being spied on at least by them it seemed. Yet all they would have to do was go to another set of machines, and Suzie in just her underwear would be in their line of sight!
Suzie began to side step, looking for a place to hide The supply closet on the other side of the room wouldn't be the wisest to get to, she'd be caught before she would make it in. Underneath a bench press wouldn't really be well hidden. None of the other machines were solid enough to totally hide her. Suzie would probably just raise suspicion if seen crouching behind something anyways.
The sound of the main door closing was the last thing Suzie heard before the silence. Did someone enter or did someone leave? The blonde couldn't hear the sound of anyone working out or chatting, so maybe the group of three had left!
It was risky to check, but Suzie left her wall and approached the area she had last seen the girls. She had to know. And with a few careful steps, she soon could see the rest of the equipment room that was hidden by the pillar.
Suzie was alone now, but being alone didn't make her any more covered. She had a time limit now. She had to find cover before she was caught.
The closest clothing to her was the shorts that were trapped in the treadmill. She had no way to fix the problem, but perhaps the staff did? She didn't want to just stand trying to cover her shame though while someone retrieved them for her.
Getting to her locker would be a chore too. She had to risk crossing almost the whole building to get back there. She wasn't sure she could pull off that much travel without being caught. The odds of pulling something like that off were rarely good for Suzie.
It took her quite a few minutes to start formulating a plan. She spent a lot of her time fretting, wondering how she'd get away with any of this. There were no towels, clothing, or cover she could find in the room. Once or twice the girl tried to see if there was any help in the hall, but surveying from the door never yielded any results. She was too scared to blindly check any nearby rooms.
"What if I got someone to come fix the machine... and maybe they'd leave the shorts out for me to grab? Or worst case... I tell them what happened and just own up to it. It'll be embarrassing, but better explain the accident than be caught trying to sneak around in my underwear," Suzie thought out loud.
She hated the idea of telling someone she lost her shorts to a machine. She didn't want to stand around with her underwear out in the open either. Yet she had to be mature about it, and do things the proper way.
After a few minutes of psyching herself up, Suzie picked up the phone in the room. She dialed the extension for the front desk and waited.
It took awhile for anyone to pick up. Each moment, Suzie felt the nerve drain from her body. She had wanted to get it over with, but every ring gave her more time to dread the coming conversation! Suzie was trying to plan what she would say, but it all sounded as ridiculous as, "Hello, I lost my pants, could you help?"
Suzie was startled when she heard the phone finally connect, she could just barely hear there was someone on the other end. Hesitantly, Suzie asked into the receive, "Hello?" Seeing if someone were actually listening.
"Sorry, this is the front desk, how can I help?" The voice on the other end responded. The woman sounded a bit distracted, and out of breath. It sounded like she'd just got done working out too.
Suzie wasn't able to do it. She couldn't describe everything about the situation over the phone. She was going to wait to go over it all. "Yeah, um, in the exercise machine room... the treadmill isn't working well, something seems to be jammed in it, I'm heading out to another room, but if you could come here and fix that?" Suzie's nerve was all gone. Mid-run-on-sentence she changed plans. Her new plan was to hide and then she'd be able to just come in after it was fixed!
"It'll just be a moment, I'll be down there soon," the girl on the other end responded. With a click, the phone was hung up.
Suzie looked about. She knew it was a bad idea to just go with a plan she hadn't thought through, but she couldn't help it now! She was wondering if she should wait there and explain, or run and hide like she wanted.
A look down at her panties, Suzie tried to picture what it would be like to find her. Her face was burning hot. Scenarios of her standing without any clothes ran through her head, being teased for her missing clothing as the staff worked on the treadmill. She pictured every employee being called to "help" with the problem, all seeing the unlucky girl in just her underwear. What if other guests arrived too, and each were told of how Suzie ended up like this?!
Suzie wasn't sure if anyone would be so cruel to make her sit through that. Yet the possibility was enough to frighten her, and she knew she had to get to a hiding spot! The supply closet wouldn't work if it had any needed tools for the treadmill. Suzie's only option would be to leave the room!
Suzie scurried to the door any moment; the person at the desk would be coming or whoever she might send to do the repairs. Suzie had to get out, and into another room!
The hall was empty as Suzie got out. She didn't' see anyone in either direction. She had to find a nearby room, but that seemed tough. Down the hall one way, there was the lobby, the exercise room past there, and the locker room even further down. She wasn't sure what was the other way, besides the pool.
Decisions had to be made quickly. She then heard the footsteps of someone coming from the lobby! The desk girl was probably on her way!
Suzie turned on a dime and tried to run towards the pool room. It was too far she worried, her pantied-butt jiggling would be seen! Suzie closed her eyes, hoping that something could go right and she'd somehow make it out without staff finding her running the halls undressed!
"In here!" came a void as Suzie felt a grip on her forearm. She was tugged to the side, and through an open door way! Soon she was out of the hall, and not a moment too soon as she was sure she had seen someone exit the lobby, but thankfully head the other direction.
Suzie sighed in relief. "Oh wow, thanks. That was close!" Suzie breathed in gratitude. She looked up, and looked to her saviors. The black and brown haired girls before her seemed very amused. Suzie also recognized she was in some sort of racquetball room.
Suzie remembered her state of dress, but all a second too late. She fixed her posture and got an arm across her breast and a hand between her legs to try and hide the striped cotton. She didn't think of it, but covering her breasts was probably a mistake, since it only implied the sports bra wasn't decent.
"Hehe, wow, just trying to find ways to beat the heat, huh?" The shorter of the two girls asked. Suzie's face was red, trying to find the words to make up an excuse.
"You could have gotten in trouble. Lucky enough we saw you before anyone else did. Unless you're trying to get seen?" The curvier of the two added.
Suzie shuffled her feet a bit. "I'm not like this on purpose... it was an accident."
The two girls giggled. They didn't seem mean spirited, but they were definitely finding the situation interesting. Suzie was just glad they didn't seem the type to make a comment to the staff.
Suzie felt she owed them more of an explanation. "It's just not been my day. I'm trying to get some clothing back before anyone sees me... well I guess before anyone else sees me! I just... I didn't know where to go and I panicked when I thought I saw someone."
"Well, maybe we can help. Jenny and I would love to, right?" The black haired girl asked. The one named Jenny nodded. "I'm Julie by the way. And don't' be so embarrassed. I think those are really cute panties!" Suzie couldn't keep eye contact, and stared at the polished floor instead. She'd have felt a lot less on show if the panties were something plainer and less "cute."
"You could help? I really could use that! I knew I couldn't get out of this mess on my own, but I didn't want to risk getting in trouble with the staff!" Suzie started to recognized the two. They were two of the girls from the exercise room earlier.
The one named Julie stepped forward. Her eyes looked up and down Suzie's body. "You know, our help won't be free. We might have something like a shirt that should help cover you up, but we'd have to get something in return."
Suzie gulped. That didn't sound good to her at all. "Um... what sort of something?" she asked.
Jenny answered, as if knowing exactly what Julie had in mind. "You give us your bra, and we go get a shirt." The offer was on the table, and Suzie was shocked by it. Why did they want her bra? Did they want to see her topless?
"I can't do that! I'd be almost naked!" Suzie proclaimed.
"Right, we don't want to ask for too much and take your panties too! We figured we'd be nice, just take a bit. You know, insurance sort of, just in case this is some sort of trick against us," the brunette explained. Suzie wasn't even sure how her own exposure could be a trick against the two clothed women.
Suzie didn't have many options though. She'd have to gamble on these two probably. Going to anyone else for help just meant more people seeing her without any clothing on. Suzie didn't like it, but giving up her bra was her best option it seemed.
"So, you two will bring me a shirt?" Suzie was thinking if that would work. "I guess... I could hide here till you get back," she thought out loud.
"That might not work," the raven haired girl commented. "The room is actually reserved I think. It won't be long till they're here. You probably don't want to stick with us either, we have to go see someone first."
Suzie's mouth hung open. "So you want me to get topless and leave me stranded to be caught?!" Suzie was less sure about this deal than ever.
"No, we don't' want to get you in any trouble like that. I have an idea about that. You can meet us at the sauna. It's private, and I think you can get there without going through the halls. There's a door from the pool room out to the alley. This door is right next to the sauna! So if you take the exit door here, it's just a short little walk in the back alley!" Julie offered.
Suzie lifted an eyebrow. The idea seemed a bit fishy. She did see there was an exit door at the back of the racquet ball room. She stepped over to it, and pulled its handle. It did lead to the empty back alley. She looked to the left towards the pool half of the building. She did see what seemed to be a door in that direction, though it was hard to see from that angle. The fresh air on her skin though reminded her she was sticking her half naked body outside into a public area!
After snapping back inside and letting the door shut, Suzie could swear the two women with her had just been staring at her butt unabated! They must have looked away at the last second, but Suzie had a hunch. She was really unsure if she could trust them.
"And you really will have a shirt for me?" Suzie reaffirmed.
"We're going to get our friends extra shirt. We'll be happy to give it to you. First we need your bra though," Jenny replied. Suzie gave it some serious thought. He breasts would be exposed... but she'd have a shirt to cover up with. If it was worth relinquishing her bra, that hopefully meant it was long enough to hide her panties. Her other options were to just expose her underwear to even more people.
"In for a penny, in for a pound," Suzie said. The blonde reached back, finding the clasp on her simple sports bra. She had the item loosened and hanging in no time, but she couldn't help but hold it her body. She wasn't ready to just outright flash her two possible saviors.
Suzie turned around, not happy they got another look at her butt through the cotton. Yet this let her lower the bra and take it the rest of the way off. She slung an arm across her breasts the best she could, and handed her sports bra over.
The taller girl took it, and the other just stared for a moment. Suzie felt silly, standing in so little in front of them. She was starting to wonder if she made a mistake, that maybe staff would have been a better choice!
"We better hurry; don't want to make you wait! You better think about leaving soon too, cause that game is probably going to be starting in here soon!" Suzie wasn't exactly filled with confidence that the two girls were saying all this as they were nearly out the door! She really hoped she hadn't been swindled!
Their insistence on haste though was probably right. In just her panties, Suzie was a sight to behold, and it was a sight she wanted no one to actually see! She scampered to the back door of the room.
Bad Luck at the Gym
By Jappio
Part 3
The back alley was still clear when underwear clad blonde checked. She would have to only run for about a few seconds to get to the other door. She had to hope the pool room would be empty then too. The racquet ball room would for sure not be empty though, so it was the worse of the two options.
Suzie took off finally. She turned left, and ran down the alley in just her panties. Both her arms crossed over her chest, doing their best to keep her breasts from bouncing all over the place. She hated how besides her shoes and panties, her body was so exposed. The building blocked the angle of the sun just barely, but she still felt very outdoors.
Ahead of Suzie, she could see the back of the couple of businesses down the way that were neighboring the gym. She hoped no one would come out for any reason. She'd be very embarrassed to be caught essentially streaking the back alley!
The door to the pool was finally reached, and Suzie pawed at it to find the handle. The only problem was... there was no handle! Some color drained from Suzie's face as she didn't see any sign of how to open the door. Pushing wasn't the answer for sure, but there was nothing to grip to open it!
"Oh my gosh, is it one way only? Like a fire escape or something?" Suzie wondered. The two girls probably didn't know that, since they wouldn't have seen the doors from the alley. She really couldn't get any sort of grip on the door. It made sense; they probably didn't want people just sneaking into the gym from the back!
Suzie wracked her brain. Solutions weren't coming up. She was down another piece of clothing, and her deal she set up required she got back inside and into the sauna. "Maybe if I'm fast... I can get back in the way I came before the people who had the room reserved show up," Suzie thought out loud. Her hands wrapped around her chest again as she jogged back to the door she came from.
Following the same beat that other events in the day had taken, Suzie wasn't actually all that shocked to see the door to the racquet ball room was also without any sort of handle or knob. Of course none of them would back there. She truly wouldn't be getting back in this way.
What was Suzie going to do? She was outside in just her shoes and panties. Her bare breasts had not a stitch to hide them. She looked all around her, and solutions were slim. Her only bet would be to maybe search the trash near the other businesses. It wasn't an appealing option, but the only other place to go was the front of the building, and back through the main doors. That was of course not going to work out very well in her mind.
While thinking though, Suzie had more trouble brew. From the direction of the other businesses she heard a noise! The sound was clearly of some sort of truck. Suzie even heard the sound of a couple people. If she had to guess, those other businesses had shipments coming in! She couldn't see the truck, and had to assume it was in the small alley between the gym and the next business down the strip!
Once they would get the product off the truck, the people would be sure to walk into the back alley to enter the store form the back! Suzie could see it now, her in just her panties as a few people carrying boxes would stare at her, with jaws agape! Suzie's face was red just thinking about it.
There was nowhere to hide. The back wall of the alley was too tall to climb up, and she didn't know where it would lead. The doors all along the back of the gym were assumingly unable to be entered. Heading towards the sound of the truck and other businesses would only make things work. Suzie did the only remaining option, run away from the building and towards the opposite back corner of the gym!
Suzie faced her butt towards the sounds and began to run. She pushed more than she had during any of her exercises, needing to move faster so to not be caught. She could feel the way the tight cotton material stretched against her lower cheeks. She needed to not be caught undressed outside!
As she got close to the corner, Suzie worried partially about all the things she was heading towards. Though the side of the gym did have a fairly tall fence, on the other side of it was the freeway, and it was where it began to rise above ground so to be able to overpass the street it was perpendicular to. The cars on it were zooming by fast and hopefully too far away to notice a running girl like Suzie was in just her panties!
Suzie reached the fence, and felt at least hidden from the highway. She turned sharply around the corner, and was removed from sight of the back alley. She spared only a moment to look back once, happy to see no delivery people staring and gawking from the other side of the gym!
Now Suzie sat on the path that was between the parking lot and the back alley. The street running in front of the gym was just past the parking lot too, but Suzie felt it was at least too far to see her while she was this far back.
"Gosh... I really am stuck now. I can't get back inside unless I go up front. How am I going to manage that? The desk girl isn't going to just let me go inside!" Suzie thought. She considered checking her car, but she had just cleaned it out, it offered no solutions.
She had no solutions in the back of the building though, so she started to at least slowly approach the front of the building. The walk from one end to the next was nerve wracking. She could see the street come into focus more and more. Anyone at the lot would probably be able to see her too. Her crossed arms over her chest probably didn't' really help her look any more clothed than she actually was. They might not be able to tell her panties were striped, but anyone looking would at least be able to assume that Suzie was without pants or a skirt.
Suzie gulped nearing the end. The front entrance really was probably her last hope? No cars pulled into the lot, but a few did whiz by. She had to hurry with any plan she might have. Did she just go in and explain her predicament? Maybe the staff would be understanding.
Suzie had to trust that she would luckily meet someone nice and helpful. She braved the dash from the alley, and now ran in full view of the street as she continued along the perimeter of the gym and towards the front doors!
Shining light shone down on the half naked woman. Her breasts jiggled about in the cage her arms created for them. Her bare thighs rubbed against each other as a reminder of her lack of dress. Her skin felt every movement of air as she zipped down her chosen path.
Suzie was now standing in front of the glass doors of the building. She couldn't see inside due to the bright glare of the sun. She shook and reached for the handle. She was debating if she should just rush in or sneak in. She continued to stand, despite knowing her butt was on show behind her.
Then Suzie realized her other mistake. She couldn't see in the door, but there was risk that the inside could see her! Hesitation wasn't going to help, so Suzie opened the door and stepped inside.
Suzie held her breath. She was almost shaking, ready to apologize to the surely surprised people all around her. When her eyes adjusted to the dimmer lobby though, it looked like she was alone!
Thinking about it, Suzie realized she was probably alone because the desk girl was off fixing the treadmill! Her window was probably going to be small, but that just meant that she had to hurry. She might actually succeed in sneaking into the gym in just her panties!
She wanted to stay and see if she could find a new solution to her problem, but she knew Jenny and Julie might be waiting with a shirt! Suzie again did her best to hide her bared chest and took off towards the hall.
She was alone it seemed, and so Suzie kept a brisk pace. She tried to pass by the exercise room and the racquet ball room to avoid any detection from the people she was sure in each. At the end of the hall was the pool room, and that would house the sauna. Suzie hoped all would be over.
Opening the door just a crack, the near naked girl listened for sound. It seemed the pool was quiet, not a single splash of water could be heard. She eased further in the room, and was happy to see she was lucky enough to have the pool room to herself! If all went well now, Jenny and Julie would be waiting for her in the sauna.
Suzie made it to the little room at the side, and took one final breath. Her misfortunes would finally be stopped. She grabbed the handle, and pulled it. She felt the steam seep out and warm her exposed skin. She stepped inside; having a hard time seeing exactly what was all there.
When her eyes adjusted to see through all the water vapor, she noticed something she didn't expect... five other girls! And not only five other girls, but it seemed most of them were naked! Four were just totally, brazenly exposed, and one was in a towel.
Suzie wasn't even sure what to do or say as she crossed her arms over her chest. All of them could see her topless and her cute, striped panties! One of the dark haired girls got up and grabbed her wrist though. "Ooo, another! Come, sit with us here!" she said, happy and bubbly. Suzie was still a bit confused. Was this the girl who was supposed to have her bra and shirt? Suzie followed along, and sat down.
She was starting to better tell what was going on. She was now next to the black haired girl who she had seen in the yoga room. Her blonde friend was with her as well. On Suzie's other side on a different bench were the three girls from the exercise room, and two of them were supposed to have her clothes! She didn't feel she could bring that up now with so many other people around her.
"So, I was telling Megan that she should loosen up a bit like the rest of us! She is a bit too shy, wouldn't you agree?" The bubbly one who invited her to sit down asked.
Suzie didn't really have an answer. She was honestly jealous that she didn't have as much cover as the fellow blonde had! "Oh, you know, we're all the same in a way really. So no big deal," Suzie played along. She wasn't sure what was going on, but clearly it was clothing optional in the sauna. Her only hope was to play off she did it on purpose.
"Exactly, no better way to relax than totally naked. Like, it's way more nice freeing like this!" The girl said. Her round breasts bobbed as she emoted, and she seemed totally without any modesty! Her legs were slightly parted, showing off her shaved-clean pussy. Suzie tried not to stare too much, but it was hard to with such a spectacle. She'd never known someone so unashamed.
"Yep, suppose you're right. I was a bit worried at first, but a lot better seeing you all like this too," Suzie was trying to think what a nudist might say. She never once put thought into nudism though, so she wasn't sure what they were like. She still had her arms crossed, and felt that was probably not a proper act either. She could continue to try and hide her breasts, but that might give away how much of accident everything up to this point was.
Suzie weighed what was more embarrassing... nudist women seeing her breasts, or admitting how silly and incompetent she'd been all morning. One seemed more likely to have her laughed at, so Suzie braved having her breasts uncovered. Her arms went to her sides, nipples and all now exposed to each woman there. Her face was red, but hopefully the heat of the room would mask the cause!
Bad Luck at the Gym
By Jappio
Part 4
Beads of sweat started to drip down Suzie's body. Sitting in just her panties amongst a bunch of other women felt so wrong to her. She already wanted to cover up again, or leave. Yet the topless girl was stuck for the time being, she needed to get the extra clothing she was promised. Suzie couldn't say anything while not alone with Jenny and Julie. Every time she looked over to the two and their friend, they seemed to act like they didn't know Suzie!
Suzie was startled when the friendly dark haired woman started to talk with her again. "My name's Jessie, how about yours?"
"Suzie, nice to meet you," Suzie responded. Jessie smiled and seemed so at peace with being naked. Suzie tried to mimic some of the woman's body language by sitting up a bit more. Suzie worried though about how this made her look, she had an example right in front of her the type of spectacle it could make. Jessie's round firm breasts were very prominent when sitting so sturdily. Suzie wasn't sure if she had any air of confidence like the raven haired woman had.
Jessie turned to her blonde friend who Suzie had guessed was named Megan from what Suzie said earlier. "So, going to join us? Nothing wrong with getting naked too."
Suzie wanted to help the clearly shy girl out. Suzie felt just as awkward about being undressed, but unfortunately couldn't admit to it. The quiet girl started to whisper something to Jessie. The two seemed to have a bit of back and forth.
Jessie's hand set itself on Suzie's lap suddenly! "Suzie here isn't shy. You wouldn't mind taking off her your bikini, right?" Suzie's eyes went wide. She was about ready to declare how she would very much mind!
Suzie realized she'd dug her own grave. Again, she couldn't admit to her state of dress being an accident. She'd rather pretend to be a nudist than admit to all the earlier embarrassing moments. Suzie had no choice but to play along. "It wouldn't bother me at all. The human body is a... natural thing? Right? I mean, of course I'm right!"
Jessie patted Suzie's bare leg. She then brought her hands up and clapped. "Excellent, show Megan it's no big deal at all. If four girls can't prove it, surely five can!"
Suzie started to get awful stage fright. Megan and Jessie were staring right at her. Her bared breasts didn't seem as big of a deal now as she stood up. Her cute little panties people were thinking were bikini bottoms had to go. If Suzie didn't do it, she'd look even more foolish now. She had to double down on the exposure to avoid the extra embarrassment.
"I must be insane... showing my bare body to avoid embarrassment? There just isn't any winning some days," Suzie thought. She reached for her panties, and started to push them down. The cotton tried to cling to her skin, almost as if not wanting to be taken off either. Suzie shut her eyes, trying to ignore the fact the two girls next to her could see the entirety of her naked butt as she guided the panties to the floor.
Suzie was now standing totally naked and bare for the girls around. That's when she remembered there were three other strangers in the room, and they were getting a nearly full frontal view! Suzie fought the urge to cover with her hands, and instead just sat right back down to at least keep her pussy hidden. She then bent forward, her chest to her knees to reach the panties she had forgotten on the ground.
Sitting naked in a room of strangers had Suzie's heart beating fast. She didn't care that she wasn't the only one naked, she still felt out of place. She was worried her lie of being ok with nudity would be found. She worried what the girls thought of her body, plenty seemed to be stealing glances it seemed. She also worried how long things could go for.
"See, wasn't she brave? She knows that there is nothing wrong with this. Don't' be so stubborn. I know you can do it, I'd be so proud of you!" Jessie cheered the shy girl on. Megan's face was very red, even more so as Jessie got very close to her. Again, the Jessie girl seemed to have few boundaries, because one of her hands had found the bare lap of her friend. Suzie felt guilty to be watching so intently, but the fellow blonde's embarrassment was at least a distraction to her own concerns.
The two talked a little more, but Jessie proved to be a good negotiator. Megan's hands were fiddling with the top ends of the towel. She lowered the towel a small bit at first, exposing some of her chest. She tried to keep the towel and place and cover up again, but Jessie just urged her more. With a sigh, the girl let the towel drop till it was a half circle around her hips.
Megan tried looking away, her body tense. She was nearly about to shield her breasts, and her legs stayed as tight as they could, though Suzie could still see her tuft of light girl fur. "See, much better I bet! You won't heat up so bad like this."
"I'm not that heated up," Megan grumbled. Jessie just laughed and started to get closer to the girl, feeling her forehead. Suzie saw Megan get even more nervous with the personal contact. Suzie was glad she was at least not the most doted and focused on girl in the room anymore. Suzie knew she had to appreciate when the world gave her such small favors. Suzie just had to hope the three other voyeurs in the room were also paying more mind to the most recent addition to the little naked club.
Suzie couldn't think of an exit strategy. She was still only with panties, ones she didn't even have on anymore. The two girls she made a deal with were the only ones who knew she wasn't a nudist. Suzie couldn't imagine what they thought. She could only hope she'd never meet the three other girls again, they'd totally have the wrong idea of her. Suzie wasn't a nudist, she felt far from natural while sitting naked with others around.
The heated room was normally meant to be relaxing, but Suzie wasn't really feeling it. She wished she could just get dressed and go home, but she'd have to wait probably for everyone else to leave. Hopefully Jenny and Julie would wait around for her. She had to stall.
Jessie and Megan were in their own world and Suzie wasn't going to stare at anyone. She instead focused on the ground in front of her.
Suzie looked back up when she heard one of the girls clear her throat. "Um, it was nice meeting you all. Hope you have a nice day!" The brunette who was with Julie and Jenny was excusing herself it seemed. She was very quick to leave too, but seemed very nice.
Suzie then noticed that her friends had already left before her! Suzie needed that shirt!
She was about to get up to leave, but then remembered how she didn't have anything to change into really! Suzie only had a pair of panties to her name at that time and that wasn't enough to chase some girls down the gym halls!
"It is getting pretty hot, maybe we should get going?" Megan asked. Suzie agreed, but couldn't say as such.
Jessie wasn't ready to budge though, "We can go a bit longer, can't we? It's sooo relaxing!" Jessie then stretched out, her whole naked body there for both girls to look at. Suzie tried not to stare too much, but noticed Megan was intently looking at the woman too. Suzie wondered if Megan and Suzie were more than friends or not.
Suzie couldn't leave before them, so she tried to stick it out a bit longer. She had to hope she could maybe find a towel or something in the pool room, and could make it back to her locker. It was the only option for her it seemed. She tried thinking what her odds were, but they looked so grim.
Eventually, even Jessie seemed tired of lounging naked. "Ok, I think I'm all set! Will you join Megan and me in the showers Suzie?" the black haired woman showed no signs of joking with that question! Did nudists regularly shower together, or did Suzie just take the question the wrong way?
Either way, Suzie wasn't going to do her streak down the hall with them. "No, I'll be a few more minutes. It was nice meeting you both," Suzie said. She tried to look away as they stood up, as Jessie was still doing nothing to cover herself. Suzie didn't understand how people could still be so social with everything on show!
"It was great meeting you too! Your courage and beauty I think helped little Megan out of her shell today! Thanks!" Jessie called. Megan's face was still very red as she got herself tucked into her towel again.
"Don't forget this, and lets' just get going!" Megan whined, grabbing Jessie's towel and handing it to the naked woman. Jessie only slung it over her shoulder, and proceeded to leave the steam room with Megan tugging her along.
Jessie sighed in relief. She was finally alone again! She'd never been naked around so many people like that for so long. She wrapped her arms around her breasts, happy to cover again. She had zero plans of ever being nudist, she'd never get used to a feeling like that!
Suzie looked around the room. No towels left behind for her sadly. She really would have only her panties. Then panic set in again as she realized the room wasn't just devoid of towels, her panties were gone too!
"Nooo! Not them too! Oh my god!" Suzie gasped and tried to look every which way. Yet the room was nothing more than smooth wooden benches. One of the girls had to have taken them! Either it was by accident or someone did it on purpose. Did Jenny and Julie take them like they did her bra? Maybe Jessie or Megan grabbed them by mistake when gathering their towels?
Her planned streak through the building had even higher stakes now. She had to put her whole naked body on the line. This time, she'd not be doing so in front of nudists either; she'd be doing it in the public halls of the gym! She knew the whole place couldn't be clothing optional. She seriously could risk being kicked out or losing her membership if caught now. No way she could claim a treadmill took all her clothes. No one would believe her each piece of clothing was taken off on accident... really some of it was by her own limited choices!
She pushed the door to the sauna open. The naked girl saw the pool room was empty. The other girls had gone on ahead, so she hoped that meant she'd be able to avoid them easily enough.
At the doors out of the pool room, Suzie did her best to resign herself to her fate. She was about to streak from one end of the building to the other. Suzie gripped the door handle, and spent a few more moments hesitating. She looked back again, but nothing was going to help her hide how truly naked she was.
Suzie burst through the door. She took off running down the hall. Her only hope was to move fast enough no one would be able to actually see her. The plan was very flimsy, but she felt even if she carefully planned something, it could just as easily go wrong. The fastest option left fewer chances for things to mess up!
Suzie was nearly halfway there as she past the first couple of rooms. All was quiet for the time being, but she was almost to the lobby. She thought about stopping, but instead continued to just run forward. If a worker in the lobby saw her... she had to hope she could get to her clothes and dress before being caught! Maybe they wouldn't get a good enough look!
Suzie didn't even take the time to look back behind her as she passed the lobby. She didn't see anyone out of the corner of her eye standing in the middle of the room, but someone was very possibly at the desk!
Suzie sped right past though, and was now getting closer to the locker room! She didn't hear anyone shout for her to stop, and she wouldn't have even if they did! She just made a b-line for the locker room, and hid herself away!
Sounds of the showers running filled the room. Suzie saw no one immediately around her, which was good. Girls like Megan and Jessie were probably showering by this point. Suzie had to hurry before staff or either of them would find her again. She had to get clothes on!
She looked down the rows of lockers, hoping to find her bag of stuff. It should have been obvious; she remembered leaving the door open... but all the doors were shut tight there! She remembered the number, "G06" and tried to find it. It was where she more or less remembered it, but it was shut tight! Did someone knock it shut on accident? She could see her bag through the grating just barely!
Every bit of her street clothes was just on the other side. To be naked and unable to actually reach them was almost like torture! Suzie groaned in frustration. Her gym clothes and her regular clothes were all gone!
Suzie then heard the sound of water shutting off. The other girls in the room would be coming back her way. She wasn't sure if it was just Jessie and Megan, but either way she had lost so much of her nerves by this point. She didn't want to be exposed to anyone else. So she scampered away to the back corner of the room in the opposite direction of the showers.
The area was tight, and she really wasn't hidden back here. The row of lockers ended, and all she had was the corner that met up with a doorway, similar to the one in the racquetball room. Suzie still wasn't sure if staff might be following her. She was trapped at this point if they did come looking for her.
Suzie wondered if she had to swallow some of her pride, and just ask another girl for something to wear. Though being honest about her misfortunes before only ended up making things worse, maybe it was time she got some help. Her legs felt weak though, she really wasn't ready to expose herself to anyone again after the sauna.
Her indecision had her off balance. She couldn't stand still, and was shifting weight from foot to foot constantly. The murmurs of approaching girls startled the naked woman, and she started to lean back a bit too much to try and sink into the wall she thought she was pressed again. Yet being lost in throught, she didn't realize it was the door she was against! The latched clicked, and it started to swing right open!
Suzie did her best to right herself so as to not fall and hit the ground. She tried reaching out for something, but didn't find it. She bounced a bit, but managed to get up right. She turned and twisted, and did so just in time to see the door shut... but with her on the outside!
Suzie couldn't believe it, twice in one day she locked herself out into the alley, this time totally naked!
She almost started to pound on the door, but wasn't sure it would do much good. Though the embarrassment would be a lot of the reason to not have someone let her in, she had to imagine that no girl who was half dressed would just open the door to someone from the back alley!
Running back around to the front entrance only begged for more trouble. Suzie couldn't get to her street clothes and her gym clothes were either destroyed, lost, or taken. Suzie knew her only option anymore was to cut her losses.
So, Suzie snuck around the corner again, and slowly approached the parking lot. She had only her shoes and socks left anymore, a state she ended up in accidentally far too often. She couldn't believe how far she let things go, but felt so helpless against it all. She had a spare key to her car hidden under it, so she'd be able to get home almost fine. She didn't want to drive naked and sneak into her place, but again, today just wasn't the day for her at the gym!
So with a final groan while reflecting on her misfortune, the naked woman streaked to her car through the parking lot. Suzie wanted to try and look at the bright side and not let the day be a total waste. With all the sweating and running around she'd done to stay hidden, she was at least lucky enough to have gotten a decent exercise in, even if it wasn't as she had planned!
The End