Author's Note: Writing is very slow on this unfortunately, so I would expect progress to be slow. I would also expect later chapters to be shorter. This series started over on CHYOA, so if you want to follow along in shorter increments as I'm writing it, please go and seek it out there.
Day 3: Friday, May 3rd
You wake up in the morning, your dick hard as a rock. You had spent all night dreaming about the magical evening with Marina in the office. You guys had some fun and then some. First in your office, then hers. Then in yours once again. But as you wake up this morning, your thoughts cannot fully focus on that beautiful evening without thinking of everything else. And what lay in store today. You realized you had leaned into it and you were still alive. And as embarrassing as it all was, it was also fun.
You went back into the office just as you did yesterday, in sweats and a tee, walked into the office lobby and up the elevator. You once again come to the door of the office before stripping off, your bare skin exposed to the cold air. You put all your clothes in a bag, and knowing you need to be hard, you play with yourself. Thinking about the all hands and your rendezvous with Marina gets you hard before you know it and you confidently enter the office.
Once again attempting to play it cool, you nod at the bullpen as you briskly walk past. You try not to look into anyone's eyes, particularly Marina or Lisa so as to not lose your cool. You enter your office and set up, ready to work. First thing is first as always, check you messages and emails.
---------------------------------------------------------------
You have 3 messages. You start with the boss, Rachel, whose messages simply reads: "Good luck today!" Phew. Wasn't anything new at least.
Second was a message from Marina, "Hey, stud! Remember that second forfeit you owe me? Come to the conference room early for the on hands to complete it!" Great. That was going to be embarrassing. You react to the message with a thumbs up.
Lastly, Lisa has messaged you, "Hi John, thank you for the work on the product requirement today. Can you work with Jules and finish up the designs before the all hands?" Fairly normal request, though you didn't exactly relish working one on one with Jules in your office right now. Nevertheless, you drop her a message asking her to come in.
She smirks, getting up from the bullpen. This is the first time you looked out at the girls. Sandy and Olivia looked incredibly envious as Jules, in a black t-shirt and jeans that, along with her black hair and choker, contrasted beautifully with her pale skin. She entered walked over over confidently to your desk, and you began explaining to her the requirements of the document she needed to draw up for the contractor with exact details of everything to put into the product. As she starts to put the rough plan out, you notice she has missed out a loophole that might allow a malicious (or stupid) user to break the whole product and mess up the server. It's a common mistake Jules makes, not thinking about edge cases.
Having gone through most of the work over the course of a half hour, Jules says, "Alrighty then, bossman, I will bash this out in the next 10-15 minutes and send it over to Lisa and yourself" You wince, knowing the mistake probably won't get caught and Lisa would tear into Jules (again!).
You reply, "Hey, Jules, take your time. You want to do good work, don't forget that speed isn't everything"
"I know. But this is so basic. I could do this with my right hand tied behind my back in 10 minutes perfectly, it's so easy."
You smirk. There's only one logical thing to do next. Well, it's not logical, but in the moment, there was no other choice. The works escape your mouth before you can even think. "Wanna bet?"
Jules first looks taken aback by your proposition, which then turns to joy. She says, "I have an idea, but I don't know if you'll do it. If you want to prove to me speed isn't everything, how about instead of tying my right hand behind my back, instead it be doing something," she says, looking down at your junk, "else."
You gulp. She continues, in a sultry whisper, "If I can finish the design ready to be sent in 10 minutes with just my left hand, I get to lead you out into the bullpen and you work there today. Perhaps Emily could sit in here."
You look out at the bullpen, but you can see that while Sandy and Olivia are hard at work, Emily seems very distracted by what you and Jules are up to. You think that this is too far, that you should just say no to this. The bet itself is so extreme and sexual. But you catch Marina's eyes, who seems to know what is going on. Maybe she spoke to Jules beforehand. Maybe she just read your expression. Either way her eyes have a very clear message. "Do it."
You respond to Jules. "In return, I want to be able to pick what you wear for the next week"
Jules replies instantly, "Deal."
---------------------------------------------------------------
So there you were, setting 10 minutes on a timer, with Jules keeping her hand right by your rock hard dick, ready to grab it, left hand over the keyboard ready to start. You click the timer, and with speed Jules' left hand starts typing as her right hand strokes. At first it's slow and sensual, as she's concentrating on the work, only passively stroking you off. You also try to get some work done, this very odd scenario, as Rachel said, should affect your work as little as possible.
After about 3 minutes, Jules begins to stroke faster, working your shaft with a good pace now. Outside, you notice, everyone has stopped working to watch. "You know," Jules says, as you notice Olivia has her right hand down her skirt and a phone in her hand filming you, "we did get the memo about how you can't pop without permission. If you do, we get to decide your fate, yeah?" You couldn't tell what was more arousing - the exposure, the threat or the fact that Jules, who is too cool for everyone was being so damn seductive. She continued to work, cursing more than once about not being used to typing with just one hand. She then turned, giggled and said, "You must be used it, eh?"
You are astounded by how open Jules has been acting with you. "You've never been this open with me before" you say, without thinking.
Jules replies, "Well, you've never been this naked and hard before. It's, I don't know, disarming. Now, shush, I need to concentrate for this bit"
And with that the strokes slowed and she began furiously typing. As the 7th minute marked passed, you noticed she had not corrected the error. She was, in her view, almost done with the document. Around the 8th minute mark, she seemed pleased and clicked on save. She thought out loud, "I have 2 minutes, I could double check my work, or I could focus on winning in another way" Her devious smile was coupled with a sudden jolt of pleasure as she began to stroke as fast as she could with her right hand. "I can only use my right hand, but I can do other stuff." With that she got down on her knees in front of you, still stroking with her right hand. Her back to the office, she pulled her hands out of the sleeves of her tee and pushed it down, exposing her perky breasts to just you. She also leaned right next to the head of your cock, not touching it, her mouth open and tongue sticking out, just begging to either suck your dick. You could feel her breath on your cock.
You knew she hadn't fixed the error. So you just had to hold out. But it was difficult. Not just from Jules' stroking but also due to the peanut gallery gathered just outside, staring. But you finally locked eyes with Marina and her lusty eyes, threatened to put you over the edge. However, something changed and you felt her looking at you more kindly. She then motioned taking a big breath. You follow, and you continue, feeling the point of no return getting further away even as Jules strokes as hard as possible. 9 minutes up. The last minute Jules' tries her hardest and the breaths aren't enough anymore. Your toes are beginning to curl. You try your best to hold back, when BRIIINGGG. Time's up. You managed to get through.
Jules lets go of your cock, pulls her tee back up before standing up next to you. "Darn! I thought I would getcha twice. Well, anywho, I won the bet anyway"
You smirk, still trying to catch your breath. You say, "I think you'll find that line 5 has the possibility of server overload, which as you know is a major error"
Jules stares it down, horrified. This is just the type of mistake Lisa is constantly on her case about. She sighs, looking down and says, "Alright, what do you want me to wear this week. I bet it's the classic 'make the dark chick wear a sundress' schtick"
"Well, no, I want you to learn your lesson so you will wear this." you say, pulling out a dunce cap that Marina had to wear on a bet she lost to you on once.
"You just want me to wear a dunce cap?" Jules asked cautiously.
"Well, you forget to check for edge cases and they lead to server overload. So, to phrase it correctly: I want you to wear just a dunce cap. Today. I'll decide the rest of the days as they come. You can leave your clothes by the door"
You place the dunce cap on the table and pretend to get back to work and pay no mind to Jules. She slowly strips out of her tee, and you get to see her beautiful breasts again. She then quickly takes off her jeans and panties in one motion, trying to get this over with as quickly as possible, along with her sneakers and then the socks come off. She reaches for her choker and you interject, "You know what? Leave the choker on. It's not Jules without it" you say with a wink. You're enjoying this a little too much. Your cock twitches. Jules groans and picks up the dunce cap and puts it on her head and walk out to the bullpen to giggles among her associates out there. The usually milk pale Jules is looking a rather distinctive shade of red. you can't help but notice.
And as you look over to the clock, you realize it's not long to the all hands, so you better finish up the work on this before heading to Marina's planned forfeit
---------------------------------------------------------------
As you finish up the work that Jules left, occasionally glancing out into the bullpen to see the usually cool Jules blush bright red and looked embarrassed. Sandy and Olivia can't help but giggle and tease her, both of them happy to see her knocked down a peg. As you send out the email to Lisa, and gather all the documents you need for the all hands, everyone leaves. The bullpen empties, as all the women walk together to the conference room. That makes you sweat. They've gone to the conference room 20 minutes early. Where Marina also wants you to go. For your forfeit.
Marina breaks off from the rest of the women and walks towards your office door. Knock Knock. She beckons you out with a finger. You have no choice but to go the succubus, as though she were pulling you on a rope with that finger. And there was no doubt where she had tied that rope to your body.
"Hello, John! You had quite the morning. But I'm glad you won. Jules needed that. She's too bigheaded and thinks it isn't cool to try. Well, she's not looking too cool now, is she? Perfect punishment, hun" Marina giggled.
"Thanks! But I probably wouldn't have made it without your help"
"Don't mention it. Like I said, Jules needed that. But, anyway," Marina said, with a smirk, "are ya ready for what I have in store for you, big boy" You gulp. "Ready as I'll ever be" you squeak. "But what is it?"
Marina sways coyly, "I don't want to tell you yet. But I will say since there are no limits on the forfeit, I will be touching you for it. Don't worry, nothing that will be considered a forfeit in itself, but I want to walk you into the room."
You look confused. "What do you mean - walk me into the room"
"Glad you asked!" Marina said. With that she grabbed your shaft with her right hand and turn round pulling you with her towards the conference room
---------------------------------------------------------------
Marina drags you by your cock through the office to the conference room. You couldn't help but twitch multiple times. Each time, Marina would giggle slightly, with an exaggerated "Oh my!" She pushes open the conference room door and you are greeted by the girls sitting there on the round table. All eyes are on you being held humiliatingly by Marina, dragged by the shaft like a horny dog. She pulls you to the front of the table, before letting go turning to face you.
You look at the table and see everyone. On your right sits Emily, Lisa and Sandy all looking in absolute awe, like Christmas had come early. On the other side, sat Jules, naked as a jaybird. Next to her, sat Olivia, looking lustily at you.
Marina started, "Welcome everyone to the pre-all hands meeting. John, you must be wondering what is on the agenda today. Well, we're all very excited to see you present all the numbers, metrics and statistics of our success later in the all hands. However, there is one metric, one number, one stat, that all us girls are curious about. It's divided the office, really. So, as our resident statman, we would love if you could provide us with this number to settle this once and for all. Would you do that for us?"
You stumble for a second, unsure if she wants a reply. She quickly continues, indicating perhaps not, "Well, it doesn't matter. You have a forfeit to complete. So, the stat that us ladies desperately want from you is, how long that meat stick of yours is!"
The girls all cheered. You sweat. Your cock twitches.
"The division you caused among the office," Marina saying, picking up a wooden ruler that was a foot long, "is sitting in front of you. Jules and Olivia vs. Lisa, Emily and Sandy."
"So," Marina continued, circling you, slowly dragging the ruler over your upper body. She was enjoying this. She was having fun, a sort-of roleplay that helped make this fucked up situation feel normal. Feel sexy.
Marina noticed you zoning out and snapped her fingers in front of your face, bringing you back to earth.
"So," Marina repeated, now dragging the edge of the ruler over the length of you rock hard penis, "we shall have one person from each team verify the measurement. Would Olivia and Emily kindly join me up here?" Marina said softly.
As they get up, you realize both them and Lisa are the only women left who haven't gotten close up with you while you've been naked. The others - Marina, Sandy, Olivia - have done more than get close, they've each tried (and in Marina's case succeeded) to make you cum. Rachel hasn't touched you intimately but she's been really close. Well, in any case, it would soon be down to just Lisa.
They both walk up from each side and take their place next to you, staring intently down at your manhood. Marina dramatically places the ruler against your pelvis next to your dick. The situation is too much, and your cock is twitching with your heartbeat. Marina sighs, "Emily, would you please hold John's dick so I can get a proper measurement?"
Wait, what? Before you can react, you feel a small, soft hand, holding you cock in place. The first couple of twitches are meet with squeaks from the young intern, but she holds on as Marina places the ruler next your dick which is now held more stationary. Marina then speaks up, "Olivia, can you please use your hand to help me mark on the ruler?"
Huh? But again, you feel Olivia's plan held absolutely straight right against the tip of you cock, so that the end her fingers would fall on the ruler. Using Olivia's pinky, Marina made a mark with a pen on the wooden ruler. Olivia removed her palm from your tip.
Marina examined the ruler with a smirk. She goes to show it to the girls and then pauses, saying, "Emily, you can let go now, hun." Emily (and you) suddenly realize that she still has hold of your cock. Flushing red she lets go, leaving your cock bobbing up and down.
Marina then shows the ruler to the two girls, and you and asks the girls to read it out. Olivia goes first, "Seven point...." You notice both sides get minorly excited. Emily finishes, with defeat in her voice, "One"
Both girls walk back and sit down. It was easy to read between the lines. Clearly, Emily, Lisa and Sandy had lost. They look dejected but all look at each other and nod. Flushing red, they all stand up, and flash you their tits. Petite and young Emily had modest and perky boobs, supple and enticing. Lisa's had a good size and shape to them, begging to be grabbed in your palm. Sandy, in her baggy sweater had amazing boobs, big and perky, with small areolas and especially pink nipples. They held their shirts up for a really extended time and you wonder what their exact forfeit was. But soon, Marina, looking at her watch, says, "That's enough, ladies"
---------------------------------------------------------------
With that call from Marina, three sets of impressive breasts are put away. Lisa looks especially upset, muttering, "I can't believe we lost." Jules, who had been sitting there with nothing but a dunce cap on cut the tension with a comment. "Well, I don't feel like much of a winner right now" Everyone laughed. Olivia then spoke up, "Emily, could you pass me the tissues?" Grabbing a couple from the box that Emily had leaned towards her, Olivia made a big show of wiping some precum that you had left on your palm. While doing so, she continued addressing the losing side, saying, "I can't believe you guys thought it was over 7.5, Lisa. Don't get me wrong, John is rather impressive but he's not too big. It's," she said, meeting your eyes for the first time and realizing that she has been talking about you like a piece of meat, causing her to flush red and get shy. She finished, "j-just right"
You also flush red. There is an awkward silence before Emily speaks up, "I just, uh, didn't know, I had no reference so I followed Lisa."
Sandy then looked relieved, "Me too, I haven't really asked my partners about it, and I thought Lisa would be right"
That made sense. They must've assumed that Lisa, as the oldest of the betting group and the only C-suite lady that she would know better. What they didn't know that Lisa had been only one person - a bum she met in high school and had only broken up with him about 6 months ago. Lisa, looking down and flushing red then said, "Well, I've only been with one guy and he was, well, quite a bit smaller than John. He always said he was 6 inches, though, so I thought...."
This was met with some laughter, causing Lisa to be embarrassed further. Marina, who by this point had walked to Lisa's side gave her a kind hug from behind saying, "Aww honey, that's what they all say. Not everyone is quite as well endowed as our friend here"
The girls then started chatting idly as you stood there, placing papers on the desk, getting ready for the meeting. The door swung open, and Rachel entered. She joins you at the front of the table, turns to the ladies at the table and exclaims, "Are we ready to get started?!" The girls all cheer.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"Hello and welcome team, to our monthly all hands meeting! This has been a historic month for us, and the good news is that - we've finally made it. The sales this month have put us on the map, and it is only a matter of time before we secure further funding. So give yourselves a round of applause!"
Rachel finally paused her intro and everyone clapped. When the clapping died down, she spoke again, pointing towards Marina "I'd particular like to call out Marina, who tirelessly worked to get the deals over the line." Marina stood up and gave a bow. "And, of course, John for all the product improvements that helped garner all those sales. Oh, and also," she continued pointing at you right next to her, "for providing the whole team with the motivation to break past all our goals. Go on, give us a bow"
And with that you felt compelled to do so, giving everyone a small bow to thunderous applause. Rachel then continued, "So, I will hand it off to our big statman here to give you the rundown on everything we have going on"
You step forward. You start your presentation, first taking them through all the statistics. "As you all well know our sales last month increased by 250% from the previous month. That means that the month's sales were 3 and a half times that of the previous month!" The total sales number elicited a huge cheer and you couldn't help but imagine they knew it was this metric that had stripped you.
Marina whispered, just loud enough for everyone to hear, "And I love my reward."
You also made them aware of other statistics from last month - about how many sales leads were created, how many converted to sales and what the average sale was. It had become a little normal, with the girls taking notes and paying attention, despite many stares and smirks at your manhood.
Then you handed out their dossiers with projections. It's all going smoothly. Or as smooth as you can hope. "And lastly, here you will find your projections for the next month. These are your goals. The numbers this month are more uncertain than usual, we're coming off a huge boost and it's unclear how differently we will fare. Still, I believe in my numbers, and am confident that most of them will be right!"
There is a second of silence, followed by Jules softly muttering, "Wanna bet?" This sent the girls into uproarious laughter, all except Jules who was also sitting humiliated from a lost bet, despite being the one making the joke. Rachel steps in, saying, "I'm so glad you brought that up, Jules. I wanted to address the elephant in the room."
"The elephant has quite the impressive trunk!" came the reply from the table. It was Sandy! She was red and couldn't believe she had said it out loud. But quiet Sandy had just cat called him. Once again, laughter all around. Rachel simply smiled and waited for the laughter to die down. "We all seem to be having fun!" she said, moving to place a hand on your shoulder, "All of us." Rachel stared into your soul through your eyes for just a few seconds. "So here's my CEO directive for the future: Wagers are encouraged - not just with John but with each other. Marina tells me all of that has already begun and, while I didn't believe it at first, I now whole-heartedly believe that this will only benefit all of us. Of course, as John is the only man, he's the only person who can provide the, um, carrot, as well as the stick"
You felt every eye in the room burrow into you. And you remember you have to do a wager with each one of them (minus Jules) in the next week. Oof. Just as you are trying to come up with good ways to wager against some of the girls, Rachel interrupts your thoughts with, "and now, it's time for the monthly all hands picture!"
Oh shit. You had forgotten. There's pictures of every month hung up on the wall of the conference room and it's posted on the website. And you have to be in it, I don't think they'll accept you trying to avoid that! You turn to Rachel, "Rachel, can I cover up for this somehow" you say, sweating bullets.
Rachel exaggeratedly pretends to think, before smiling and saying a simple, "No." You hang your head. "But," Rachel adds, "If you give us your consent, we can make this a real all hands, and use our hands to cover you up for the pictures for the website and to hang up here!"
---------------------------------------------------------------
You consider this as the girls help set up the phone stand to take the pictures. You know the right answer. You can't have those photos on the website. On the wall forever. Your work life, which has recently felt like a weird dream dimension, would be revealed to everyone. Well, that was happening either way. Question is, what would everyone see? So you know gulp and say, "Yes, Rachel, I would like that"
Rachel leaned closer and whispered, "You need to tell them, John, tell them they have your consent and tell them why. The lawyers were very clear."
You look at the girls all setting up the shot, framing your naked body in the center of Marina's phone held up on the stand. It's in selfie mode, so you can see exactly the set up. "H-hey girls," you squeak which causes the chatter in the room to devolve into silence, with all eyes on you. You continue, "I am giving you guys consent to touch me, in exchange for covering me up in the pictures. Would you guys do it?"
The girls all look and each other and erupt into laughter. You catch a variety of responses in the affirmative, "Of course, hun" "Since you asked so nicely" "Anything for you, John" "Oh I thought you'd never ask" Jules looks confused and Marina tells her, "Look you're on punishment and don't want to be pictured naked, right? Just hide behind John and peek out for the picture."
After the phone was set up, the girls figured out their places. They were groping your cock and balls, all 6 girls (everyone in the office minus Jules) trying to cover you up with everyone's hands on you. You are rock hard and they constantly grab, let go and slide their hands over your cock. Emily and Sandy are too shy to talk but the other 4 were saying a lot. "Wow there's so much of it to go around?" "It's too big, maybe we can't cover it all? Should we call someone from next door to help" "I can't decide if I want the shaft or the head" Sandy, growing bolder from the other's comments, said, "This is what I call an all hands" She couldn't make eye contact with anyone after she said it, but everyone erupted in laughter and patted her on the shoulder.
Finally they settle on a placement. Sandy and Emily would kneel, one on each side of you. They would use one hand each to cover your balls. Olivia and Lisa would stand over them, using one hand to cover one half each of the base of your cock, crisscrossing their fingers together. Marina would grab and cover the entire remainder of your shaft, leaving Rachel to grab the head of your cock and cover it, much like one grabs the gearshift of a car. Jules got behind you and pressed herself against your back and you felt her boobs, soft against you. She peeked her head out. With 6 girls grabbing you dick, you stood there, gob smacked. Lisa then spoke up, "Someone has to go and start the pictures. It's on a 3 second timer to keep taking pictures, you just have to hit the button."
Marina let go of your shaft, uncovering that part of your manhood, walking up the phone. What a strange looking situation you see in the phone, 5 girls are holding your cock in a very awkward way. You also realize that this arrangement leaves little to the imagination. But little is better than nothing, you suppose. "How many pictures?" you manage to ask. Rachel looks contemplative and says, "We usually do about 4-5 and then we choose the best one" Great. 4-5. But what is taking Marina so long? Instead of pressing the button to start she's messing around in the menu. Lisa asks, "Marina, what are you doing?"
"Well," Marina said, "it occurred to me that John here gave us consent to touch in exchange for covering him for the photos. So well, we will cover him during the photos. But not a second before!" With that she pressed the button and rushed back to take her place. That minx! Instead of the 3 you expected to see the on the screen counting down, it instead said, 12. Before you could say anything, you feel Marina grab your shaft again. But she did more than grabbing, beginning to sensually move her hand slightly up and down, as much as the congested space with so many hands would allow. But soon, you felt Lisa and Olivia under her move in unison with her. You also felt Rachel slowly massage his head. Finally, you feel Emily and Sandy massage your balls. Even Jules stuck to you body and rubbed your chest with her soft hands The amazing feeling of so many women feeling you up, jerking you off was almost too much, but then Marina said, "Picture time!"
At you looked straight into the camera, and forced a smile. The girls went back to original position, covering your cock with their combined hands. Click. The picture of you and all the girls lingered on the screen for a couple of seconds, before the 12 popped back up. You realize the challenge for you will be to prevent yourself from cumming. And the girls realize this.
The topic they are talking about becomes your possible ejaculation, punctuated by Marina calling out for the picture being taken. Your eyes are closed, trying to stop from cumming. As you feel the amazing sensations you hear voices but can't attribute them to particular people. "Oh, if John cums, does he actually lose his job?" "Well, it's a fire-able offence" "I don't want this hunk to get fired" "Well, if we forgive him, then he can stay" "The question is....." "PICTURE TIME." Suddenly, the movements stop, but the pressure from the soft hands on your cock remains. You open your eyes and look at the camera again, for a photo. And the sensations start again. You close your eyes and the chorus begins again, "The question is what will it take for us to forgive him" Giggles. Rachel is being more vigorous rubbing the head. "Perhaps, he can give us consent forever" "Or, my friend from the 7th floor wants to know why I'm so happy. Maybe we call her in" "Isn't the 7th floor that pharma sales office filled with women? Maybe we send him there" "Picture time!" You open your eyes and force a smile again.
The words are having an effect on you, but everything is second to this humiliating stroking your cock is getting. It starts again. "Oh, yes that sounds good. Maybe he can go down to reception and get our packages one of these days" "I really liked the way Marina pulled him into the meeting today by his cock, I vote he get to do that every time he wants to meet with us!" Giggles. "Well, if - " "PICTURE TIME"
You open your eyes, barely. There's no way that was a good picture. You're struggling to hold on. When the sensation starts again, you are holding on. You suddenly feel a strange soft feeling enveloping your left ball. You open your eyes to see Sandy has taken your ball in her mouth. Your eyes close again, savoring this odd feeling of multiple hands, each stroking, rubbing, licking various parts of your anatomy. The girls continue to talk. "Well, if they aren't any limits, can't we make him do all of it?" Laughter all around. You hold on for dear life when Marina once again yells, "PICTURE TIME." You open your eyes and force a weak smile, very close to the edge.
And once again the girls resume stroking and teasing. This time, clearly Rachel says, "Since we all have our hands together let's all yell, 'Go team!' on one like we always do!" That's right, every year you all put your hands together and count down 3, 2, 1 Go team. Not usually for pictures. But you're more focused on not cumming, as you feel yourself getting to the edge. Soon, you hear Rachel countdown, as the teasing, the stroking, the rubbing of your head and fondling of your balls reaches a fever pitch. "3..... 2..... 1.... Go Team!"
As she counts down you start riding the edge, and on go team you're about ready to pop. But as they all scream in unison and you open your eyes, the girls all release you cock and raise their hands, as one normally does in a cheer. The sudden movement pushes you even closer to the edge, your cock now exposed to the open air. Your hips buckle, thrusting outward begging for touch. Your legs tremble. You ride the edge, desperate not to pop, a ruined orgasm. Click. A picture has been taken as you manage to stave off the sensation, just about holding on.
After a few breaths, you realize everyone has stood there in silence. Your cock is twitching, and pre-cum drips on the floor. The silence is broken by Marina who begins a slow clap. One by one the girls join in, cheering and wolf whistling as you stand there trying to recover from the most intense feeling you've ever felt. You are unsure if you are even happy that you made it, your cock uncomfortably overstimulated. Click. The camera grabs another picture
---------------------------------------------------------------
"You said you'd cover me up for the pictures" you finally manage to breathlessly say to the girls. Marina walks up to the phone, her phone and stops the camera, and says, "Yes, for the pictures for the room and website. We already took our 5 pictures, the last couple were just for us, and so we didn't cover ya" You stood there, uncomfortably hard in front of all the women in the office. They had seen everything now. Somehow they managed to see what it looks like when you orgasm, just minus the orgasm. You were desperate to cum at this point.
Rachel stepped forward and faced the group, "Now, now everyone, that was fun! Now we're back to no touching, and girls, I'm very serious about this, the lawyers were very clear. I once again wanted to thank you all for a great effort last month and hope it continues!" Cheers. "Final heads-up, we are hiring, so you may see some new faces around here and may be asked to show someone around! Now, I want all of you to head out into the bullpen for the awards ceremony!"
Everyone claps and begins to filter out of the office. Oh right, the monthly awards ceremony. The last thing - a couple of awards given to the most improved employee (called the Growth award) and the Employee of the Month. You feel lightheaded and high, your cock throbbing in a dull pain, desperate for relief. You start to move out to the bullpen, almost a zombie when Rachel grabs your shoulder. "John, can you stick around for a second" she said softly.
Everyone filters out of the room, leaving just you and Rachel. She stepped in close and said, "That must be unbearable by now," pointing at your throbbing cock, "and I don't want you to go out there with that discomfort, with your, uhm" Rachel hesitated, seemingly uncomfortable with what she was about to say. She steadied herself, putting doubt away and once again assuming the demeanor of the ruthless CEO. She continued, "With your balls full. The girls would definitely find a way to milk that cock and then you become essentially tied to us. They would make you do all kinds of embarrassing things, like the ones they mentioned. However..." she said, pausing dramatically, "I'm not the kind of boss who wants to use legal means to coerce you. So I offer you a deal. If you agree to trial the incentive system this once, it will show me that you are committed to giving this a go and I will let you unload those balls, without repercussion."
Your cock twitched. Your desperation to cum nearly had you give in to this proposition immediately. Yet you had the wherewithal to ask, "What does that entail?" Rachel replied, "Well, you will be the prize, in some way, for the awards." She sees you start to object so she adds, "I want to surprise you! It's more fun when we get to see your face. Of course the girls will get a choice, but it is obvious what they will choose." You are desperate to cum. But still you push on one more time, "Well, that's vague. If you're not gonna tell me, can I at least get some more benefits?"
Rachel smiles, placing her hand on your shoulder, rubbing you soothingly" John, you can trust me, it won't be anything you can't handle! But you're right. You still have to do a wager with pretty much everyone except Jules, yeah? How about this will count as your wager against me? I do want a minor thing in return, though, I want to lead you to the awards ceremony"
You couldn't bear it anymore, you were desperate and the deal seemed pretty good. "Deal." you say, barely managing the words. Rachel places papers in front of you to sign.
---------------------------------------------------------------
You feel like you're in a dream (or a nightmare) as Rachel leads you out of the conference by your rock hard cock, throbbing and uncomfortable to the bullpen. You see everyone gathered around the bullpen as you approach with Rachel to the stand in front of her and your office. There is whistling, cheering and applause as you make your way to the front. She lets go and turns around to face the team. Even as she lets go, you are so sensitive that you have a minor scare that you might just release then and there. Which you're sure isn't the plan.
Rachel starts, "Alright guys, let's hand out the awards for this month. I'm sure you're all wondering about the grand entrance me and John made and it is because we are trialing something today that we think could be revolutionary. We call it: THE INCENTIVE SYSTEM!" There is some clapping, but it looks like not everyone knows what she's talking about. Marina catches your eye, smirking, clearly in the loop as to what Rachel is referring to. Rachel continues, "Seeing as how we performed so well with certain incentives hanging over us, we have decided to make that formalized. It's just a trial for now, but as your reward for excellent performance this month the award winners may take the usual prize, or...." she paused, pointing both her hands at you with her palms open, "you may claim something from our office hunk over here!"
Rapturous cheering as you burn red and your cock twitches, as it has been for quite a bit. Rachel steps forward, "I don't know how much more he can take, so let's hurry this up and get started. The first of our two awards is, as always, the Growth Award. We've seen plenty of growth this week in the office," she said, eliciting plenty giggles from the girls, "but this award will go to the most improved employee this month. And the winner is.... Sandy!"
Sandy looks shocked as she steps forward towards you and Rachel. Rachel hands her the placard that reads, "Growth Award - April 2023" on it. A picture is taken but thankfully they do not include you in it. However, you do notices a couple of the girls taking their own pictures and videos. "Now," Rachel says, "You can either take the normal $100 Amazon gift card, or..... " she grabs your arm and drags you closer to Sandy, "claim the growth forfeits!"
Without a second of hesitation, "I'll take the forfeits!" Rachel smiles, "Ok! This is your prize: You can either give John here one or two forfeits. You can give him two forfeits, but these must be limited to the office premises and the office women only. Or.... you can give him one forfeit with no limits!"
You stand there stunned. All the things they spoke about doing if you came, the things you wanted to avoid, she could just make you do one of those! But you can't help but drip at the thought of doing some of them, showing off to more people. Sandy looked very please with herself, hopping back into the bullpen.
Rachel stepped forward again, "And now to the main event- THE EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH. Will our 3-time reigning champion," she says, placing her hand on your shoulder, "win his 4th in a row or will someone topple him!" The crowd began to cheer and cat call. The Chorus of voices all converged and began to chant all together, "MARINA! MARINA! MARINA!"
Rachel laughed and indicated for them to quiet down. Once the cheers died, she exclaimed, "Looks like the people and spoken and rightly so! For our excellent sales, our Employee of the Month is Marina!" Marina walked down and grabbed her plaque and took her picture. She then sauntered over to you and began to lightly touch your shoulder, gently stroking your forearm. "In lieu of the customary champagne, you can pop something else," she said. Marina wasted no time, grabbing your cock and beginning to stroke slowly. Some of the girls gasped. Rachel spoke over the sight, "Now, ladies, this one is allowed as part of the program, so it is not a fire-able offence. Look away if you don't want to see this." Not a single lady looked away. Lisa and Olivia stare deeply as Olivia films you on her phone. Emily looks transfixed at what is going on. And Jules.... oh my. You see naked Jules, without inhibitions, with one hand on her exposed crotch, touching herself sensually and the other caressing one of her ample breasts. Marina stroked faster and you struggle to hold on much longer. Rachel continued, "As you continue to claim your prize, let me tell you what you won aside from the ceremonial pop. For the employee of the month, I grant, as per agreement from our marvelous hunk here, CONSENT FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE MONTH!"
Just as she says that you give in, as Marina milks your cock in front of the entire office to gasps and applause. That might be the hardest you have ever cum.
---------------------------------------------------------------
You stand there, legs shaking, still feeling waves of joy as Marina continues to milk every last drop from you. There is utter silence, as she slows down to a standstill and lets go for your cock. Lisa begins to clap, and is soon joined by the others, as though they had been knocked out of a trance. You take it all in recovering from the most intense experience you had ever experienced.
Rachel steps up once again for an announcement, "All right, guys! That was the best month yet! Final announcement: Along with the new hire interviews, we also have Businesswoman Weekly who will drop by some time next week. They want to catch us in our natural environment, so they won't tell us the exact day! Now as always when we have a good month, you guys can take the rest of this off! Goodness knows you earned it!" With that everyone starts to chatter preparing for the end of the day. The rest of your time is daze. You know you speak to people, you go back to your office to close out some files. At some point Jules came to collect her clothes before leaving. Before you know it the office is emptied out. It's just you.
You go to grab your bag from from the corner of your office to see that it's empty.
"Looking for this?" you hear Marina's voice say, holding your clothes.
"Look, Marina, I really like you and I am having fun, but I just want to get dressed and go home now" you say.
She tosses you your clothes, and you are so stunned that you didn't catch them. She then said, "I just wanted to tell you that I made reservations for dinner at 8, and you oughta wear something nicer than these baggy shorts. Show me a good time, make me laugh and make me cum harder than you just did in front of the whole office, okay?" She slowly began caressing your cock.
"Show me a good time this weekend and maybe I'll be good to you as well" she said, stroking some life back to your cock.
"I don't know how I will be able to control myself during the interviews, with this thing just sitting there next to me" she said, stroking faster, "or when the magazine cameras show up. It will be interesting. And remember! No cumming unless I let you. Unless we let you."
She was once again sped up and your cock was nearly at full mast. She then said, "Oh babe! I wanted to ask you! What do you think of my new lock screen image?" She flashed her phone at you displaying the picture taken in the meeting, as all the girls surrounded you but released their hands from your cock, leaving it hanging in the air, riding the edge of orgasm, as hard as possible, with your face scrunched up expecting a release that would not come. That was it, your cock was rock hard now.
Marina let go. "Get dressed and meet me for dinner" she said, softly. She then pulled you in for a long passionate kiss. A kiss that turned into another and before you knew it you had pushed Marina up against a wall and lifted her up by her ass. You kiss her neck and she moans loudly. "I, uh, I thought," Marina said breathlessly between moans, "I could hold out till dinner! But enough teasing." You let her down and saunters over to your desk, pulling it down. She then sits atop it, spreads her legs and sexily pulls her panties off.
"Before dinner, I want you to eat something else"
You can't help but think this is a great end of the week and a great start to the weekend.