Julie was a natural 27-year-old beauty with long legs, apple sized tits, a flat stomach and a tight little ass. Julie was the type of gal who would turn every eye along the sidewalk as her sexy heart-shaped butt sashayed down the concrete catwalk. Best of all, Julie was a secret exhibitionist.
The lovely thing about Julie was that she came across as the totally good girl next-door type. Julie always had a ready smile and a happy disposition that lit up any room. While Julie's elegantly shaped young body did radiate a naturally sexy glow, almost nobody would have imagined the torrents of wickedly explicit sexual energy that was hidden behind her charming personality.
Julie still had her sights out to find a Mr. Right. Nonetheless, every 3 or 4 months something would happen to her newfound relationship that always seemed to end up in frustration and disappointment. Most of the guys Julie dated were rather conventional in the bedroom and unfortunately she never seemed able to effective communicate some of her secret sexual desires to those straight-laced men.
Julie and I first started out as friends, but over the course of a few months we started playfully crossing over the line. We had great conversations about everything regarding life, friendships, art, books, and of course some fired-up discussions about the various sexual desires between men and women.
I guess my free-spirited, open-minded attitude about life allowed Julie to feel comfortable in finally revealing some of her pent-up exhibitionist fantasies to me. It soon became obvious that Julie processed a truly awesome exhibitionist spirit that was mostly locked away from the outside world.
Wow, a little bit of knowledge can be a powerful thing. Julie was now giving me the key to play the bad boy so that she could play out her role of being a very naughty girl. Julie had chosen the right guy to play the bad boy part, now it was up to my creatively wicked mind to launch this secret exhibitionist into the skies!
So one evening my "bad boy" mind came up with a very provocative idea. With a bit of boldness, I wickedly commented to Julie that I wanted to show off her sexy naked butt to some other people as her asshole performed an orgasmic dance during the peak of her orgasm. Julie momentarily looked a bit stunned. Holy fuck, I kind of wondered if Julie's exhibitionist spirit was really prepared for such a mind-blowing proposal.
So let me just state here for the record that one of the most truly erotic scenes that a guy can ever witness is the unbridled spasm of a woman's asshole during the peak of her orgasmic release. Now most women have their most "powerful" orgasms when positioned on top of the guy, since this allows them more control over the speed, angle and tempo of the penis pounding into their fired-up pussy. The more powerful the woman's orgasm the more provocatively her sexy asshole will dance and spasm. It really is a fuckingly erotic display, which is beautifully framed between their sexy butt cheeks. In my opinion it is one of the sexiest shows on earth!
Julie was initially blown away with my wicked suggestion, but the crazy idea played into some of her naughty exhibitionist fantasies. Since she knew I was not bluffing she took the bait with two conditions. First the guy was not to know of the possible setup, but rather things should evolve naturally as if everything was happening by accident. In this way we could stop the action at any point without anyone losing face. Second, Julie wanted to select someone we both knew. Both of these conditions were fine with me.
After tossing around a bunch of names, we finally decided upon our mutual friend named Jim who was currently in the process of getting a nasty divorce. Jim was the perfect candidate because he was not the brightest guy in the world and therefore would be rather clueless about any setup that we might plan. Thus Julie and I would be able to adjust or even abandon any plan as it unfolded without Jim being any the wiser.
A week later I invited Jim over for the evening to have some drinks at my house. After cracking open a couple of beers, Jim and I settled into the living room to continue the conversation that we had been having about his recent divorce. Jim sat in the recliner chair across the living room from me as I sat on the couch. Julie meanwhile was in the kitchen chatting on the phone with a friend.
Jim spilled out all the problems he was having with his ex-wife as they fought over custody of their two kids. It sounded damn messy! After about 20 minutes of rather depressing conversation, my cell phone started beeping up a storm. Of course this was my first setup towards my wicked plan. I apologized to Jim for breaking our conversation, as I proceeded to look at the incoming text message. My eyes scanned the screen as I uttered in a very annoyed voice "damn it."
Jim inquired what was the problem upon seeing that I was a bit perplexed having read whatever was on my cell phone screen. In a slightly frustrated voice I started to describe Julie's monthly hormone cycle that we had been mapping out recently. I told Jim that by mapping out Julie's hormonal rhythm accurately we could safely avoid using birth control. At least that was the hope. But one of the key elements of the mapping process was that we had to take her body temperature 3 times a week at roughly the same time each of those evenings. I told Jim that I had setup my cell phone to alert me so that I would not forget the temperature reading schedule, otherwise our whole monthly hormonal charting would get thrown off.
Jim was still digesting this information as I called out to Julie. Julie walked into the living room to find out what was up. In a somewhat impatient tone of voice, I told Julie that she needed her body temperature recorded within the next hour for her hormonal mapping chart. Julie looked a little startled. Without skipping a beat and with a little discreet wink to Julie I told her to get the thermometer and some lotion. Julie bit her lip slightly in hesitation before turning her jean-clad butt towards the bathroom to retrieve the items.
I then continue to explain to Jim that the whole importance of this body temperature reading had to be done with the upmost accuracy. Part of the process of obtaining good results was that we had to take 2 separate temperature readings over a 30-minute period of time and then average the results. Since I did not want to disappear into the bedroom for 30 minutes to get Julie's temperature reading, I decided I would do it here in the living room if that were OK with him. Jim's head nodded in agreement but I could tell he was a little perplexed about whatever I was talking about. So far so good...
Julie came back into the living room with the thermometer and bottle of lotion in her hands. I could see there was a little smirk on her face as she started to imagine some of the wicked ideas that might be swirling around in my head. In a nonchalant voice I instructed Julie to lie over my lap as I moved to the center of the couch. I noticed Jim's mouth drop slightly open as it started to sink in exactly what might be happening in the living room. To put Jim at ease, I casually stated that since Jim was on the other side of the room he wouldn't be seeing anything more that what could be seen at any public beach.
As Julie laid her sexy torso across my lap, her firm little butt was pushed up slightly in the air. God did she look sexy! Jim still seemed a little uncomfortable, like a deer in headlights as he sat frozen in his chair.
Julie grasped both sides of her tight jeans and helped me slide them off her heart-shaped butt. Julie was wearing a sexy pair of white thong panties giving herself a little semblance of modesty on her otherwise naked ass.
Julie was still fairly clothed since her jeans were only pulled down to her upper thighs and she had a white t-shirt on. From Jim's point-of-view, he was only able to see the outlines of Julie's upturned butt, so for him it was still a reasonable assumption that nothing overly crazy was going on.
While Jim could only see the outlines of Julie's firm golden butt cheeks sticking up in the air, I had a better view. Looking down between the crack of her ass was nestled the thin strip of white fabric of her thong panties that barely hid her sexy asshole. Ah, it was going to be fun to tease Julie's sweet little ass with Jim looking on.
With excellent timing, Julie asked Jim what we had been talking about. Perfect question since it helped temporarily redirect the focus back onto Jim's conversation about his divorce. I gave Julie a discreet squeeze of approval as I contemplated the delicious irony of Jim having to continue the conversation about his ex-wife and their nasty divorce while Julie was having her asshole penetrated with a thermometer just 10 feet away from him. God knows what was rushing through his head!
As Jim started to babble on a bit in a slightly incoherent way about his divorce, I dropped a few drops of lotion onto my fingertip. With my left hand I slightly pushed aside the strip of fabric in Julie's ass crack so that her little asshole was fully exposed to my view.
Julie let out a little giggle as my lotion covered fingertip made contact with the rim of her asshole. The cool sensation of the lotion made Julie's asshole contract involuntarily. Goddamn that looked sexy! Julie's cute little asshole was starting its seductive dance in hopes of being the star attraction for this evening's erotic entertainment.
I slowly moved my finger around the tight edge of Julie's asshole coating it with a silky layer of white lotion. Julie let out a small groan of satisfaction at being displayed in such a rather erotically charged manner.
From Jim's perspective, he could see my finger disappearing enticingly between Julie's sexy butt cheeks. He also could hear Julie's soft groans of approval as her naughty asshole was being played with. It was becoming increasingly difficult for Jim to carry on any conversation having to do with his ex-wife. It was like his angry feelings about his divorce were slowly slipping away. Sometimes a good distraction is the best medicine.
Using both of my hands, I confidently spread apart Julie's firm ass cheeks to give me unrestricted access to her naughty little asshole. I now picked up the thermometer and slowly directed it between her sexy butt cheeks. Julie let out a playful giggle as the cool tip of the thermometer tauntingly pressed against the tight opening of her sexy asshole. To add a little heat to the fire, Julie wiggled her cute butt in mock approval knowing full well that her puckered anus was about to be penetrated. Ah, let the games begin!
Julie's asshole quivered as I slowly pushed the thermometer inside the tight confines of her anal canal. Julie's exhibitionist little asshole was performing beautifully. Almost subconsciously, Julie let out a sexy moan as she felt the slippery device advance into her hot anus. Jim had stopped talking as his mind stumbled willingly into the erotic aura of the moment. As I looked down between Julie's butt cheeks, I was treated to a wonderful view of her asshole tightening nervously around the thermometer in silent anticipation of what might happen as the evening progressed.
Beautifully increasing the buildup of sexual tension, Julie playfully wiggled her naked butt towards Jim so that he could get a glimpse of her ass crack with the thermometer implanted into her tight asshole. Holy fuck did Julie know how to tease a guy! My cock was also being swept up in the seduction as it pressed firmly against my jeans pushing forth with lustful desire.
The shifting of gears had already started within Jim's mind, but I still needed to handle things with a bit of finesse so that our erotic setup would seem to evolve naturally. With a matter-of-fact tone of voice, I asked Jim if he and his ex-wife had every tried mapping out her hormonal cycle. Jim let out a slightly pent-up laugh. With a little self-mockery, Jim joked that maybe if he had, he could have avoided many nasty arguments that seemed to occur during his wife's hormonal days. All of us laughed together.
I started to sense that the overall mood in the room was drifting into a very sexually charged vortex of erotic playfulness. The thermometer poking out of Julie's sexy asshole finally let out a series of beeps. I slowly pulled the thermometer out of Julie's asshole, which playfully gave me a farewell wink. It read 98.7 degrees. We had successfully accomplished our first temperature reading for the evening.
It was now time for me to up the ante. In a fairly nonchalant voice I asked Julie if it would be OK if I were to demonstrate the whole precise methodology of doing accurate temperature readings so that Jim would have the knowledge for future use. Jim's eyes grew big but he said nothing since I had directed the question to Julie instead of him. In a slightly innocent tone of voice, Julie responded that she didn't have a problem with it as long as her panties stayed mostly on her butt. With that approval locked into place I motioned Jim to move his chair closer so that he had a better view.
Jim's face blushed a rosy red, but the screws of seduction overcame any hesitation as his mind lustfully wanted to gaze down upon Julie's marvelously exposed butt. Jim pulled his chair up close so that his hungry eyes had a good view of Julie's sexy ass.
Immediately I could sense Julie's nervous excitement in having two sets of eyeballs within a couple feet of her almost naked butt. Julie's breathing became a little heavier as her body started to react to her extremely compromising, but titillating situation. Julie knew full well that her little anus was only minutes away from being fully exposed before Jim's lust-filled eyes. Julie's sexual desires of revealing her innermost private treasures under the hungry gaze of two sex-starved males were starting to set fireworks within her exhibitionist soul.
The little white fabric of Julie's thong panties that went up the crack of her beautiful ass left little to the imagination. My little exhibitionist goddess knew full well that only a small strip of fabric was between our lustful eyes and the explicit treasures between her sexy butt cheeks. With expert timing, Julie's sweet lips let out a seductive moan that encouraged me to charge ahead with our wildly decadent plan.
With wicked delight I provocatively spread Julie's butt cheeks apart, causing her thong panties to wedge tightly along her sweet ass crack. Holy fuck! Jim and I were treated to a wonderful view of Julie's cute asshole that was peaking playfully around the edge of her thong panties.
Julie let out another groan as my fingers continued moving, poking and exploring around her butt and close to her anus. During all this commotion I finally used one of my hands to push aside the white fabric of her thong panties so that one of my fingers could gently rest on the rim of her asshole. Julie's heartbeat quicken as a surge of sexual energy swept across her beautiful body.
Julie's little asshole tightened mischievously in reaction to the gentle pressure from my finger. A ripple of tension moved over Julie's body as she reacted to this new provocative development. Jim's eyes were glued to the highly erotic scene as my fingertip slowly made a circle around the rim of Julie's exposed asshole. Good God how I loved showing off Julie's tight little anal hole! Julie let out a girlish giggle as I continued to playfully tempt Jim's eyes with explicit views of her sexy butthole.
Seductively I gently moved my fingertip around the rim of Julie's sexy asshole until it wickedly approached the edge of her anal opening. I could feel Julie's heart was pounding as she took a deep breath. My cum filled balls were boiling with pent-up desire just witnessing this extremely explicit scene. Slowly my naughty fingertip drifted over the rim of Julie's asshole and pushed ever so slightly into her tight little anus.
Holy fuck, my cock was starting to strain against the confines of my pants in anticipation of fucking Julie to kingdom cum. Julie let out a super sexy groan signaling her lustful approval of the activity happening between her butt cheeks. Fuck I love a woman who takes pleasure in being a bit of an exhibitionist! Jim was thoroughly enjoying the show as he had a big grin on his face. Slowly, teasingly, I wiggled my finger about an inch into Julie's very tight naughty ass.
With my finger implanted firmly inside Julie's butthole, it was evident that our erotic plan was working brilliantly. Without missing a beat, I hooked another finger firmly around the fabric of Julie's panties and pulled them aside to fully expose her cute little pussy and asshole. Julie gasped as her long legs and butt shuddered nervously. Jim's eyes exploded with delight at the wonderful view. Now both of Julie's sexy little holes were fully on display.
Julie was starting to breath more rapidly as her fiery exhibitionist desires and fantasies started to collide with reality. Call me crazy, but showing off Julie's tight little anal hole to another person was fucking hot! My wild imagination soared wickedly into the realm of future possibilities where I could expose Julie's sexy butt to maybe a small group of men and women at a very exclusive private party! Fucking awesome, mind-blowing thoughts!
I loved playing the "bad boy" role knowing that Julie's secret exhibitionist cravings could be temptingly revealed in such explicit detail. As they say, knowledge is power. My carnal knowledge of how to propel Julie's delightful exhibitionist spirit was now shaking the foundation of her very erotically driven soul. Fucking awesome! Julie's sexually charged body shuddered with heated anticipation as little beads of moisture started forming around her hot pussy lips.
Julie began to groan with intense pleasure as her pussy started to gush with her natural juices. Hot damn she was fired up! Continuing the wild build up of sexual tension, I playfully squirted a glob of lotion onto my finger and then pushed my finger up into Julie's tight anus. Julie trembled in delight the moment the cool lotion invaded her narrow passageway. Fucking hot! Julie wiggled her naked butt seductively as she continued to enjoy the erotic sensations that were happening between her butt cheeks.
Julie groaned passionately as I continued to showcase her sexy anus to the eye-popping delight of both Jim and I. Julie's tight anal canal gripped my invading finger snuggly as I continued to push the cool milky liquid into her super hot asshole. Fuck I loved invading her tight butthole with my finger!
I then mischievously decided to see what would happen if I squirted a big gusher of lotion directly into Julie's hot little anal canal. With wicked joy, I instructed Jim to firmly pull Julie's ass cheeks apart to give the bottle of lotion unrestricted access into her tight little asshole. Jim hands trembled with delight upon touching the beautiful round globes of Julie's firm butt cheeks. Jim was in booty heaven!
Julie let out a girlish giggle as the cool tip of the bottle pressed up against the rim of her asshole. Slowly I inserted the tip so that it slightly penetrated up into her tight anal canal. Sensing what I was about to do, Julie started moaning and squirming with a concentrated sexual urgency. Jim kept Julie's butt cheeks firmly spread apart as we gazed lustfully at her vulnerable quivering asshole.
With the tip of the nozzle firmly planted inside her asshole, I slowly started to squeeze the lotion into her puckered anus. Julie let out a very loud moan as the cool lotion spurted up into her tight anal passageway. Holy fuck, I wanted to dump my sticky hot seed deep inside that tight little ass!
I was in such a fucking daze of sexual euphoria that I almost forgot about the so-called temperature demonstration I had promised to show Jim. Regaining focus, I then mockingly commented to Jim that it looked liked Julie's asshole was ready for the insertion of the thermometer. Julie chuckled in agreement as she tauntingly wiggled her butt playfully on my lap.
Lightheartedly I asked Julie if we could proceed with the temperature reading demonstration using her lubed-up butthole. Julie giggled as she told us that her backdoor was open for whatever we needed to do. Holy fuck did Julie know how to be a hot-assed sexual tease!
I decided to let Jim have the honor of inserting the thermometer up Julie's sexy butthole. Jim's hands shook nervously with delight as his hand settled down between Julie's golden butt cheeks and took aim at her exposed asshole.
Julie let out a little moan as Jim placed the tip of the thermometer at the entrance to her sweet anus. The rim of Julie's asshole contracted slightly as the cold thermometer touched her very private area. It was fucking hot watching Julie's cute little asshole as it quivered enticingly before our lust-filled eyes.
Jim started playfully teasing Julie's asshole with the thermometer, pushing slightly in then out. Good God this demonstration was going well. A deep moan escaped Julie's lips as she let the thermometer invade her tight little hole. Ah, what a fuckingly erotic sight! Our eyes feasted deliciously on Julie's tight little buns that were still splattered with white lotion which were framing a cute sexy asshole along with the enticing folds of her pussy. A fucking damn sexy sight!
I playfully massaged Julie's firm ass as Jim pushed the thermometer deeper into her butthole. Julie's asshole shuddered a bit from all the attention it was receiving. I then slipped a couple fingers up Julie's pussy to explore her other hot hole. Julie squealed in girlish delight. Holy fuck was she wet! All too soon the thermometer beeped as Julie's asshole constricted around the little device that had invaded her little butthole so beautifully. Julie giggled as Jim slowly pulled the thermometer out of her anus. The temperature reading was 97.6 degrees, damn perfect for a sexy ass babe!
With Julie's sexy butt in such a compromising position, I decided to up the sexual ante and blaze a new mental trail of sexual discovery for Julie's delightedly naughty exhibitionist mind. Dripping with irony, I boldly commented that the white lotion that was splattered around Julie's upturned ass looked a lot like white cum against her golden butt cheeks. Julie laughed with wicked delight as she glanced over her shouldered at her splattered naked butt with a sultry smile on her face. Carrying forth with my little mind game, I then jokingly asked Jim to make a wild guess about how much hot cum he thought could be pumped into Julie's naughty asshole and pussy. Holy Fuck! Nothing like firing up the imagination!
Fuck, talk about an icebreaker! Julie's already wet pussy was gushing like hell as the sexy lips of her vagina started to swell with wild thoughts of being fucked, used and filled with raging cocks shooting their sticky loads deep inside her. My wicked question also had a major effect on Jim's cock as it pitched a massive tent within his pants at the powerfully suggestive imagery that I had now unleashed.
Julie let out another sexy giggle as I firmly spread apart her butt cheeks so that Jim and I could gaze into her tight anal canal and pussy as we wickedly commented on the amount of cum that could be spurted into her naughty holes. Our explicit conversation had broken forth a torrent of sexual energy all focused on Julie's naked little butt. Fucking wonderful!
This whole wild, seductive plan now was leading up to what I hoped to be the main event. In a very direct manner, I asked Jim if he would like to witness the orgasmic dance of Julie's asshole during the peak of her sexual release. Jim's eyes exploded with heated desire at the thought of seeing such an intimate visual display of Julie's wickedly naughty anus. Fuck yes Jim wanted to see the performance! I couldn't help but chuckle at myself for asking such a stupid question. Honestly, after this much buildup, what guy could ever refuse an invitation to watch Julie's sexy asshole in such an erotically explosive show?
I now gave Jim the full game plan about how this erotic show would unfold. Julie let out a heated moan upon hearing how her naughty asshole was to be used and displayed for our viewing pleasure. It was Julie's exhibitionist dream come true. As if on cue, Julie's little asshole tightened with nervous anticipation as it now knew it was to be the star of this evening's entertainment. The main erotic event was about to begin.
With an uninhibited rush of pure spontaneity, Julie got up from my lap with a naughty little grin on her face. Julie then stripped off the rest of her clothes until she was stark naked. Standing in front of Jim and I, Julie seductively licked one of her fingers with her tongue. With a sexy smirk, Julie then turned around and bent over so that Jim and I had a direct view of her cute little naked butt. Placing her wet finger at the entrance to her asshole, Julie teasingly asked if her tight 27-year-old anus would be able to fulfill the erotic needs for tonight's entertainment. Wow, what a fucking hot introduction!
Jim and I laughed with heated encouragement. Seductively, Julie's petite finger now taunted us as it pressed slowly into her puckered little asshole. Julie orgasmic anal audition was now beginning. With a sexy little moan, Julie pushed her finger a little deeper into her tight ass. Julie's exhibitionist spirit was bursting forth with sexual confidence. Fucking hot! The white boiling cum in my balls surged with desperate desire to be unleashed into the sexual temptress that was now bent over in front of me! Fucking, fucking HOT!
Popping her petite finger out of her asshole, Julie then got onto the floor on all fours as she wiggled her beautiful little butt in our direction. Her little puckered asshole was ready to receive its audience. Hot damn! Jim and I peeled off our clothes allowing our cocks to spring free. Lust was in our eyes as our dicks popped out at full salute. We were all horny as hell.
Julie eagerly straddled on top of me as I laid down on the floor. Positioning my super hard cock at the entrance to her very wet pussy, Julie groaned with wild abandon as my dick filled her tight cunt. God, her hot pussy felt wonderful around my enraged cock!
According to plan, Jim moved his face directly behind Julie's exposed upturned butt. I grabbed around Julie's waist so that my fingers dug into her butt cheeks with the evil intent of spreading them apart to fully expose her vulnerable asshole to Jim's lustful eyes. I wanted Jim to have an explicit view of her sexually charged anus as I pound my cock into her pussy. Julie cried out in sheer delight at being used and exhibited in such a wildly wicked way.
I pounded my hard cock into Julie's hot pussy with full force. My balls were aching to release their hot, sticky load. Still gripping her sweet butt cheeks, I pulled her tight buns apart and encouraged Jim to lick Julie's naughty asshole.
I knew that Julie's exhibitionist fantasies would explode full force with the knowledge that her little butthole was being displayed and licked in such an intimately exposed way. Julie's body shook with a feverish jolt of sexual energy as she felt Jim's hot tongue pressed up against her exposed asshole. Holy fuck she was on fire!
Jim was being treated to an extremely intimate front-row seat of Julie's anus as his tongue darted around the crack of her sexy ass. God damn, Jim was a lucky man!
Julie's flushed face showcased a woman that was blasting off into the wild frontier of sexual ecstasy. Julie's exposed ass was finally getting the full erotic attention it craved. I could sense that my naughty little princess was about to reveal the full erotic glory of her super sexy little asshole during the throes of orgasmic passion. Julie was going mad with unfettered passion as she bounced feverishly up and down my hard cock as her little asshole was being invaded by Jim's tongue.
Suddenly, Julie let out an earth-shattering moan as her body shook violently atop my hard cock. Wave upon wave of orgasmic energy jolted throughout Julie's sexy body. I could sense Julie's sexy butthole trembling with exhibitionist zeal at its moment in the spotlight. Holy fuck! I could only imagine the explicitly erotic imagery that Julie's orgasmic asshole spasms were providing for Jim's viewing pleasure.
Holy FUCK! Just the wicked thought of what was happening down between Julie's ass crack was enough to push my lust-filled mind into overdrive. Suddenly I let out a massive groan. My cock could not withstand the fired-up passion of a hundred million sperm that lurched violently toward Julie's hot pussy. Gripping her sweet ass tightly, I pounded Julie's naked body down upon my hard shaft and released a gusher of hot white cum deep inside her wet cunt. Fucking glorious! My sexy goddess screamed in wicked ecstasy as she felt my cock unleash spurts of hot, sticky cum deep inside her heated loins.
Fuck that felt good! My mind drifted a bit in a hazy euphoria as the last regiments of my hot sperm invaded the inner depths of Julie's well-fucked pussy.
Julie collapsed on top of me as minor jolts of sexual energy continued to flow over her sexy body. Looking across Julie's upturned butt cheeks I could see that Jim had a big grin on his face. Fuck, what an amazing show he just had!
Finally the mind fog began to clear after a few minutes and my lustful spirit started taking a hold of me again. My mind was exploding with super-heated thoughts of peering into Julie's tight anal canal as her asshole spasm with orgasmic glee. I wanted to see the amazing show that Jim had just witnessed!
Having regained my breath, I slapped Julie's butt cheeks hard and told her that it was my turn to watch her little asshole's orgasmic dance. Julie giggled sexily as she slowly got up and then playfully bent over so that her little butthole was fully on display for my viewing pleasure. I could fully sense Julie's exhibitionist spirit was relishing the sexual power of her naked butt, which could drive men wild with lustful passion. Fuckingly beautiful!
Now it was Jim's turn to fuck Julie's cunt to kingdom cum! Jim's cock was as hard as a board and he was desperately ready to piston drive Julie's pussy into sexual nirvana. Jim laid down on the floor with his hard shaft pointed towards the ceiling. Julie positioned her naked body over his excited cock and eased the hard shaft towards the entrance of her very wet pussy. I had a perfect view as I positioned myself directly behind Julie's beautiful ass as her wet pussy lips wrapped around Jim's cock. Julie moaned loudly as Jim fully entered into her hot wet pussy in one big thrust.
Without hesitation I firmly spread apart Julie's ass cheeks giving me an unrestricted view of her sexy asshole. Julie moaned in heated ecstasy as she felt her ass crack being explicitly displayed before my lust-filled eyes. God, how I had waited for this moment!
I pressed my face between Julie's upturned butt cheeks as Jim slowly fucked her pussy. Julie let out a sexy moan as her asshole quivered with sexual anticipation. Using my tongue, I slipped my wet tool along her sexy ass crack and around her puckered little asshole. Fuck this was fun!
Slowly I rimmed Julie's delectable little asshole with my hot tongue. Julie moan in delight as her sexy body soaked up all the erotic activity happening to both of her sexy holes. As Jim continued thrusting his cock deep into Julie's fiery cunt, I was fully ravishing her ass. I wickedly danced my tongue around her sensitively exposed anus as it quivered expectantly with each sensational touch. Holy fuck what a sexually intimate experience!
My hungry eyes were just inches away from Julie's provocatively displayed anus that was showcased magnificently between her sexy butt cheeks. Fucking wonderful! Julie let out a sexy moan as her little butt continued to bounce slowly up and down atop Jim's cock. With a sharp slap on her golden butt cheeks, I mockingly demanded that Julie open up her tight asshole for a visual inspection. Julie let out a sexy squeal at my explicitly wicked command.
I knew that my demand to inspect her asshole while she was getting fucked in her pussy was going to put Julie's sexually charged mind into overdrive. After a couple more sharp slaps on her sexy upturned butt, I then proceeded to spread apart her ass cheeks as I firmly pressed the nozzle of lotion into her puckered asshole.
Julie squealed with uncontrollable delight, as she knew full well what I was about to do. As Jim continued to fuck her wet pussy, I firmly squeezed the bottle causing a gusher of cool white lotion to invade her hot anal passageway. Julie howled in super-heated ecstasy, as both of her hot holes were being used and filled at the same time.
As I playfully pulled the nozzle out of Julie's anus, a large amount of excess lotion spattered all over her golden butt cheeks. Holy fuck Julie looked hot! The splattered lotion across her naked butt looked like Julie's ass had been ejaculated on with the sticky white cum from a dozen guys!
Julie glanced back over her shoulder at the globs of white lotion dripping off her sexy ass. A fired up naughty smile came across her face as her mind exploded with wildly graphic thoughts upon seeing all the ejaculate-looking white cum spattered all over her naked butt. Within an instant Julie's sexual switch flipped into hyperdrive as her sexually explicit mind detonated with all of her deep-seated exhibitionist fantasies rushing in at once.
In animal-like fury, Julie pounded down upon Jim's cock as if it was the last pole on earth. Julie's sexual explosions where tearing down any inhibitions as her feminine body reach for the stars. Julie's lotion filled asshole was starting to dance erotically before my very eager eyes.
With a naughty grin on my face, I pressed a finger up Julie's lubricated anus. With a girlish squeal of sexual bliss, Julie pushed her butt back towards my invading finger. Fuck her little asshole was tight! Julie's well-lubricated butthole eagerly took the whole length of my finger at one go.
I playfully wiggled my finger deep inside her anal canal as Jim's cock thrusted hard into her wet pussy. The sheer volume of erotic thoughts and sensations was pushing Julie over the orgasmic waterfall. With an earth-shattering wail, Julie's body shook violently with rippling jolts of sexual energy. Suddenly Julie's anus spasmed open, releasing my finger from its tight grip. Holy fuck! Julie's sexy asshole was starting an earth-shattering performance of explicitly erotic beauty as it started to pulsate with wild abandon between her naked butt cheeks.
I watched captivated as Julie's sexy little asshole spasm wildly in orgasmic shockwaves allowing explicitly intimate views up her hot anal passageway. Julie screamed in sheer ecstasy as orgasmic jolts rocked throughout her sexy body. The walls of nirvana were collapsing all around her as Julie's little asshole pulsated in pure orgasmic pleasure. Julie's lotion-filled asshole was giving an epic performance that was framed perfectly between her sexy butt cheeks. It was an erotic sight that sent shockwaves of visual pleasure into the depths of my wickedly happy sexually charged mind.
Almost without warning, Jim's body froze momentarily as his cock unleashed a fountain of white cum deep inside Julie's cunt. Julie's hot vaginal hole was being filled with a gusher of hot cum being milked directly from Jim's overloaded balls. Julie's asshole spasmed with erotic joy as Jim's spurting cum flowed deep into her well-fucked body. My eyes soaked up the heavenly view only inches away from Julie's very compromised asshole. God, what a fuckingly hot sight! Julie's provocatively exposed anus was putting on another full-featured show as it winked away like a heavenly star before my field of vision. Fucking wonderful!
Julie let out a sexy whimper as Jim's cock melted with total satisfaction within her cum filled pussy. I was still soaking up the explicit view of looking directly into Julie's anal hole as it quivered in the last throes of sexual bliss. Little beads of white lotion were still splattered around the rim of her sexy puckered asshole. Julie's sexy naked butt was a fucking wonder to behold. It looked like a dozen guys had sprayed her lovely butt, asshole and pussy with loads of sticky white cum. It was a perfect image to store away within my eternal memory bank after watching the closing act of Julie's orgasmic butthole performance.
It took a while for all of us to come down off our sexual highs. Our evening was an amazingly explosive sexual experience beyond my wildest dreams. Slowly we all moved out of the sexual fog and back down to terra firma.
To help set a relaxed tone, I mockingly apologized to Jim for having veered slightly off course with my demonstration of taking Julie's anal temperature. I joked with him that maybe with a little luck we might be able to try it again some day. This light-hearted comment seemed like a good way to dispel any possible awkwardness as we came off our sexually charged euphoria. It was an indirect way of expressing our open-spirited attitude to Jim about this whole sexual experience.
After Jim left the house, I lovingly washed the folds of Julie's pussy lips and the rim of her sexy asshole with a warm washcloth. Julie moaned with satisfaction as my hand slowly removed the lotion splattered around her asshole and the white cum on her pussy. After such a sexually charged, mind popping evening, the finishing act was a surprisingly tender moment of sexual bliss.
I loved Julie's exhibitionist nature that allowed me uninhibited views of her beautifully naked body in action. By the twinkle in her eye, I could sense that Julie's exhibitionist fantasies had also been fully played out during our amazing erotic evening.
That night in my dreams I continued replaying the immensely erotic imagery of Julie's exhibitionist asshole exposing its powerful feminine secrets between her sexy butt cheeks. Now that's a dream that I wanted to go on and on and on forever! ;)
*
AUTHORS NOTE: Did this story paint a vividly erotic picture for your imagination? PLEASE send me a few words of feedback, as it will encourage me to write more often. If you enjoyed this story then you might like some of my other erotic stories, which can be found under my Literotica profile "Alex_Likes_Butts".