She was waiting at the bar when I came back through town. It was mid-afternoon, so the place was empty except for her and the pimple-faced kid playing bartender. She didn't turn around, but her eyes locked onto mine in the mirror behind the cheap stuff. Pimples looked up at me, and took a step back. She must have been telling him stories, and me in the tall flesh could be a little intimidating.
I had told her I would be back in five days, but it had been seven. Which means she had been showing up here for the last three days in that black dress. I couldn't imagine how many salesmen she had told to fuck off in that time, waiting for me. It wasn't on purpose that I was late, but at the moment it made me feel good, like I might be worth something, or like she might just have nothing to lose. Either way, I knew that whatever happened next would be on my terms.
She still didn't turn around when I came up behind her. She had an empty shot glass in front of her, and the same brand of whiskey we drank last time was filling the bottle beside her.
"Billy, we're gonna take the rest of this bottle upstairs," she said.
He was about to say something like, "I'm really not supposed to let you do that," when I took the bottle by the neck and told him to put it on my tab in room three two three. I watched his Adam's apple bounce as he swallowed hard before saying, "Yessir."
She stood and turned towards me, and it had the desired effect. I wanted every inch of her that I had last time, and somehow I wanted more.
"You should give him a big tip, Tommy," she said.
"You should show him your tits, Mother," I replied, "It's what he really wants."
She smiled and turned back towards Billy and said, "Do you want to see my tits? Or would you rather have twenty dollars?"
I reached in my pocket and peeled off twenty dollars and dropped it on the bar. He looked at the money, and looked back at her, picked up the money, but then he held it out to her.
I laughed, and she did too. Then she took her left tit out of the dress and leaned over close enough for him to reach it. He stuffed the twenty between her tits, but was careful not to touch them with me watching him. I just nodded, good boy.
She said, "For twenty dollars, you only get to see one." Then we both laughed again. He wasn't laughing, he was memorizing, for later.
She started to put her tit back in her dress but I told her to leave it out. Her eyes flashed, excited. She took the twenty out of her cleavage and stuffed it in my hand, and she turned towards the door and led me to the elevator, owning her one tit out look like she was on a fashion runway. The girl behind the desk might have seen her, or might not, but nobody else was around. When we got in the elevator, I told her to take off the rest, and she did. Dropping the dress on the floor. Naked beneath it. No panties for a gag this time.
We never saw that dress again.
But when we exited the elevator, she wanted me to go first, and I thought it was so she could hide behind me, but that wasn't it at all. It's because she didn't want to spoil the surprise.
The third floor hall was empty too, though there was a maid cart in the hall the other direction. I walked up to my room, swiped my key, stepped inside, then turned around and looked at her, naked in the hallway. She looked me right in the eye again, not afraid of being left out there. Not afraid of anything, at least not at the moment.
"If you leave me out here, you won't see your surprise," she said.
"What I see ain't no surprise," I shot back.
She smiled, "The surprise is what you haven't seen yet."
I could not imagine, but I was having fun trying.
I thought about teasing her more, by shutting the door and leaving her out there, just for a few seconds, but I knew I couldn't do that. I knew that would be too much like abandoning her, like she abandoned me. And that would cross the line. Because I owned her now. She gave herself to me when she showed back up at that bar.
"Get in here," I said, and she leapt into my arms.
I carried her to the bed and threw her onto it. She giggled as she was tossed through the air and landed with a bounce.
Then she looked at me with the sweetest face in the world and said, "Tommy, you know you can do whatever you want with me, anything, but before that, will you just come over here and fuck me first, just fuck me slow and gentle like a lover?"
Then she laid her head back on the pillows, her brown hair spilling all around. She placed her hands behind her knees and lifted them up, and slightly spread her legs. Just enough for me to see a hint of her pink slit.
"Please," she said, and I liked the sound of that.
"Keep saying that," I said, as I sat on the desk chair and took off my boots.
"Please, Tommy," she said, as I stood and took off my hat and started unbuttoning my shirt.
"Please fuck me, Tommy," she said, and started rubbing her nipples as I unfastened my belt.
"Tommy, please fuck your Mommy," she begged, as I laid my belt near her on the bed, and as I unfastened my jeans.
"Tommy, I need you to fuck me. I've been waiting for days. I haven't cum since you left. I can't cum without you. Please!"
I was standing naked at the foot of the bed, my dick at full ready. She spread wider for me. I reached out and slid her towards me down the bed until her pussy was on the edge. Then I lifted her hips to my groin. This may not be the sweet fuck she was asking for, but it's the one she was about to get.
"Give me the pillows," I said, and she pulled them down and I propped them under her hips. They were almost the right height now, so I only had to bend over just a little to slide my stiff dick inside her. I did, all the way in. I could feel her womb as I pressed against it, and her entire body tightened around me.
"Relax," I said. And I began to stroke inside her, slowly, but deeply, and strongly. She flowed with me as I moved inside her, and if I had not fallen in love with her before this moment, I would fall in love with her right now.
I felt every last secret inside her pussy. She relaxed like she was about to pass out, but not because of the alcohol this time. She just needed the waves to wash over her without fighting them, without tensing, without the frenzy. And the waves came.
When she came, it was tantric. It was her entire body cumming, not in spasms, but in release. I was almost distracted from my own pleasure, watching how completely she was giving herself to this moment, how she was engulfed in it without being spent. It was energizing, not exhausting. And when she was done, she slid up the bed away from me and propped herself on her elbows, admiring my glistening dick hanging above the stack of wet pillows.
"Are you ready for your surprise now?" she asked.
"I don't generally like surprises."
"You'll like this one."
"Okay."
She smiled, and the eagerness I saw in her face would have been surprise enough, but then she rolled over on her belly and I saw it.
On her right ass cheek, where I had drawn with a sharpie a week ago, was a brand new tattoo, of the Bar KL. She had branded herself for me.
It was still a little red, but looked like it had time to heal. She must have had it done the next day after I left her. Before she knew if I was coming back.
"I own you now."
"I know," she said.
"Lift your ass," I said. And she scooted up on her knees, her face still on the bed. She grabbed the bedspread with both fists when she heard me pick up my belt. But before I began spanking her, I leaned down and kissed her tattoo.
I had fucked her the way she wanted, but I knew she also wanted to show me how completely submitted she was to me. I used the belt to prove it to both of us. I used it on her ass cheeks and her thighs, and then I had her raise up on her knees and raise her hands over her head so I could swat and sting her belly and the underside of her tits. I wasn't brutal. But I was thorough. When she thought I might be done, I spanked the bottoms of her feet, and then I spread her legs and spanked her pussy lips. And the only word she said was, over and over, "Please."
When I finished spanking her, I felt her pussy and she pressed it against my hand, wanting desperately to cum again. But I let go, and took her brown hair in my hands, and brought her mouth to my dick. I was so horny from fucking her and spanking her, it was less than a minute later that my cum was squirting down her throat. She sucked me masterfully as before, not missing a drop.
Only then did I reach back down and place three fingers inside her and curl them into her g spot while I pressed my other hand to trap her clit against her pubic mound, vigorously working her until she came, this time with the tension and twitching I had seen in her before.
When I was done with my hands inside her, she just laid sprawled on the bed, leaking juices on the covers. After all that, we still hadn't even pulled the covers off the sheets. At least those would be clean and dry.
After a few minutes, we both got up and turned on the shower. It was just a shower/tub combo, so it wasn't really suited for both of us to shower together. I let her go first, and watched her. When it was my turn, she reached in and lathered me, and washed my hair. I was glad for the water, because I was getting choked up from the care she showed. From all the years of care not shown. But there wasn't any room for any feeling of loss right now. Just feelings of being found.
We dried off and I turned down the bed. I crawled in and she snuggled her head on my chest, playing with the moist hair there, teasing my nipples, but more in her own thoughts than trying to start something right now. I looked down and she was biting her lip.
"You want to say something?" I asked.
"Is he still alive?"
"Pawpaw?"
She didn't answer.
"No, he died three years ago. Big Momma died the year after. I've been running the place alone since then."
"Pawpaw, Big Momma," she simply said the names. Like she hadn't used those words in a long time.
"So they never told you," she said.
"What?"
"I don't want you to hate them. It was better that you hated me for leaving."
I got a lump in my throat. We were going to talk about this now?
"It's okay," I said.
"No, Tommy. I had to leave, but it's not okay."
So I asked it: "Why did you have to leave?"
She lifted her head from my chest and tears were flowing down her face. "I just had to get away from him. And from her. It wasn't a safe place for me."
Suddenly I felt guilty for how rough I had been with her. The anger and the spanking, "Am I a safe place for you?"
She hugged me. "I gave myself to you. I branded myself for you. I need you. And I need you to be in charge. I need to know you own me. With you owning me, I can be myself. I can be free. I'm tired of running, and failing."
"Oh, I own you," I said.
And those were our last words before we fell asleep.
This time I awoke first. She was a hard sleeper, even when she wasn't drunk. We had barely touched the whiskey last night. I pulled myself away from her, and slipped the sheet off her body. I admired her, naked, soft hair, pale skin, her tattoo glowing a gentle red, but the marks on her ass and thighs long gone. I had no interest in spanking her again any time soon. I wanted to kiss the parts that hurt and make them better, but I was sure I couldn't do that.
But I did want to find some other way to subdue her, to claim her even more completely.
A rope wouldn't really be practical, but I had planned ahead and packed some nylon cord. I looked around the room to figure out a place to tie her, but motel rooms weren't exactly designed for that sort of thing. So I decided to hog-tie her on the bed.
At my first touch, she woke enough to blink a couple of times and register where she was. I had already tied the cord around one ankle by then, and was wrapping the second one.
She said, "But I really need to pee."
"I figured."
I finished with her ankles and rolled her flat on her belly. I was tying her hands together behind her back.
"Please," she tried.
"I do like the sound of that word," I admitted again. but I went on to bend her knees and tie her hands to her feet. This wouldn't be a great way to fuck her, but it was more about making her helpless, for now.
I thought twice about tying her hands and feet to her throat, and I decided I could do it without making it too tight. Just enough the keep her head back.
"I'm gonna pee the bed," she warned. And I didn't really want that. So I lifted her up in my arms like a package and placed her face down in the tub, with her crotch in the vicinity of the drain.
I left here there for a while, long enough to throw on some clothes, go down to the lobby, and grab two trays of that free continental breakfast to bring back to the room.
When I got back, I heard her whimpering in the tub. I grabbed a hand towel and wiped her pussy dry, then lifted her again and put her back on the bed, this time with a couple of pillows under her chest so I could get to her face.
I rolled up the desk chair, with the trays of food beside her on the bed, and I began to feed her. First spoonsful of yogurt, then tiny bites of toast. Then for fun I shoved half a banana in her mouth and made her deep throat it before I fed it to her in pieces. There were tears in her eyes for a thousand reasons, but I reckoned more good than bad. When we finished eating, I rolled her on her side, and lay on my side facing her. The cord was holding her head back away from me, so I kissed her neck, sucking hard on it like a teenager going for his first hickey.
"Relax. Let go," I said. But it was harder for her this time, bound up like she was. I could see her trying, but her arms and legs were getting stiff. So I pinched both nipples and just held them, clamping them, and then pulling her perfect breasts towards me, stretching them out, and I heard the kind of moan I had been waiting for.
I kept pulling one tit, but slipped my hand to her pussy. Her legs were together, and she couldn't open for me much, but she tried. I got a finger inside her, and then two, and just let them swim inside her for a while.
"I'm going to talk now, and you are going to say 'yes'. Do you understand?"
"Yes. Mmmm."
"I'm taking you back to the ranch today, just your naked body and not a single thing from your life here."
"Yes, Tommy."
"You are mine, and I take care of what is mine. And I will take care of you. But I will remind you every day who owns you."
"Yes, Tommy."
"And I promise to make you cum every single day."
"Oh, yes, Tommy. Please."
"And you will never cum except by my body or by my command."
"Yes, Tommy. I can't, Tommy. But I really need it now, please."
I took my fingers out of her and wiped them clean. Then I stood up and grabbed my knife and cut her feet free. I pulled her back to standing on the floor and pushed her face back down on the bed. I unzipped my pants and got my dick out. I slipped inside her to get it wet. She started to hump on it, but I pulled back out and pressed the tip against her asshole.
She didn't hesitate. She pressed back and opened for me, and I was slick enough from her juices to slip inside. I knew she needed me to touch her pussy so she could cum, but I had time. I fucked her ass in steady strokes, holding her hips. I spanked her a few times with my bare hand, just to keep her moving against me. And it wasn't too long before I came inside her.
She was still working her ass against my groin when I pulled out of her. I left her there and went quickly to the bathroom to clean myself up just a bit, and to give myself a chance to get hard again.
By the time I came back to her, I was hard enough to slip inside her pussy. I didn't really fuck her then, I just filled her with my half hard dick and started slapping and pinching her clit. She twisted and writhed, but it as working. She was so horny she came on my dick and hands, and by the time she was done I was hard enough to finish inside her one more time.
After that, I cut the cord from her hands and neck, and gave her some time on the bed to stretch out and rest.
"Last chance," I said. "Can you live like this?"
She smiled, and said, "Please."
I don't know what they said that day, when the cowboy came down to the lobby with his leather bag and his naked, barefoot woman holding a half bottle of whiskey, and when he threw his room key on the counter without a word, and walked the naked woman out to his truck.
All I know is I didn't see any blue lights behind me when I left town. And we haven't looked back ever since.