Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
Chapter 45 - The Nest Begins to Empty
Lessons in how to fuck began on the following Monday and were held (as a general rule) on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. As with the very first lessons they taught to their very first students, they started with kissing and then moved on to erogenous zones before getting at genital stimulation and oral sex. On the off night when there was no class the twins were given a portion of a book to read or a video to watch. Ted and Carol would demonstrate on one another what they wanted their students to learn accompanying what they were doing with a commentary. Sometimes the lesson for Tommy and for Sarah was the same. Often it was different. After demonstrating, Ted would take Sarah, or Carol would take Tommy (they would alternate as to who would go first) and they would teach their student the technique they wanted the student to learn. There was soft music playing in the background. This was to cover up the conversation of the other couple who would be simply sitting on a couch observing. Ted or Carol would keep up a running commentary on what was going on with the other couple. After both Tommy and Sarah had gone through their period of instruction, they would take a break and then repeat the sequence once again of demonstration followed by individual instruction for each student. The goal of the classes was to teach each of the twins how to give maximum pleasure to their partner and how to receive maximum pleasure from their partner.
By the middle of summer the classes were done. Neither of the twins went off on some kind of a sexual binge with their newly acquired knowledge. If anything, they were more conservative than they were when they first wanted to learn how to fuck. Seeing their parents and their grandparents they realized that good sex was way more than getting your rocks off. But they were confident that when the right person came along, they would be prepared.
Even when the classes ended the twins, individually would sometimes approach their parent, wanting to spend a day with them like the day their parents had spent with Grandma and Grandpa Mather. Ted and Carol were about to relent when Jean stopped over on a Wednesday evening. (By this time there was a gate in the privacy fence that separated the two back yards. Jean just knocked on the gate and came right in to the Watkins' back yard and up to the patio door.) Jean and Claude knew that Carol and Ted had taught their children how to fuck. She also knew that Ted and Carol were wanting to go on a double date with Jason and Rose on Friday, going to a dance club and then down into the playroom where they could fuck and watch their partner being fucked. Jean's proposition? "I'd like to invite Tommy and Sarah over to our hot tub on Friday night. What d'ya think?"
"It's fine with me," said Carol. "I know you'll treat them right."
"Let me know when they're home and I'll come over to give them a personal invitation," said Jean. Later, when Tommy and Sarah were both home, Carol let Jean know and Jean came over in a tiny teardrop string thong. The twins were in their rooms but Carol knocked on their doors and told them that Jean was downstairs and was wanting to talk with them. The twins were wearing thongs because it was warm, but Jean's was extremely small compared to theirs. She extended an invitation to a cookout and then time in their hot tub. "I'll be wearing this or something like it, and hope you'll be wearing something that won't make me feel out of place. It's your parents who taught me to wear stuff like this, so it's all their fault." She gave them a wink and left.
On Friday their parents left. Ted went down to pick up Rose, Jason came to pick up Carol. Ted wore a suit and Rose wore a semi-transparent black tube dress. While Rose believed in always wearing a good bra, she was not wearing any underwear tonight at all. Her very big all-natural boobs were clearly visible in well lit areas. The dress came to the crease where her legs met her ass. Her makeup accented her eyes and her hair flowed in curls down her back. Golden earrings hung from her ears and she wore two inch platform shoes in black patent leather with a six inch heel. They went to an Italian
restaurant and from there to an upscale hotel where there was a band that played quite of few slow numbers. Rose loved to have Ted hold her in his arms and Ted knew that is what she wanted; hence his choice of where to take her. But he, personally, loved it when the band broke into a fast number and he could stand back and watch those magnificent tits bounce in counter-time to the music. And some of her short dresses, and this was one of them, would ride up on her ass as she danced, and she would not pull it down again until the song ended or until almost her entire ass was exposed. Instead, as her ass became more exposed, she would turn around and shake it backing into Ted's crotch.
Carol, on the other hand, wore light makeup. She wore a very light blue semi-transparent dress. She knew that Jason would want to be dancing a lot of fast numbers, so she wore a bra that would give her some support - about a half bra - but that would leave her nipples fully exposed under the dress and would allow her tits a great deal of freedom of movement during the fast dances. She wore silver earrings and silver barbells in her nipple piercings. Her dress was cut out around her navel, so she wore silver navel jewelry and silver jewelry dangling from the rings in her labia piercings. Her dress was so short that the jewelry showed, and it, too, crept up on her ass as she danced the fast numbers. She wore her ankle bracelet that proclaimed her to be a "slut" and a "queen of spades." Jason took her to a restaurant that featured steaks and then to a mostly black night club. Carol called herself Jason's "Trophy White Whore," and certainly did stand out in the sea of black bodies all around her. Many of the girls were dressed as sexy as she was and were certainly as beautiful, but being one of the few white girls in the club she felt especially exposed, and being an exhibitionist, that excited her - sexually. She would never have entered the club alone, but felt safe in Jason's arms. And Jason loved showing off this beautiful white woman as his trophy. Jason let her dance with a few of his friends. That was scary and exciting at the same time. After a couple of hours they returned to Ted and Carol's place.
Ted and Rose were already down in the playroom and Rose was naked in the sex swing that was suspended from the ceiling. Ted was on his knees pleasuring her pussy with his lips, fingers and tongue and using his other hand to play with her beautiful tits. Carol and Jason were so hot for one another they stripped off quickly and were fucking on the mat in no time. Ted slowed down on Rose so that the two of them could watch the interracial couple mate. Ted was certain that part of the thrill of it for Carol was that it was naughty, forbidden, dirty sex. Then there was the exhibitionist part of her that was turned on by the fact that she could entice a black man to want to fuck her white pussy. It was very hot to see a beautiful white girl being fucked by an equally handsome black man. And to watch them fuck was more exciting than watching the best of porn.
Even Rose could see that. Carol had the technique to be able to milk a cock dry in a short amount of time. Even men who claimed to have a great deal of stamina were no match for what Carol could do with her pussy. Carol made sure that she came first, but soon thereafter, had Jason shooting a large load deep inside her. They relaxed and Ted resumed pleasuring Rose. He did not have to start from the beginning, She was worked up seeing Carol being fucked by the big black man. When Rose was ready, a few strokes of his cock and a generous dollop of saliva was all he needed to enter her. His hands were free to play with her tits and her clit and to even reach around and work a conveniently placed small diameter vibrator up her ass. Rose came with a little more intensity and ejaculate than she was expecting. Ted stopped so she could catch her breath.
By this time, Jason and Carol had moved upstairs to the master bedroom where he would stay the night. One reason why this was a convenient night for him to go on a date with Carol was that he did not have to go all the way home in the morning but had to go to the center city to a gym where they were having a bodybuilding competition that he had entered. He would stay the night until he had to leave for the competition. He and Carol would probably fuck a couple of more times during the night.
So the mat was empty. Ted helped Rose out of the sex swing, then picked her up and swung her upside down so that he could eat her pussy while he carried her to the mat. She sucked his cock at the same time. He didn't put her down right away, but they enjoyed 69ing one another that way for a little while before he placed her gently on the mat. He lay on his back next to her. He didn't have to say anything. She mounted him cowgirl fashion and started gently bouncing on his cock. Oh, those big natural tits! Rose loved the look of sheer admiration combined with intense lust that she received whenever she used that position on him. Ted was in ecstasy. By now he had the skill that he did not have to block his mind from enjoying the sight of Rose bouncing on his cock to keep from coming too soon. But he did have to exert some self control in order to do it. Eventually Rose leaned back. By now she knew and Ted knew that this was an unspoken sign that she would lift up from him a little bit so that he could drive his cock rapidly and intensely into her cunt. It would hit her in a very sensitive area and soon she would be having another intense orgasm aided by the fact that Ted had two free hands, one of which he used to finger her clit as she was about to climax.
Ted still hadn't cum but it was largely because he still liked to cum looking directly into the woman's face. That called for some form of missionary position. He helped Rose dismount and get on her back. She spread her legs wide and he entered her, encouraging her to continue to play with her pussy. He gently lowered himself down on her as he was moving in and out of her. He was rotating his hips, finding sensitive spots in her that he would stimulate with the head of his cock. The vibrator he had taken out of her ass when he placed her on the mat, but it was still within reach. Resting much of his weight on one arm, he carefully inserted the vibrator up her ass once again. He now brought that hand up to her left tit and started tweaking her nipple. He increased his pace. He could feel the vibrator on his cock whenever he bottomed out in Rose. Rose started convulsing in orgasm after orgasm, her pussy contracting and releasing on his cock. He was looking right into Rose's eyes, only inches from her face, when he let loose the load that had been building all night. "I love you, Rose," he said, took his hand off her tit so that he could support his upper body weight, and he kissed her, and kissed her, and kissed her. Finally, as they were coming down from the intensity of it all, Ted moved off of her.
She looked at him. "You walk me home?" she asked. He had been planning on it. He had also been planning on staying the night with Rose, just like Jason was staying the night with Carol. But he did not want to be pushy or assume too much.
"I was planning on it," he said. She put on her dress. He put on his pants and shirt and he walked her home. They got to the front door.
"Would you like to come in for a minute?" she asked.
He didn't want to make her beg. "I was hoping for longer than a minute," he said.
Her eyes brightened, then they dimmed. "I haven't even changed the sheets," she said, "I didn't know . . ."
"Wonderful," said Ted. "I'm going to make love to you in your own bed in sheets that you've slept on. Nothing artificial or phony - pure you. They will be filled with your fragrance. We will be pure, natural, horny us as primitive as the night you gave yourself to me, and we'll fuck like animals - or maybe like animals in lust." They stripped and went to bed naked. Ted fucked Rose to sleep.
They woke about two in the morning. Rose asked, "Do you remember when we marked one another?"
"Sure do," replied Ted.
"Could we do it again?" she asked. Without waiting for an answer she jumped out of bed and taking him by the hand practically ran out of the house into the back yard. "Pee on me, Ted, mark me as your woman," she said, but danced around, making it difficult for him to do so but easy to admire her body in the moonlight. Finally, he got her cornered and pissed on her pussy, turned her around and
pissed on her ass, then turned her around again and pushed down on her shoulders until she dropped to her knees, when he pissed on her tits.
"Now, if there ever was any doubt, I've made you my bitch again. You're my little bitch and I get to fuck you whenever I please."
She stood up and pulled on his shoulders. He dropped to his knees. She held her pussy lips open with her fingers and started pissing. She pissed on his cock and his balls and then moved behind him to piss on his ass. "Bend over and spread your cheeks," she said. When he did, she drowned his asshole with the rest of her piss. He stood up. In the night air, the liquid on their bodies was making them cold. She came up to Ted and held him tight. She looked up at him and said, "I'm your little bitch. You can fuck me whenever you please." They ran up to the back door, wiped their feet off on the mat and entered the laundry room. Rose found a towel with which they could dry enough of themselves off that they could safely run to the shower without dripping pee over the carpet. They took a warm shower together, dried one another off and returned to the bed.
Without wasting a moment Ted said, "I need my little bitch. I need to fuck her." Rose rolled into his arms and did what she had promised - without a bit of regret.
Saturday morning started out strange. Jason was the first one up. Carol thought that maybe he would want to fuck her one more time, but he was zoned in on the contest. She wanted to fix him breakfast, but he had his own special diet for contest days and would eat what he needed to eat at the exact time he needed to eat. He was just all business. So for a little while Carol wandered around the house alone. Sarah came in through the back patio door next. She had spent the night with Claude. It had been a good night - a fun night. Claude was obviously ecstatic over his good fortune in spending the night with barely legal pussy. Sarah admitted that she was a little sore, but was certain that Claude was in worse shape than she was - but with a smile on his face. Tommy was next. With her extra large tit augmentation Jean was hotter than real.
After eating an early supper, Jean had been the seductress who had gotten both Tommy and Sarah so hot as they danced with one another that when she suggested that she would like to show Tommy the master bedroom and Claude invited Sarah to see the guest bedroom they were all naked in no time and Tommy and Sarah were putting to good use the lessons they had learned from their parents. But Jean was not done. By 10:30 Jean had temporarily drained Tommy's balls and Jean wanted to show off her boytoy, so she got dressed in a dress equally slutty to what Carol and Rose had worn earlier that evening and had taken Tommy down near the college campus where there were a number of clubs with bands, and they hopped from club to club, dancing, Tommy in a pair of tight short shorts and a tank top, and Jean in her sexy dress that had many strategically placed cutouts and wearing hooker heels.
By the time they came back, Jean figured that Tommy had time to reload and she mounted him first cowgirl fashion and then reverse cowgirl and was so much the aggressor you would have thought she was riding a bucking bronco. She was on a sexual high the likes of which she had not been on for quite a while. If the mind is the most erotic organ, then the image of the hot cougar with her cub definitely brought out the eroticism in Jean. When they woke up in the morning, Jean allowed Tommy to relieve himself, but had to fuck him a little more conventionally one more time. Tommy left with both of them satisfied.
Ted was the last to come home. Rose had insisted on making him breakfast. Ted did not mention that upon waking they had fucked, and then when they went to take a shower, she had brought him back to life and fucked him one more time in the shower before the breakfast that caused Ted to be so late.
This weekend seemed to ease some of the drive that the twins had to fuck their parents the way their parents had fucked with Dorothy and Karl. But Ted and Carol were not oblivious to the twin's desires.
It was time to take Tommy to school. Sarah would be staying home and attending the community college to get her basic courses done, and then her plans were to transfer into the local University where she would get her degree in nursing. Diane was now a nurse anesthetist and felt an attachment to the twins, and so, once Sarah started seriously talking about going into nursing, was acting as a personal mentor/guidance counselor to Sarah.
Tommy, on the other hand wanted to go into a very specialized field in engineering and not all universities had undergraduate courses in the specialty he was looking at. Tommy had done well enough in school that he received some scholarships and other financial grants so that he was able to attend a university of his choice out of state. The family was preparing to take him there, loading what Tommy needed in the back of Ted's truck under the topper and riding to the school in the extended cab pickup. Ted wanted to have a quick supper, then load up and put a couple of hours travel time on the road before stopping at a motel for the night on Friday.
Tommy had put everything that he needed to take to school with him on the deck. After supper, Ted changed into one of his skimpiest thongs, (it was hot outside) and then crawled into the bed of the pickup truck. Tommy would bring him the items from the deck, and Ted would pack them in the back of the truck. Ted liked to pack things securely, so it took him a little time. Even wearing nothing but the thong, Ted was drenched in sweat by the time they were done packing the truck. He had Tommy take a quick shower first, then he took a shower and they were ready to go.
Ted wore a pair of athletic shoes, a pair of jean shorts - cut like a pair of Daisy Dukes, right up to his crotch and showing his bulge in front. On top he wore a spandex sleeveless "T" shirt, showing off his flat abdomen and admirable pecs. His arms were big from all the day-to-day heavy lifting he had to do on the job. The girls came out in pleated micro minis and "wife-beater" undershirts with a knot tied right under their breasts, exposing their bare midriffs. They were wearing high heeled sandals on their feet. Both wore earrings. Carol wore navel piercing jewelry.
Carol got in the back seat with Tommy, Sarah in the front seat with her dad. It did not take too long and Sarah had moved under Ted's right arm and had placed his right hand on her right breast. When he began moving that hand a little bit to tease her nipple, she encouraged him, "That feels good Daddy." Carol and Tommy were snuggling in the back seat as well. 45 minutes down the road, Sarah happened to look back to see Tommy's hand on Carol's pussy, while Carol had taken Tommy's pecker out of his pants and was playing with it, keeping it in a perpetual state of erection. It was a little more difficult to accomplish with Ted while he was driving, but eventually Sarah found a position where she could play with Ted's cock and he could finger her pussy. "Mmmm, That feels good," she purred. And so they whiled away the time until they arrived at the motel.
Ted had packed the bed of the truck in suck a way that the things they needed to take with them into the motel were right there at the tailgate of the truck, so they each grabbed their luggage and walked into the motel. It had already been agreed upon by Ted and Carol that if the receptionist would be a cute female, Ted would check them in. If it was a cute male, Carol would check them in, and if it was a frumpy middle aged person, it wouldn't make any difference. The receptionist was a young man probably 18 - 20 years old. Carol walked up to the counter which was about chest high. She stood tall and was just able to rest her tits on the counter as she came up to sign the family in. "Just the right height," she said as she cupped the front of her tits momentarily in her hands. She then went about signing them in. They checked into two separate rooms, one for Ted and Sarah, the other for Tommy and Carol. Ted and Carol had decided that they would not take either one of the twins to their marital bed. However, on this Friday night and on Saturday, in a motel, Carol would sleep with Tommy and Ted would sleep with Sarah and they would do so in separate bedrooms so that this would not seem like an extended "lesson."
When they got to their rooms, just before entering, Carol urged Sarah to quickly change into her bikini, but to put on her string thong underneath the bikini bottom, then meet her out in the hallway. When they met, Sarah said, "What's this all about?"
"You'll see," said Carol.
They walked down to the reception desk. Once again Carol placed her massive tits on the counter in front of the young man. When he took his eyes off of her tits and looked at her face to ask, "Can I help you?"
She replied, "We want to use the pool but were wondering whether we have to wear these big ol' bikini bottoms or whether we can wear a thong." Then, turning to Sarah, she said, "Turn around and show him your thong, dear, to help him decide." Sarah was immediately up to speed with her mom's naughty behavior and turned around and pulled her bikini bottom down to her knees, keeping her legs straight, giving the young man a superb view of her ass and a teasing view of her rosebud and pussy. "What do you think?" asked Carol.
"Oh fuck," he blurted out, followed by an, "Oh, excuse me, I'm so sorry, so inappropriate," he was mumbling, trying to gather his wits about him.
"Under the circumstances, I don't think it was that inappropriate, but back to the question at hand: Can we wear a thong or not?"
"No one else is in the pool, so do what you want. If somebody comes later and complains I may have to ask you to cover up, that's all."
"Thank you so much," said Carol. She turned as though she were going to walk off to the pool, but instead did the same straight legged drop of her bikini bottoms so that she was wearing only a thong on the bottom. "Let's go tell the boys," she said to Sarah, and the two of them walked away from the front desk swaying their hips and twirling their bikini bottoms on their fingers. Soon they were back with the two guys. Once they were in the lobby, Carol walked up to the counter once more and placed her tits before the eyes of the young man. As he looked up, she said, "I don't know how late you're working, but if we're still in the pool when you get off of work, feel free to join us. I even have a matching swimsuit for you to wear," she said as she held up a string thong for him to see. Then they went to the pool to exhibit, play, tease and fondle. A few men sat in chairs that were placed in the pool area. No one joined them in swimming. No one complained to the front desk.
At the time that the pool was scheduled to close, the couples returned to their respective rooms to spend an intimate night together. When they met up again in the morning at the in-house breakfast, Ted and Carol acknowledged that it was the right thing to do. Sarah clung to Ted and Tommy to Carol. How many people may have guessed the parent/child relationship is questionable, but no one would have doubted that Tommy and Carol were deeply in love and that Ted and Sarah were deeply in love.
Tommy's check-in into the dorm was not to begin until Sunday at 1 PM. The reason they left home so early was so that they could spend a day at a state park. As they drove to the University where Tommy would be studying, they would be in a state that had a state park system that allowed women to go topless and all people to wear thongs at the public beaches. School was opening early for Tommy due to freshman orientation, so they were going before Labor Day. The weather was nice. The beaches should be crowded - perfect for exhibitionists like Ted and Carol and budding exhibitionists like Tommy and Sarah. It would be perfect for them because they all were voyeurs. They loved looking at other sexy people. The people did not have to look perfect. But if you knew they were trying to look sexy and attractive, Ted and Carol could appreciate that, and so could the twins.
As they were driving to the beach where they would spend much of the day, Carol explained to the twins what was happening. They had simply talked about making the trip to the university a
leisurely trip with stops along the way. Now when Carol explained that this would be a day spent at a topless and thong-friendly beach the twins grew even more enthusiastic. They stopped along the way to get food for a picnic lunch, and plenty to drink to keep them hydrated.
After they had arrived at the beach and had placed their beach blankets and towels on the sand, Ted went to see a lifeguard with the question, "Is it okay if I wear a baggie?" The lifeguard he was talking to was a young woman who feigned ignorance to what a baggie was. Ted tried to explain that it was a bag that covered everything in front but did not have any straps.
She said, "Show it to me." He had it right there in his hand.
"No," she said, "I mean put it on and then come back to me and let me see it." She had a big smile on her face.
"You're pulling my chain," he said.
"You're the one who wants to wear it. If I don't see it, you don't wear it," she said.
"She's got me by the short and curlys," he thought to himself.
He went to the bathhouse and changed into it, then returned to the lifeguard. "I like it," she said. "Just stay away . . ."
". . .from families and young children," he said, finishing the sentence for her. They had placed their blanket and towels away from the family section, so that would not be a problem. As was their custom they had their partner apply suntan lotion to their bodies. Sarah found it to be very sexy to put lotion on her dad in his baggie. Carol decided that a little discretion might be beneficial here, so while she had Tommy put lotion on her back while she was standing up, and she put lotion all over Tommy while he was standing up, she would lie down when she let Tommy put lotion on her front.
As Sarah was putting the finishing touches on Ted's sunscreen, the lifeguard came over and said to her, "Shit, Bitch, I was hoping I could drag him behind the bathhouse and do that myself. I get off at four and then I want my turn." Ted's baggie began to bounce up and down.
Ted took Sarah's hand with the invitation, "Let's do some showing off and some people watching." He did with Sarah what he and Carol liked to do. He pointed out attractive people and then they would talk about what they imagined it would be like to fuck them. "Remember them and we'll fantasize about them tonight when we're fucking." When they found a guy that Sarah thought was hot, they paraded Sarah in front of him. And Ted stood in front of several admiring girls and women, a few of which wanted to have their picture taken with him and his "cute little swimsuit." They wanted Ted to put his arm around them for the picture and more than one moved his hand down onto the bare butt that the thong exposed.
But the attention that Ted got was nothing compared to what Carol got. There were wolf whistles and shouts of "Look at those melons," or hooters or any number of other names for her tits. Others would exclaim how they would like to "Tap that ass." or even "Fuck her brains out" or "Fuck the shit out of her." Tommy was not sure how much protection he could afford her, so did not stay too far away from Ted and Sarah. Ted, for his part did not wander away from the area patrolled by the lifeguards (who had two-way radios) and the park rangers. There were some girls who were fascinated with Tommy's teardrop thong and came up to him to ask him where he got it and other questions, like, "didn't he feel awfully exposed," which he answered easily by pointing to the girl's exposed tits. "What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander," became his standard reply and numerous girls had their picture taken with him and his tiny suit. But. of course, Carol was swamped with requests for pictures. She had to say, "You can look but don't touch," so many times she wished she had on a recorded continuous loop. She, too, played the game with Tommy about looking at other people on the beach and fantasizing about fucking them. Except she added this new twist once in a while, "How would you like to see that stud fuck me?" At times they moved their blanket under a tree and in an out-
of-the-way spot to get out of the sun to to give them some privacy to spend time making out with one another.
Four o'clock came and the lifeguard was right there. She looked at Sarah. Motioning toward the bottle of suntan lotion, she said, "My turn."
Ted figured that they were going to leave in a little while, so he didn't have much to loose. He turned to the lifeguard and said, "No way. You're not touching this body until you're wearing the appropriate beach attire."
"But I didn't . . ."
Before she could finish her sentence, Carol announced, "I've got something right here." It was a red lace teardrop pantie. The lifeguard hesitated.
"We were about to pick up stakes anyway," said Ted. "Nothing ventured, nothing gained. It could have been fun - for both of us. But ... oh, well. . ." With that the girl took the pantie and headed off to the bathhouse. She came back a little later in the teardrop. She really had a nice body. Ted stood up and handed her the bottle of lotion. "Go to it," he said. When she was done Ted said to the family, "You can start getting ready to go. We're going to take a little walk around the beach and then I'll be back. We'll have to load up our stuff, change clothes and head on out to tonight's motel."
Ted and the lifeguard walked around the beach, getting a lot of comments and wolf whistles. Ted suggested that if she had a friend, maybe she ought to have that friend take a picture, or nobody would believe her when she talked about this event. She found the friend, had the friend take the picture and forward it to her phone and to Ted's phone. The lifeguard had to go home and she knew that Ted needed to be on his way. They went back to the blanket where the rest of the family was supposed to be, but it looked like the rest of the family had gone to the bathhouse to change into their street clothes. The lifeguard said, "Grab your clothes and come with me."
She took him to the lifeguard changing station and pulled him in. She took off the pantie and then said, "I've got to see what's in this baggie." She untied it and carefully pulled it off. Ted's cock jumped out at her. She reached out for it but when she did, Ted asked her to get on her feet. He picked her up, and turned her upside down so that he could eat her pussy while she sucked his cock.
"Is that what you wanted?" he asked. There was a sofa in the room and he gently put her down. He moved between her legs and continued to work on her pussy with one hand and with his lips and tongue, making sure that he was stimulating her clit. Then he reached up and tweaked a nipple while sucking on her clit rather aggressively, and she came on his face. If the picture doesn't help you remember me, maybe you'll remember that, he said as he gently withdrew from her. He got dressed. She was still naked. "I have to get going - family waiting - stuff like that." She finally began to regain her senses, stood up and kissed him passionately.
"I'll never forget."