I awoke with a massive hard on. It was the morning after our hotel adventure and I couldn't stop thinking about Sarah. She fucked a complete stranger and it was the sexiest thing I had ever seen in my life. I know, I know. I coerced her into doing it and that makes me a bad person. But understand this; I watched Sarah tease me for countless hours online as a cam girl and when I saw her that day at the store, I just knew that no matter what the cost, I needed to have her.
Going forward, I resolved to stop the coercion. I was no longer going to threaten her with exposure. I wanted to continue to push her boundaries, but needed to see how far Sarah would go on her own. If she wouldn't do anything sexually for me, I would certainly be disappointed. But if she did; if Sarah was being a slut because she truly wanted to, that would take my excitement to an even greater level.
Let me describe Sarah for you. She's about five foot six inches tall and 115 pounds. A classic beauty, with long light brown hair and green eyes. I think she could easily pass for a famous actress or model and her body is a sensual playground. Lovely 34D breasts compliment her perfectly with an ass that is so round and firm it just begs to be spanked.
I was so aroused with thoughts of Sarah that I needed to see if my recordings turned out okay. They were perfect. Having two camera angles allowed me to create a video that was hot enough to rival the best porn films. It was raw and lacked the close up camera angles of a professional production, but Sarah was a beautiful and enthusiastic performer. I was able to zoom in with my editing software and capture some great views of Sarah's face along with Gary and his massive cum shot.
I uploaded my work to a file sharing site along with both raw, unedited, versions and then downloaded all three to my phone.
The editing work took most of the day and after finishing I spent a few more hours ordering some things online for Sarah. I bought some sex toys, sexy outfits, and even some costumes. I spent way more than I should have, but seeing her use them would be more than worth it. I ate and fell asleep that night after jacking off to my video.
Monday evening I called Sarah for the first time on her cell.
"Hello," she answered.
"Sarah, it's Chris."
Sarah was silent for a moment.
"I wondered when I would hear from you," she said. "How did you get my number?"
"You should know me by now," I laughed.
"Yeah. I guess I shouldn't be surprised by your call."
"Sarah, I need to see you again," I said.
"What did you have in mind?" she asked tentatively.
"Well, I was hoping we could meet this Friday."
"Um, I'm not sure. Bryan is," she started.
"Listen. No more threats. I promise. I just want us to spend some time together."
She was silent again.
"Let me think about it," she said. "I'll call you back and let you know."
"I understand. I'll talk to you soon."
I hoped she would call me back with some good news. Blackmail got me in the door, but I needed Sarah to start trusting me. I needed her to do things because she wanted to, not because I was forcing her to do them. She returned my call the next afternoon.
"Hi, Sarah."
"David, I gave it a lot of thought," she started. "Bryan is traveling out of town for a case this weekend, so why don't we meet Friday evening?"
I quietly pumped my fist a few times.
"That sounds great!" I said. "Do you like Thai?"
"I love it."
"I know a great restaurant near your apartment," I said.
Sarah was familiar with the restaurant as it was only a five minute walk for her. We agreed to meet at 7:00 p.m. I also hoped we would be able to go back to the apartment after dinner. The thought of seeing Sarah in the place where she cammed was very exciting. It was all I could think about for the rest of the week and Friday couldn't arrive soon enough.
The big day came and I left work at 4:00 p.m. There were four packages at the door to greet me when I got home. Not everything had arrived yet but I scooped them up, anxious to see what was inside.
The first package was a pink v-back micro bikini. It had a metallic sheen, was made from lycra, and obviously left little to the imagination. The second smaller package was a pair of adjustable nipple clamps. The third package contained an 8 inch realistic dildo that I took to the bathroom and washed thoroughly. The final item was a bright blue metallic one piece bodysuit. Made from spandex and nylon, it was something that kids were wearing to raves and concerts these days. I hoped Sarah would wear it while camming.
I packed all of my purchases in my overnight bag along with a bottle of wine and some other essentials before jumping in the shower. I decided to go casual tonight and wore some jeans and my favorite shirt. At 6:30 p.m. I drove to the restaurant.
It wasn't busy so I decided to wait instead of getting a table. Sarah arrived a few minutes later and looked incredible. She wore a sexy pair of white jeans with animal print high heels and a black and white mini striped top. A camel colored handbag completed the look and as usual, her hair and makeup were perfect.
I smiled as we embraced.
"You look beautiful Sarah," I said and kissed her cheek.
The host led the way to the table and I got a good look at Sarah's ass in her tight white jeans. They fit perfectly and her butt was barely contained. My eyes could barely make out what I hoped was the outline of a white thong. We sat at the table and the host gave Sarah an appreciative glance before walking away.
We ordered drinks and perused the menu.
"I really need a drink, I've had a busy week," Sarah said.
"How so?"
"Mostly work, but something interesting happened too," she smiled.
"This I gotta hear," I said.
Our drinks came and Sarah told me about her date with Bryan. She related the story about meeting Carrie in the bathroom, and I could see the desire in her eyes. When she showed me the phone number, I made sure to commit it to memory.
"That sounds really hot, Sarah. Are you going to call her?" I asked and sipped my drink.
"Of course not," she replied. "I've never been with a woman, but the way she spoke reminded me of you."
"Wow, I didn't realize that I was that smooth."
"You aren't," she said as she rolled her eyes. "But you are confident and know what you want. Same as Carrie."
"Well, I know what I want to order," I joked. "How bout you?"
We ordered dinner and the talked about what seemed like everything. Our past, family, politics, and life goals. With the meals finished and several drinks later, the conversation became less tame.
"So, I noticed no Teresa last week," I started.
Teresa is the first name of her alias, her cam name.
"I know. I really could use the extra money, but,"
"It's different since you met me," I finished.
"Yeah, kinda. I thought I had taken precautions and no one knew, but you recognized me. If Bryan or someone in my family found out, I'm not sure what I would do," she trailed off.
"Sarah, no one is going to find out. Besides, I'm an extraordinary perv," I leered.
"The second part is definitely true," she laughed.
"Why not make some money camming tonight? I'd like to watch," I said.
Sarah paused. "You're serious? With me? In my apartment?"
"Yeah. Why not? I know guys can't be online so I'll stay quiet off cam. I think it would be pretty hot. What do you think?"
Sarah thought for a moment and smiled.
"It would be different knowing you were in the room."
"That's what will make it exciting," I said.
"Okay," she relented. "But no funny stuff."
"Scout's honor," I said and raised my right hand as I crossed my fingers on the left under the table.
I paid the bill and we left the restaurant. We took my car back to her apartment; a drive that only took a few minutes. The excitement began to build as we headed into the building and for now, I left my overnight bag in the backseat. A short elevator ride and soon we stood at her door.
"I'm really nervous about this," Sarah said.
"Me too. I promise I'll be a good boy."
Sarah put her key in the lock and we entered the apartment. A feeling of deja vu crept in. I have been watching Sarah cam for 2 years and felt like I had been here before. The apartment is a studio that Sarah had decorated tastefully. You entered an eat-in kitchen that transitioned to a small sitting area with a T.V. The bathroom is to the left of the sitting area and a row of bookshelves separated the sitting area from the sleeping area. Large windows with pull down blinds dominated the far wall by the bed.
Sarah and I stood in the kitchen as we dealt with the uncomfortable moment.
"Look, I know this is kinda awkward for the both of us. Getting to watch you cam is like a dream come true for me. You won't even know I'm here." I said.
Sarah smiled and walked closer to me.
"I'll know you're here," she purred. "Open some wine, the corkscrew is on the counter. I'm going to get ready."
"Oh, I have a bottle in the car," I remembered. "I'll run down and get it real quick."
Sarah headed for the bathroom and I ran to the car to grab my bag. When I got back to the apartment Sarah was still fixing her makeup. I opened the bottle of wine and placed my bag in the sitting area out of sight next to a chair before I poured two glasses. I took both glasses and walked over to the windows.
My cock started to stiffen slightly. I was standing right where Teresa cams! Facing the foot of the bed is her desktop with webcam. In front of the desk is the white swivel chair that I recognized so well. It was all so surreal.
I looked up as Sarah entered the room. She was wearing a clay colored bra with a mini leopard pattern and a lace white thong; a set that I had seen on cam before and was one of my favorites. She headed over to her wardrobe and switched into her black high heels. Her boobs swayed seductively as she walked over to me and accepted a glass of wine.
"I'm at a loss for words, Sarah. You look incredible," I said.
She kissed my cheek and took a sip of wine.
"Be a good boy and have a seat over there. And remember, no noise," she said.
I took the seat that gave me the best view. Teresa was busy logging into the website and I pulled out my phone and logged in too. I wanted to watch the online reaction to the show and be able to tip her at the same time.
Teresa never spoke out loud while she was online. Her only form of communication was typing in chat. She also never took her panties off and only went topless. As her face appeared on my phone, I hoped both things would change tonight.
The online event began as usual. Teresa was silent and set a goal to remove her bra. She modeled her panties for the viewers and even spanked her bottom several times; usual tactics to increase her tips. I rubbed my cock through my jeans as I watched and in 20 minutes the goal was achieved.
Teresa removed her bra and danced around for a few more minutes. It was so sensual and exciting that I decided to up the ante. I sent her a small tip on my phone telling her to set another goal for an outfit change. She looked over at me after reading the message and I held up the blue metallic spandex bodysuit. Her eyes grew wide and she walked over.
"What are you up to?" she whispered.
I grabbed her ass and pulled her close.
"It'll be fun," I said into her ear and licked and nibbled the lobe.
My cock swelled as she pulled away and nodded. Teresa then filled her wine glass before heading back to her webcam. Her eyes looked worried as she set the new goal. After she finished, I sent her a large tip with another private message.
"Secretly rub your panties into your pussy."
Her eyes grew wide again and she looked over at me. I nodded and continued stroking my dick through the jeans.
Her right hand descended and I could see her eyes glaze over on my phone as I watched. She did a good job of maintaining her composure but it was so erotic to watch her rub her pussy in front of me and see her face on the screen that I stood and removed my shirt and pants.
Teresa looked over at me so I decided to remove my boxer briefs as well. Her eyes went wide again as my dick sprang into view. I was already leaking precum as I kicked the underwear to the side. Grabbing my phone, I sent another large tip with another private message.
"Get your fingers nice and wet in your pussy then walk over here and let me taste them."
Her hand slipped under the white lace thong and her eyes went wide. Only I knew what she was doing. Several moments went by before she stood and walked over to me again.
Teresa put her wet index and middle finger to my lips. I could smell her pussy as I sucked them into my mouth. The taste was exquisite; tangy and sweet at the same time. As I cleaned her fingers, Teresa began slowly stroking my cock with her other hand. I was fully hard and as she stroked more precum began to leak from the tip. Teresa noticed this and caught it on her index finger before putting it in her own mouth.
"We are going to have so much fun tonight," I whispered before kissing her.
"I'm going to push your limits," I said.
Teresa smiled and walked back to her desk.
She only had about 130 people in her virtual room but the count for the outfit change was almost completed. My desire continued to grow and in a few minutes it was finished. Teresa typed to everyone that she was going to change then walked back over to me.
We kissed briefly and she pulled her panties to the floor. As she stood before me, naked and in high heels, I dropped to my knees and held the bodysuit so she could step into it. The smell of her pussy delighted my senses and she placed one foot, then the other, in the garment. When it was on I stepped back to admire it.
"It's perfect," I whispered.
And it was. The metallic blue body suit fit her just right. The spandex and nylon fabric was thin and while not see through, showed off Teresa's hard nipples and cleavage. The low cut in the back displayed her booty nicely. Not up her ass like a thong, but still showing plenty of cheek. She twirled for me a few times and headed back to her computer.
I watched on my phone as she appeared back in view. The light really picked up the metallic sheen and her hard nipples could clearly be seen through the fabric. As she modeled for the webcam the fabric was so tight I could even see a hint of camel toe when she stood facing the camera. It was incredibly sexy and the room thought so too. The tips continued and soon there were over 400 people watching.
"Set a large count for nipple clamps," I messaged her.
She looked over at me as I held the clamps up.
Her face looked a little worried as she entered the new goal. This was completely new territory for Teresa and the room reacted immediately. The count was well over 500 people; more than I had ever seen in her room before and the tips began arriving at a furious pace.
I glanced down and noticed Teresa's thong laying on the floor by my feet. I picked it up and brought the fabric to my nose. Fresh desire flooded my body as I inhaled the intoxicating scent. Teresa noticed what I was doing and smiled. I examined the gusset and discovered it was still damp from being played with earlier. I put my nose against the wet fabric and inhaled again. It was heavenly.
I placed the gusset in my mouth and began stroking my cock. The tips continued at a rapid pace and I could see that even this larger count would be completed soon. I sucked on the thong and the flavor of Teresa's crotch filled my mouth as I continued to stroke. I removed the panties from my mouth and noticed Teresa watching me as I wrapped them around my shaft.
The lace felt cool as I began to masturbate with the thong. Teresa kept glancing over at me and my excitement continued to build. More precum oozed from the tip and was lost in the fabric. I knew I could cum at any moment.
Tip sounds echoed in the distance and I paused to look at my phone again. The count was completed! Cam girls make $.05 per token tipped. As Teresa approached me again I did some quick mental math and realized that so far she had made almost 400 dollars. The thought quickly faded as I stood, the panties still wrapped around my erect dick.
"Naughty boy, playing with my dirty panties," she whispered.
"Do you like them?" she asked.
"Yes," I croaked. "Playing with them turns me on so much."
"I thought so," she said and lowered the bodysuit, exposing her breasts.
I scooped up the nipple clamps and affixed one, then the other, to her already erect nipples. Teresa let out a sigh as I did.
"Oh my god!" she hissed quietly. "They feel really good!"
We looked into the eyes of the other and kissed urgently. Teresa noticed the thong still wrapped around my hard cock as she dropped to her knees and began stroking the fabric.
The feeling was electric. I looked down to see her smiling, green eyes looking up at mine as she played with the panties on my dick. The nipple clamps were visible, the chain connecting them swayed as her arm moved back and forth.
"You're gonna make me cum," I whispered.
Teresa moved the thong to the base of my glans and quickly sucked the hard head into her mouth. My legs began to shake as she stroked the base and sucked the first few inches into her hot, wet, mouth. I reached down and softly tugged the chain on the nipple clamps as Teresa continued to work on my cock.
It took less than 60 seconds of sucking for my orgasm to begin. Teresa's eyes grew wide as wave after wave of my hot cum coated her mouth and tongue. I had to bite down on the back of my hand to keep from making too much noise. My legs shook uncontrollably and I fell away from Teresa, the panties still on my cock as I landed in the chair.
Teresa smiled and opened her mouth for me. Cum was visible on her tongue and she played with it for a few moments before swallowing it down. She rose and we kissed passionately before she turned and headed for the bathroom.
As Teresa walked away I noticed the back of the bodysuit had ridden farther up in the crack of her ass. She stood in front of the mirror and began to adjust her makeup. I approached from behind and was treated to a great view of the nipple clamps and chain swaying gently as her arms moved. I hooked my fingers under the fabric and adjusted the back of the bodysuit.
"Ready?" I asked.
She smiled, nodded and headed back to her webcam.
Teresa was only off cam for about 4 minutes before her return. As soon as she reached her computer I could hear the tip sounds begin again. I returned to the chair and looked at my phone. The room regulars were going crazy! Messages and tips appeared on my screen so quickly that they were hard to read as they scrolled by. Teresa had never worn nipple clamps online before and people were eating it up.
She played with her tits, pulling on the chain and occasionally putting it in her mouth. The room count quickly jumped to 700 and I sent Teresa another private message on my phone.
"Next count, an even sexier outfit. Make it easy to achieve."
I held up the pink micro bikini as Teresa looked over. She nodded slightly and entered the new goal. Tips began to rain down almost immediately and the count was completed in under 5 minutes. Teresa smiled and stuck her tongue out to the camera before slowly removing the clamps. Her nipples were puffy and the marks made by the clamps could clearly be seen. She winced for the camera and gently began to rub them before heading back over to me.
We hugged quickly and she began to remove the bodysuit. I sucked her nipples into my mouth one at a time to try to ease her discomfort. I was rewarded with a gentle sigh before Teresa began donning the pink lycra bikini.
She put the bottoms on first. My cock began to swell again as I watched. They barely concealed her pussy in the front and the v-back dove deeply into the crack of her ass. Teresa adjusted the ties on both sides to complete the look.
The top went on next. It was a little too small for her breasts but made her look like a total slut. The triangle cups covered her nipples, and tit flesh poured over the sides of the fabric.
Teresa continued to adjust the top as she walked to the mirror. I looked on with lusty appreciation as she made some final adjustments before walking back into the room. She looked fantastic. Her nipples were clearly visible through the pink metallic fabric and I could see the outline of her pussy through the bottoms. Teresa saw the reaction in my eyes and smiled.
"Here we go," she whispered and walked back to her desk.
The sound of online tips reached my ears as Teresa stood in front of the webcam. Quickly, I reached for my phone. The room members were ecstatic; compliments rolled in almost as fast as the tips. The room lighting was better by her computer and everyone online could clearly see pussy through the bikini bottoms.
Teresa modeled her outfit and danced for several minutes. She even flashed her tits twice; much to the delight of her audience. I was mesmerized by what was happening before me. Deciding to go for broke I sent Teresa a tip with another private message.
"Next goal. Largest one yet. Pussy flash."
Teresa's eyes went wide again as she read my message and worry came across her face before looking at me. I smiled and beckoned her over. When Teresa got close she quietly began to protest.
"Chris, I can't do that," she whispered.
"I know you've never done it, but I also know you want to," I said.
Teresa shook her head and looked down at her feet.
"Sarah, Listen. I said I wasn't going to force you to do anything you don't want to and I meant it," I offered.
She still looked unsure.
"Let yourself go Sarah. Show me the slut you have become," I whispered into her ear.
Teresa looked into my eyes before kissing me urgently. As we kissed I reached down and rubbed her clit through the bikini bottoms.
"Make it a really high count, Teresa. Just pull the bottoms to the side for about 30 seconds. Everyone will love it," I said.
Teresa adjusted the bottoms and walked back to her computer. The room count was now over 1000 people and I focused my attention back to my phone.
She still looked nervous as she entered the new goal. It was very endearing and arousing at the same time. When she finished typing, the room erupted in disbelief. Most of the regulars thought it was a joke and several moments passed before the tips started rolling in again.
The room count quickly jumped to 1500 people and several members began offering Teresa really big tips. History was about to be made in her chat room and it seemed like everyone wanted to be a part of it. The goal was reached in under 15 minutes.
My dick was fully hard again as I saw the nervousness coupled with desire in Teresa's eyes. I stared at my phone in anticipation as the room members cried out for her to stand up and remove the bikini bottoms. Slowly, she stood and adjusted the camera angle. Her body was in view from mid thigh to her belly button. Teresa turned from front to back, displaying the tiny pink bikini bottom from all angles.
The HD webcam captured everything. At this angle Teresa's pussy lips could clearly be seen through the thin material and from the back, the fabric disappeared into her ass and teased with the promise of delights to come. Tip sounds continued in the distance and I knew that tonight was going to be very profitable for Teresa.
Suddenly, Teresa placed her right leg on the chair. The crotch of the bikini was directly presented to the webcam. Was a little moisture visible at the bottom? From this angle it was hard to tell. Her right hand moved from her hip and down to the metallic pink material of the bottoms. Teresa's fingers traced the seams and snapped the waistband with a sound that was barely perceptible amid the noise of the tips that kept raining down.
I looked up from my phone to notice Teresa looking at me. Our shared passion was intense and I nodded my head for her to continue. I returned my gaze to the phone and was astonished at what I saw.
Teresa was rubbing her pussy.
Her fingers massaged the vulva in a circular motion and the pink fabric moved slightly as she rubbed. After a few seconds, Teresa moved the hand and her pussy was even more visible through the thin material. Slowly, she hooked her index finger around the base of the thong and pulled it to the side.
The room, with more than 2000 members now, erupted. Her shaved pussy was clearly visible with the clitoris barely peeking out from its hood. Teresa flashed her pussy for 30 seconds before tucking it back under the fabric of the thong. Large tips continued as the room members delighted in seeing something that they never thought possible.
Teresa then turned around and presented her round ass to the camera. She spread her legs slightly and bent forward at the waist. The gusset of the thong was now exposed and from this angle, a spot of moisture could clearly be seen through the material. She hooked two fingers under the material and pulled the bikini so far to the side that it stayed there when she released it.
In HD her pink pussy and asshole were clearly visible. Teresa returned the hand and rubbed her pussy for a few moments, before spreading the lips with two fingers, showing everyone the lighter shade of pink that lay inside. Her state of arousal was clearly evident as moisture glistened in the light. Teresa shifted her fingers slightly and the tight entrance to her vagina came into view, the soft, tiny, pink opening teasing the delicious pleasure to be found in her hidden depths.
Teresa spent a moment adjusting the thong to cover herself before moving the webcam to show more of her body. Her face came into view and she was clearly pleased with what she had done and desire continued to register in her eyes. She continued to show off for the camera as I removed the realistic dildo from my bag.
The eight inch long sex toy was made from a material that felt like skin. It was expensive and realistic looking with a pink head and visible veins on the side. It was thick and firm for entry, while still being flexible enough for movement at different angles. I sent Teresa another private message.
"You have over 2000 members in your room. Start a group show for some dildo play."
Group shows pay the hostess a premium; the more members that join the show, the more the model gets paid. Teresa looked over and saw the dong in my hands. This time she didn't hesitate. She walked over, gave me a quick kiss, and returned to her desk with the dildo in her hands.
Teresa stuck the dildo vertically to her desk with the suction cup at the base. As soon as everyone saw it, chaos erupted anew. The tips continued at a feverish pace. Questions and statements were made as well. "Suck it!" One member said. "Fuck your pussy!" said another. A crowd mentality reigned until Teresa entered the new goal.
Only paying members could enter a group show. That fact was highlighted by the elation from some members and disappointment by most. Teresa teased for a few more minutes, allowing time for more members to buy tokens and then started the show.
Initially, 50 members decided to join the but within a minute that number had grown to 70. Teresa angled the webcam so that the balls of the dildo were at the bottom of the screen. The suction cup and the desk were no longer visible.
She stroked the dildo from balls to tip before licking the head. The room approved and I let out a quiet groan in appreciation. She teased the shaft before sucking the tip into her mouth. Token sounds continued and Teresa began to bob her head up and down while pausing to look in the camera. It was all so sexy and seductive that my cock stood straight up as I sat in the chair.
Encouraged, Teresa began to redouble her efforts. She spit on the dildo and sounds came from her mouth and throat as she took the cock deeper and deeper. Saliva pooled on the balls as Teresa paused for breath. She opened her mouth wide for the camera and stuck out her tongue. I could see deep into her mouth to her uvula before she bent down and drew the shaft back into her throat.
Wet, slobbery sounds came from her mouth. Teresa made a popping sound several times as she increased suction on the head, then quickly pulled away. One hundred members were watching this group show and almost five minutes had passed. I knew she was making bank.
With gurgling, choking sounds Teresa began deep throating the dildo. Up and down, farther and deeper she went until her lips rested against the balls. Here she paused, looking up at the webcam with tears in her eyes. Teresa had become a slut for the camera.
She sucked and stroked the dildo for a few more minutes.
"You guys want me to fuck it?" She asked the room.
These were her first words on camera.
I watched with anticipation.
It seemed like everyone was telling her to fuck it at the same time. Teresa laughed.
"You guys have to tip me a lot more if you want me to ride it for you," she said.
They did. The tips continued so Teresa walked to the bookshelf, her eyes focused on my hard cock as she moved. She grabbed a bottle from the shelf and returned to her desk. On the screen I could see it was a bottle of coconut oil. Teresa squeezed some on the dildo and used her hand to spread it onto the shaft. She pulled the bikini aside and rubbed the oil that remained on her hand into her pussy.
I stared at my screen as Teresa's ass hovered over the thick cock. With the bikini pulled to the side, she angled the dildo forward and lowered her pussy onto the tip. A moan escaped her lips a she adjusted the angle further and sat down on the phallus.
"Oh fuck!" she moaned.
"It's really thick guys," she added.
With her back facing the desk, her ass filled the camera screen. The pink thong rubbed against the dildo as Teresa rose and lowered herself again. The cock appeared and disappeared over and over as she bounced up and down.
Token sounds continued.
"It feels really good!" she panted.
Teresa bottomed out on the dildo and reached back with both hands to spread her ass cheeks. Her butt hole came into view and she began fucking up and down with her ass spread apart. Teresa's pussy lips gripped the dildo tightly as she rose and fell, the thong getting wet from the mixture of coconut oil and her natural juices. Her asshole winked to the camera every time the thick cock pressed deeper into her hot cunt.
Cream began to form around her pussy and on the balls of the dildo. Teresa began to fuck harder and faster.
"Oooh, tip me guys. I'm going to cum!" she yelled.
Teresa removed the hands from her booty. Her left hand held on to the edge of the desk while she began to rub her clit with the right. She started bouncing faster and harder.
"Yes!, Yes!, Yes!" she yelled over and over.
Teresa's whole body began to shake as she continued to fuck the cock.
Tip sounds continued in the background.
"I'm coming!" she yelled and bottomed out on the cock.
Teresa leaned forward and her legs and ass shook from her orgasm. She moaned and weakly tried to keep fucking the cock but soon tired and let out a huge sigh of relief.
"That was amazing guys," she said and stood up.
The dildo emerged with a sucking, plopping noise.
Teresa adjusted the bikini bottoms as she turned around and faced the camera.
"I'm going to leave soon," she told the audience.
Tip sounds continued so Teresa bent forward and began licking the cream from the well fucked dildo. She gathered a large dollop from the balls onto her tongue and showed it to the audience before swallowing it down.
"Yummy," she said.
She sucked on the dildo for a few more moments while tip sounds continued in the background.
"Okay, bye guys. Thanks so much," she said.
Teresa logged out of the website.
"Oh my God Chris, that was incredible," she said.
"You were amazing Sarah."
We stood in front of her desk and kissed, my still hard cock prodding her stomach.
"I'm going to have to do something about that," she purred.
"Mmhmmm," I mumbled.
Sarah dropped to her knees and drew my cock into her mouth. Her head moved back and forth before she bottomed out on my dick; my six and a half inches in her throat.
"Oh fuck, baby," I moaned.
I raised Sarah up and threw her back onto the bed, her legs dangling off the edge. I knelt between her legs and looked at her crotch. The thong was soaked around her pussy and I pressed my mouth into it. Sarah moaned as my tongue pushed into the fabric, adding to the wetness.
I pulled the bikini to the side as I licked her freshly fucked pussy. It was sweet and I could still taste some of the coconut oil. Sarah continued to moan as my tongue found her clit.
I raised her knees high and stood, my cock positioned above her opening as I spread her legs wider.
"You want to get fucked again, don't you?" I asked.
"Yes! Fuck me again!" she hissed.
I plunged my cock balls deep into her pussy as she moaned.
"You like getting fucked by two cocks, don't you?" I asked as I pushed in and out.
"Yes! I fucking love it!" she exclaimed.
I fucked her for a few moments then pulled out and grabbed the dildo from the desk. Teresa moaned louder as I drove it into her pussy.
"Oh, fuck!" she yelled.
I fucked her with the dildo for a few seconds then pulled it out and pushed my cock back into her wet cunt.
"You like getting used by two cocks, don't you?" I asked.
"Yes! I love it! I'm such a fucking slut!" Sarah screamed.
I spent the next few minutes alternating between fucking her with the dildo and my cock. Suddenly, Sarah came on my dick. She moaned and shook while I held her tightly before rolling her onto her knees. With the bikini still pulled to the side both her pussy and ass were presented to me. Fresh cream oozed from her cunt and I licked it away, savoring the sweet flavor.
I plunged the dildo back into her pussy and held it still, the head pressed firmly against her cervix. Slowly I backed away as Sarah leaned forward into the sheets, her ass high in the air.
"Reach back and fuck that cock for me slut!" I ordered.
Sarah reached back and slowly began to fuck the cock in and out of her pussy.
I squeezed a liberal amount of the coconut oil onto my cock and rubbed it all over my dick.
"Tell me how much you like cocks, Sarah. Tell me how you like getting used," I demanded.
"I fucking love it! I'm such a whore," she moaned.
I approached the bed and nestled my cock into the crack of her ass.
"Keep fucking that dildo bitch, I'm going to see how much you love two cocks," I hissed.
Sarah suddenly stopped and I pressed the head of my cock past her sphincter.
"Oh fuck!" she yelled and started fucking the dildo again.
I paused and felt the dildo moving in and out, passing the thin layer of skin that separates her vagina from her ass. Sarah moaned as I pushed forward, effectively double penetrating her.
"You like having two guys fuck you at the same time don't you, slut?" I asked.
"I loooove it," she sighed. "I feel so filled."
Sarah fucked the dildo in and out and I adjusted to her rhythm. Soon I was balls deep in her ass. It was an amazing feeling, her ass was so tight and the cock moving in and out of her pussy felt incredible.
I grabbed her hips and fucked her ass faster and harder.
"Fuck me you guys!" Sarah yelled. "Make me cum!"
Sarah increased the speed of the dildo and I rode her dirty hole like a man possessed.
My balls began to tighten and I knew I would cum soon.
Sarah moaned into the sheets and her whole body began to quiver.
"I'm coming from two cocks! Cum in my ass, Chris!" she yelled.
Sarah began shaking so hard that she let go of the dildo and grabbed the sheets with both hands. I kept fucking her ass as my own orgasm began. The dildo flew out of her pussy with a plop and I pressed as deeply as I could into her asshole.
I wrapped my left hand around the bikini bottoms as the first jet of cum dropped deep in her bowels. I held her hips tightly as wave after wave erupted from my balls.
"Aaaaarrgh!" I yelled.
We both fell to the side as I came down from the best orgasm of my life. We spooned without moving for several minutes, my softening cock still deep in Sarah's butt.
"Sarah, that was amazing," I said.
"Mmhmm," was all she could reply.
We both fell asleep for several hours and at some point my cock slipped from her butt. When we awoke, we took a shower before Sarah looked at her computer.
"Chris," she started.
"I just made over $2,000 dollars."
We both smiled and got under the covers.