James, Neil and I went into our entertainment room to enjoy a few relaxing drinks. James went straight behind the bar, taking three long tumblers and began to fill them with ice cubes. He poured a decent measure of vodka in mine and Neil's glass before adding a good shot of Diet Coke. Neil had climbed onto a barstool, absolutely naked and still sporting a semi erect cock. I had removed my skintight dress and climbed naked on to the barstool with him, wearing only my high heels, I began wriggling my shaved smooth slit directly on to his pulsating cock. The gentle twitching of his semi erect cock began to excite my naked shaved slit, as my pussy opened slightly, resting on the stirring flesh of his semi erect cock. James handed our drinks to us with a cheeky grin splashed across his face as he continued to prepare his own drink. Neil placed his left hand around my naked waist, before easing his hand beneath my huge firm left breast. Cupping my breast and nonchalantly tweaking my aroused nipple, he picked his drink up off the bar counter and proposed a toast.
"To Suzi's tight shaved pussy!" He smiled raising his glass. James chinked his glass off Neil's and smiled. I squirmed slightly, feeling the heat of Neil's growing erection sliding along the smooth groove of my just fucked pussy.
"We'll need to toast my tight asshole too!" I giggled as Neil placed his drink back on the bar counter. I slid my shaved slit along the length of Neil's now erect cock, giggling privately as James was unaware just how close Neil was to fucking me again. Sitting naked on my husbands friends cock throbbing at my shaved opening was quite a liberating experience. I began to slowly squirm on Neil's lap, feeling his hard cock as my pussy slid on the firm shaft.
Neil's right hand moved along my naked thigh, his fingertips stroking my flesh gently, sending delicate waves of pleasure along my thighs as I opened my legs, just enough to give him access to my pussy. I was grinning naughtily at James as my pussy tingled and opened, revealing my tight wet pink hole to James. Neils cock was pulsating against my tight asshole, sending my libido into a higher sexual plain. James winked at me as Neils hand stroked my outer thigh and firmly moved beneath my buttocks, moving me above his lap momentarily.
James had a slightly puzzled look on his face, looking at his naked wife sitting on the lap of his naked friend, easing her ass off his lap slightly. Neil kissed my neck, nibbling my smooth flash as his finger eased between the cheeks of my firm ass and gently circled the puckered rosebud of my asshole. The deft delicate touches were tingling sexual electric shocks, arousing me even further. I heard a deep throaty moan leave my mouth as sexual instinct took over. Neil's digit finger eased its way blissfully into my tight asshole as I opened my legs fully, revealing my shaved slit and excited pussy to James. I placed my high heeled feet on the bar counter and leant my head back into Neil's chest. My lips grazed his as my tongue slithered around his lips then inside his open mouth. James watched on excitedly as his friend fingered my asshole while tongue kissing me deeply. My state of arousal was at peak condition as I licked Neil's earlobe sexily.
"Fuck my ass Neil!" I panted, my eyes half closed with lust. James looked on in a state of shock and arousal, hearing his wife utter those forbidden words, unaware that Neil's finger was pleasuring my asshole.
I raised my ass off Neil's lap as he removed his finger from my asshole. The tip of his hard cock was pushing against my tight asshole. I placed my hands on my firm buttocks and spread my cheeks, revealing my tight pink hole to Neil.
Neil spat directly at my asshole, his saliva landed on target causing my body to shudder with total sexual abandon. I looked directly at James, stroking his erect cock as I eased myself slowly down the head and the length of Neils hard veined shaft. James was staring excitedly, watching my asshole stretch on Neil's rock hard cock. Inch by wonderful inch, Neils cock slid effortlessly inside my tight married asshole. The pain and searing heat were a delightful mixture of sensations which ultimately became orgasmic pleasure. I slid slowly up and down the length of Neils cock as it stretched my tight asshole wonderfully. James was holding his erect cock at the base, staring at Neils cock sliding in and out of his hot wife's unfaithful asshole. His hand slowly moved up the length of his shaft as he jerked his cock to the imagery of his hot wife being fucked up the ass by his close friend.
I heard Neil whisper in my erogenous ear.
"Get James to fuck your pussy! We'll double penetrate you like a dirty slut!"
I orgasmed immediately at Neils words and the scenario unfolding. I looked at James, my cheeks flushed with sexual excitement and panted.
"James fuck my pussy!"
James almost dashed from behind the bar and maneuvered himself between my opened legs.
Holding the tip of his erect cock at my hungry pussy, he began to slowly ease his length inside me.
"You can't spunk inside her!" Neil said authoritatively "You can either come in her mouth or on her tits!"
Neil's domination of James excited me and from the flushed look on James face, it obviously aroused him also. James nodded his head in agreement as he pushed his entire cock deep inside me. I was full of cock in my asshole and pussy, giving me sensational pleasures I was unaware of.
I began to ride Neil's cock which meant that my rotating hips were also providing sexual pleasure to James. Both guys moaned as I fucked both of the cocks. Neil cupped my huge firm breasts as my tight asshole gripped his cock.
"Your wife is a cheating filthy slut!" Neil snarled, causing James and I to moan in unison at the humiliation and sensual pleasure the moment was providing.
"I'm going to spunk in your slut wife's mouth and she'll lick all of my spunk and her ass juice off my cock!" Neil snarled, which sent me into a delirious orgasm and James to convulse as his orgasm approached.
"I'll send her back to you in the morning reeking of spunk!" Neil grinned.
"Fuck my ass and make me your slut!" I panted as another orgasm surged through me.
James was now pushed over the limit as he withdrew his cock and exploded his spunk up my naked stomach. Spurt after powerful spurt of James orgasm splashed across my stomach, running down to my shaved slit. I'd never known James to erupt such an enormous amount. I was staring at my cum drenched stomach and James wilting cock as Neil pushed his cock deeper inside my asshole.
"Lick it off her!" Neil ordered as James immediately knelt between my legs and obediently began to lap up his own spunk. The heat of his spunk and tingling sensation of his wriggling tongue was only adding to my frenzied sexual state. James was licking every single drop from my stomach as Neil groaned.
"Hurry up cleaning the slut! I'm about to spunk in your slut wife's mouth!" He snarled through clenched teeth.
James lifted me off Neil's cock and positioned me directly in front of Neil's glistening cock. I looked directly into his eyes as I slid my mouth over the dome of his cock. The first spurt gushed inside my mouth as my eyes rolled with lust. Hungrily I swallowed his spunk as the next waves of semen emptied into my slut wife mouth. I was running my tongue around the bell end of his exploding cock. Tasting his hot spicy spunk and my orgasmic ass juice off his shaft, I felt a familiar sensation in my cunt. James was now finger blasting my pussy as another delicious squirting orgasm surged through me.
"Tongue my asshole slut!" Neil growled, as I obediently ran my tongue underneath his emptied balls, slithering my way into the puckered flesh of his asshole. James looked on in shock, horror and unquestionable arousal as his hot wife licked the asshole of another man before his very eyes.
I'd been fucked in the pussy, fucked in the ass, the spunk of two men in or on my body and I hadn't made it to the bedroom yet. This had all of the makings of being an incredibly slutty night!
"I'm going to take a quick shower to give you guys the chance to recharge your batteries!" I smiled as I headed toward the doorway. Turning back and standing before the guys totally naked apart from my high heels, I glanced at both men and grinned.
"When I come back I'll wear anything you want and you can do anything you want to me!" Turning on my heels, I walked sexily out of the room, swaying my hips rhythmically and headed to the shower.