Madison somehow resisted the urge to log in to the porn site and check up on her exposure progress. She didn't want to suddenly become overcome by arousal and cum before her time was up, and she also didn't want to chicken out and take her content down. No, over the next several days, she found other outlets for her sexual perversions and desires. She went to the park wearing a skirt and no panties and sat on a bench and let passers by look at her shaved pussy. She flashed her tits to strangers. She dressed in her skimpiest outfits yet - cutoff white tank tops with no bra, skirts so short her ass hung out, heels. She bought a pair of running shorts a couple sizes to small and ran around town with her ass cheeks hanging out. Madison touched herself like crazy. She sat in a restaurant and edged her pussy constantly as she ate.
About five days in, knowing she had two days left, she couldn't take it anymore. She just had to look. So she made herself a deal - one quick peek and that was it. No googling, no checking other sites. She logged on and searched for "Webslut Madison" and where she had posted probably 40 videos to the site, there were now 400 results. Already nude, she flipped on her camera and went to work.
"Hi, it's me, Madison," she began. "I just - I haven't checked up on my exposure for five days. I still can't cum and I know the minute I see myself spread all around the internet I'll cum like you wouldn't believe. But I just logged in and searched the site for Webslut Madison and I see like - every one of my videos is reposted like ten times just on this site. Ohhhh, God!" She moaned.
"See how ridiculously horny it makes me?" She said, smiling. She moved the camera to show her pussy - red, swollen and puffy as she stroked it. She brought her fingers to her lips and licked them sensually. "So I just wanted to thank you all for taking me seriously and exposing me. I still want it and need it. I hope you guys keep posting me and passing me around. In a couple days I'm going to cum - hopefully while I look at all the different places I have been exposed. So post me everywhere, I want to see myself acting like a nasty little whore when I google my name in a couple of days and then you can see how much I need this. Thank you!"
Madison turned off the camera and posted her newest video to the site, then shut her computer down, agreeing with herself that she would not get back on until August.
Over the next few days, Madison kept herself busy with work and running - or at least she tried. She cut up a couple more shirts to wear on her runs, and a couple more - even a new one - to wear out for errands. She really felt like if she was going to be exposed, she deserved to look like a slut at all times.
Madison even thought briefly about quitting her job once August rolled around and she no longer needed the distraction, but she decided not to for two reasons: first, even if her blackmailer was holding a lot less over her head now that she had all but ensured her own extreme exposure, she also knew he had contact information for her friends and family, and she didn't want to risk angering him and having him send them all links to her videos. Second, if she was really going to force herself to dress in revealing clothing as a matter of daily routine, with no other options in her closet, she was going to need the money to buy some new clothes.
August first finally rolled around, and Madison quickly jumped out of bed and opened her computer. "Fuck!" She said. "Fucking updates!" She groaned and sighed, then decided to take a quick shower while she waited. It really was a quick shower, she barely even got wet.
When she returned to her computer, before she even had a chance to look at the porn site, she saw right away that she had a new email from her blackmailer,, sent just after midnight the night before.
"August is finally here!" He said. "I hope you've been a good girl and kept yourself in denial since we last spoke. I'll know if you didn't. Anyway, you're free to cum now, but I want a video of it, from start to finish. Got it?"
"Shit," Madison thought. Without thinking much, she started an email to him.
"Yes, I've been a good girl. In fact, I made videos every day for about the last three weeks. No cumming though. I got so horny I actually just posted them, and all the other ones I've made for you, on a porn site. I begged to be exposed. I haven't looked at them yet to see how exposed I am because I know I'd cum instantly if I did,, and then I'd probably get scared and take it down! But yeah, I'll make a video. I'm going to look as soon as I get the nerves to do it."
Almost as soon as she clicked send, Madison had another email from her blackmailer in her inbox. It was so fast it was surprising to her, and she got the message before she had time to even glance at the porn site.
"Wait - don't do anything yet. Don't look until I tell you to. I have some instructions for you first."
"Go on" Madison anxiously wrote back. She wondered for a moment why she cared. Her heart was racing and she was dying to see how far her exposure had come. She also knew she had taken much of the control back from her blackmailer by going ahead and posting all the content she had given him. The only thing that he still had on her - and the reason she decided to follow orders - was that he had the contact information for her friends and especially her family, and she didn't want to risk pissing him off.
"First, tell me the name of the site, and your username. I want to see first, before you do," he replied.
Madison obliged, then waited for further instructions. She waited for several minutes, wondering what was coming next. "God, this is killing me!" She said. "He's probably looking at all the new videos I posted." She thought maybe he was checking her exposure out for himself, and she wished deeply to know what he must know, to know exactly how bad it had become. The suspense was killing her. She was both nervous and excited at the thought of how extreme it could be.
"Wow. You filthy little whore," he began. "I have to say, though, you've taken a lot of the fun out of our little game. I never intended to post you around like that - just to threaten you with it and get you to act like a whore. I mean, I may have posted a couple of videos to tease you if you acted up, but you always followed through. But I can see now this exposure stuff was more than a silly fantasy for you - you wanted it to be your reality, for what reason I'll never truly know. I'm sure it will be fun at first, but I do care about you and I hope it doesn't get to a point where you regret it and can't take it back.
Anyway, I want to see your videotaped reaction to what you see. So look whenever you like, but film it, and send the video to me and post it to the porn site when you are done. All of it. If you cry, I want to see it. If you cum, I want to see it. If it takes hours, I want to see it. You get the picture. And now since I know you truly want this I WILL point your whole gallery out to two of your close friends if I don't have your video by the end of the day."
Madison took a deep breath. "I don't know if I'm ready for this or not," she said. She stood up and looked in the mirror. She was nude, as she always was at her apartment these days, except for a pair of heels. She looked at her body. "I really am a slut," she thought. "And I think I'm ready, but if I'm going to make a video I'd better at least dry my hair and fix my makeup."
Madison was shaking with so much nervousness she could barely hold the hair dryer, let alone apply makeup. Several times she had to take a deep breath and relax just to steady her hand enough to finish the job. She then gathered her dildo, nipple clamps and butt plug, just in case she might want them. Then she sat down at her computer, placed her phone on the desk, and began recording.
"Hi, um - it's me again, Madison. I know it's been a few days. But after I posted all my videos, I decided - I decided before - I wouldn't look or log in or anything, so I couldn't take it back even if I wanted to, not until today when I'm finally allowed to cum. So I'm about to look and, to like - to see how exposed I am."
"God, I don't know if I even want to know," she went on. She began stroking her pussy as she spoke. "Like - I'm so fucking nervous, I could be exposed all over by now - which is so exciting but I could be sitting here, reputation ruined, and not even know it yet. But the thought just makes me so fucking wet."
"So, god, I - oh, god, I guess I'm going to look and see how many people have seen it - seen it all, see if it's been reposted - see if you guys did what I asked. Fuck, this is so scary! Why the fuck did I do this!"
"Okay, I'm logging in!" She announced. Her hands were visibly shaking as she typed in the required information. "I'm shaking so bad," she said. "I don't know - I don't know how I'm going to react, I've been dreaming about this, I'm so nervous, so excited all together.
"Okay, so now I'm just looking at my page. Just looking at all the things I've uploaded, haven't looked to see if I've been reposted here or anywhere else yet. That's the part I'm nervous about." Madison giggled nervously. "Okay so - wow, damn! I've been - okay, so I can see like - how many people looked sat each video and like - there are twenty seven thousand hits on the first one and - oh, God! Thirty three thousand watched my throat fuck video, oh my gooood!" Madison jammed two fingers in her moist, wet slit.
"Oh, God, that means thirty three thousand people watched me - watched me gag myself and talk dirty and humiliate myself to tears - and fuck my throat raw! And by the way my throat is fine now but God I want to do that again, humiliate myself, just - act like a whore for all of you! God it's - it's all I am!"
"Okay, that was - wow, thank you, God, thank you - all thirty three thousand of you - for making me feel like - like such a little whore! Fuck I'm dripping wet, all I want is to be turned into a dumb little slut!"
"Okay, now for the fun part - I'm going to look and search my name on the site and see if anything comes up that shows the same videos reposted by other users. Okay, here goes. Whoa - what the fuck - there are twelve hundred fucking hits, I've been - I've been reposted almost 1,200 times just on this site. Oh, God. Oh, fuck, I'm such a dumb fucking slut!" Madison's hand went straight to her mouth, covering it. She was in disbelief and shock that she had been posted that many times.
"I almost want to cry, I don't know what to say, I - oh no, this is going to be bad, this is going to be so bad, I'm going to be so fucked and I - and I've never been more turned on!"
"Okay," she said. Madison's whole body was shaking, convulsing. "I'm so scared to do this but I - I have to know - I have to check other sites and - and see how bad it is. Fuck, why did I want this?"
Madison pulled up another user-submitted porn site she had enjoyed in the past and typed in "Webslut Madison," which was in the caption of every one of the videos she had uploaded. She shook as she typed it in, then waited, holding her breath, for the results.
"Oh. My. GOD!" She screamed. "I - I like - there's hundreds - there's three hundred twenty on this site, I did about forty videos, that means 8 different people - ohhhh, fuck, no! No, no no! Eight people posted all of them here too! Oh fuck, this is worse than I thought. Okay seriously, I'm getting scared now. I don't know if I really wanted it like this. I mean I know I said I did, and I did, but - fuck, why? Why did I want this!" Her hands instinctively went to the sides of her head, holding her head in disbelief.
"Okay. Fuck. This is bad. This is really bad. Let me try one more site. You guys are scaring me, I didn't think anyone was taking me seriously, I mean - you know, I - okay, here goes - oh no! Fuck fuck fuck! I'm on here over a hundred times! Fuck I'm screwed, oh God!" Madison hunched forward, her head in her hands. She sniffles, trying to hold back tears.
"Guys I'm so scared - I'm going to - I'm going to google my name, and see. Okay. Google, nothing on the first page. Wait, I have to turn off the explicit content filter. Okay now - still nothing on the first page. And here's the second, and nothing there. And the third. Oh, HOLY SHIT, there's a link to - to me - with Please Expose Me written on myself - oh fuck, for anyone to see!"
Madison began to cry. "No, this wasn't - this wasn't how this was supposed to go, it was a fantasy. Okay, I'm so scared. I'm so fucked. My life is ruined! Fuck, and I did this to myself! I'm - Im so fucked!" She cried, with her head in her hands, for the better part of a minute, sniffing every so often and looking at the camera.
"I have to - I have to take it back - somehow. I wonder if I delete everything - no, I've lost control, it's all over, people will just watch the other ones and pass me around and - fuck! Please please don't do this to me, I didn't - I don't - please?!" Madison stood up and went and sat on her bed. She took a deep breath and wiped the tears from her eyes and stared off into the distance.
Madison thought for a long time. She thought about her family being disappointed in her when they eventually found out what she had been up to. She thought about being constantly turned down for teaching positions even though she had stellar grades and an impeccable community service record. She even giggled a little at the term "community service," as if she was going down to the shelter and sucking off a bunch of homeless men or something. She really had turned into a slut. She was ashamed, deeply ashamed, and the degradation she felt really touched her core. She couldn't believe she'd been this stupid and naive! She couldn't believe she hadn't listened to herself days ago when she warned herself of the consequences she would face.
Madison began crying again briefly. "I can't do this," she said. "I'm so sorry!" She got up and went back to her computer, staring at the camera on her phone next to her PC. "I'm sorry (sniffle), I'm sorry mom and dad. (Sniffle). I'm sorry I turned into such a whore! I'm - I have to find a way to - I've never felt so humiliated, so degraded, so used. I'm so stupid! I'm so fucked!"
Madison sniffled again. "My reputation is going to be ruined for good, and I - I - my life is ruined!" She wiped her face before she went on. She sat back in her desk chair, legs spread wide. "I feel so exposed," she said, looking at her pussy. "I'd close my legs but it's not like it's anything you haven't seen already. All - how many - thirty three thousand just for one video - probably hundreds of thousands total. I feel so worthless, oh, what am I going to do! Please don't do this to me anymore, please, I just want to be a teacher!" She wailed. "I just want to be normal, please, please give me my life back! Please, I've been so good, can you please just - I don't know, just make it all go away? I didn't want this, not like this!"
Madison covered her face with her hands, as if that was the part she should be concerned about. She looked down at her naked body, displayed again for all to see, and as she did, one nagging thought kept eating at her - that thirty three thousand people - just on the original video she had posted and just on one site - had watched her tan multiple dildos into her mouth until she vomited. And she didn't have to do that, no - she wanted to. She wanted to do it because she wanted to be an exposed whore and prove to everyone that she really was worthless, that she really did deserve to be exposed and ruined and humiliated.
Madison felt a little tingle in her pussy as she thought about this, and slowly she reached her hand down to caress it. "Have a hundred thousand people seen this pussy yet?" She asked the camera.
"Fuck, what if everyone passed me around and showed their friends - I bet we could get there in no time, I -"
"Ow!" Madison said as she slapped herself in the face. "I'm fucking worthless," she said. "Just a fucking object to ruin and use." She slapped herself again. "God, I shouldn't want this, I - I know I'm going to wind up seriously ruined, life wrecked, but fuck it feels so good! Why does it feel so good?!"
Madison reached over to her desk and picked up herself butt plug. After licking it, caressing it with her tongue, she slowly raised both legs up until her knees were near her eyes and pushed it into her ass. She slapped herself in the face. "I deserve to be slapped. It makes me feel like a whore," she said. "A cheap two dollar whore. If any if you ever see me out anywhere, just come up to me and slap my face and tell me I'm a dumb stupid cunt. Okay?"
"I feel like such a whore," she went on. She slapped herself again, harder. "This thing is - when I feel like a whore, I want to act like it. I want it all. Expose me. Hurt me. Humiliate me. Ruin me. and don't ever stop." She slapped herself again.
"Ohhhh, god yes, this feels so good," she said. She began rubbing her pussy harder, sliding two fingers in, then three. "Oh, fuck yes, that's it! Fuck. Fuck I'm such a dumb little slut! Ohhhh fuck this is what I wanted!" She slapped her face again.
"I fucking asked for it," she said, panting heavily. "Don't you ever let me forget that! Don't you guys - ohhhh, don't you ever - forget what I said, when I cried. Ohhhh fuck, thank you! Thank you for ruining me, now make it fucking real, make it count! Post me some more! Ohhhh fuck I need it! See what it does to me? See how fucking horny I get when I've been completely ruined?"
"Ohhh yes!" Madison picked up her dildo - the fat one she had taken down her throat a little over a week ago - and forced it into her pussy. She was incredibly wet, and her pussy stretched wide, offering little resistance. "Ohhhh, yes! Fuck me! I love being exposed and ruined! Give me more, show me you're just getting started! You've set me up, now - ohhhh, ruin me! Ruin my whole life! Ruin my - ohhhh fuck - my reputation - make me not get a job and turn into a cheap stripper and nasty whore! Ohhhh fucking somebody just force me! Grab me and take me home and chain me up, ohhhh just make me your slave, I want it!"
Madison thrusted the dildo in and out, in and out, all the way forward and back. She spread her legs and showed herself to the camera. "Ohhhh, yes, see what you did to me? See how fucking horny I am? Thank you, ohhh, thank you for making me a Webslut! Thank you for ruining me! Now make it worse, I mean it, I don't want to be normal! Oh, fuck! I don't want to be able to take it back! Make it forever you pussies, fucking do it! Make me cry, Ohhh!" She was growling her words now as she fucked herself, the intense arousal evident in her voice.
"Ohhhh, I'm such a sl- sluuuut!" She grunted. "You like this? This? This - whore fucking pussy? Yes! Yes! Yes master! I'll be your little exposed bitch! I'll wear nasty slutty clothes to class! I'll let everyone know I'm - I'm not even a person anymore, I'm just a pathetic whore!" She fucked herself furiously. She was practically punching her pussy with the dildo.
"Ohhhh, yes, I - I'm getting off to - to being - being exposed and - and ruined! I'm such a slut I fucking need it - I want it - ohhhh! I want a million views! Ohhh fuck I want my professors to see! Fuck, I want to be known all over - all over campus as Webslut Madison - as a - an easy fuck - ohhh! I want you to ruin me even more, ohhh! Expose me! I'm a slut! Expose me! It makes me cum, ohhhh, ruin me, I'm such a sluuuuut!"
Madison collapsed onto her dildo. "Oh, fuck! Make me cry, it gets me off! Make me regret it, ohhhhh I'm cunning, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Madison impaled herself on the dildo, collapsing hard, her legs and arms quivering. Her head tilted back and her eyes closed and she shuddered violently.
But she was not done. She pulled the dildo out and rammed it into her throat, abusing it, making herself gag. She pulled it out and looked at the camera.
"Be right back. I want to wreck my cunt for you. I need my other dildo too, I'm going to fuck them both."
Madison got up and left the screen, the plug sparking in her ass as she walked away. She returned a few seconds later with a long, thin dildo in addition to the fat one she had been fucking.
"Ohhh, yes, I love it, I want it bad. Please please just destroy me, I mean it." She slid the larger dildo into her pussy and then positioned the thinner one just underneath it, preparing to take it as well. Once she had it in position, she started to push it inside.
"Oh, ohhhhh!" She moaned. Her legs were shaking, her body just taking what it needed. "Ohhhh, yes, I'm such a little whore! Ohh - I need - I need it, fuck, I - I'm Webslut Madison, I'm Madison Holt from Naper- Naper-Ville, and I'm - I'm fucking - I'm fucking two dildos!"
"Ohhhh fuck I love stretching myself out for you, ohhhhh yes! Yes! Whore me out! Spread my videos around! I want you all to make me - ohhh, make me fucking cry! I don't ever want it to stop!" Madison forced the long, thin dildo deeper into her pussy.
"See how fucking loose I am? Ohhhh! I don't - I don't even know how many - how many cocks I've had in here anymore, ohhhhhh! Ohhhhh, use me, ru- ruin me!" She closed her eyes and tilted her head back and pushed the second dildo farther inside. Tears began to run down her face as she felt her pussy stretch wide.
"Just fu- fucking destroy me, ohhhh! Oh, yes! I'm - I'm a worthless slut! I need it, it makes me cum so goooood to be a - to be exposed, ohhhhh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Madison leaned back in her chair and pushed the dildos out of her body. Eyes still closed, she began furiously rubbing her clit. All of the sudden, she exploded, convulsing, shaking, and a mysterious liquid began erupting from her pussy, shooting halfway to her computer.
"Ohhhhh fuck, I just - oh, fuck I just had the best orgasm of my life!" She moaned. "See what you guys do to me? I mean it, I want millions of people to see me!" Her legs still shaking, she picked up the larger dildo and shoved it back into her pussy.
Lifting her legs high in the air, Madison pulled the plug out of her ass. She held it in front of the camera. "Dare me to lick it?" She said. "I'm just a dumb bimbo whore for you. Is that what you want me to do with my little slut mouth?" She held it in front of her face. It wasn't even a question of whether she was going to do it, it was just a matter of when.
Madison stuck out her tongue. Taking the plug in her hand, she rolled it from side to side across her tongue before inserting it into her mouth, wrapping her lips around it, extracting the juices before swallowing. "Mmmmm, my ass tastes so good," she said. She slid it easily back into her ass.
"One of these days I'm going to destroy my asshole for you all too, so I can be a better dumb whore." She started fucking herself again, her legs still shaking.
"Guess what I'm going to do? I'm going to make a New Years resolution. I know it's only August but I need to prepare for it. I've decided that on New Year's Day, going forward, I'm going to dress like a slut all the time." She slowly began to fuck herself with the single dildo again.
"I'm going to wear nothing but cropped tops. My stomach is going to constantly - literally be on constant display. I'm going to get rid of anything that covers me up too much. I'll be forced to go everywhere like that because every top I have will be cropped short. I've already cut like - cut some T-shirts in half. And I'm going to have just - just short mini skirts and short shorts and maybe a couple of pairs of leggings that are a size too small. And I'll only be allowed to buy normal - like, conservative clothes if I'm going to see my parents or going to an interview or something. And then when I'm done, I'll donate them or cut them in half."
Madison slapped herself in the face. "I'm - I just -I deserve to look like the slut I am. all the time. I'll be going to class with half a shirt on every day. I'll be - I deserve to be stared at like a slut. I want everyone to know what a dumb little slut I am." She kept fucking herself with the dildo as she spoke.
"Ohhhh, yes, that's it, fuck yes! I want you guys to always know you can use me, ohhhh! Just call me a slut. Slap me in the face." She slapped herself again. "It makes me feel like a dumb little cunt. It makes me horny. Being exposed makes me sooooo horny, see?"
"I want to cum again for you. I haven't cum in like - a month, you know - before today. Fuck, I'm so ruined. I want my life and my reputation ruined, can you help me please? Please just - please just make me even more exposed. I need more. I need it to come up with all my nasty videos when you google my name. I need to be passed around and used, ohhhh!"
Madison sat up and put on her nipple clamps. She placed the dildo in her chair so she could ride it, with one foot on the floor and the other at the edge of her chair. She leaned a little closer to the camera and slapped her face hard.
"Ow!" She squealed. She slapped herself again. "I'm not even a person, I'm just a toy!" She slapped herself even harder. "Just an object! Just a dirty dumb bitch!"
Madison began furiously raining down blows on her face. With each up and down motion on her dildo, she slapped herself again. "Ohh! Oh! Oh!" she cried out. "I don't- (slap) want you to - (slap) have any (slap) respect for me!" She cried out. "Don't (slap) respect me (slap)! I don't (slap) want you to (slap) care about me (slap)! Just (slap) use (slap) me (slap) hard (slap)!"
Her face was turning a nice shade of red. "Make (slap) me (slap) fucking (slap) cry! (Slap)! Expose me! (Slap) Everywhere! (Slap) Ruin (slap) my (slap) fucking (slap) life (slap), ruin (slap) my (slap) reputation!"
Madison began to furiously bounce up and down on the dildo as she slapped herself. She began to cry, tears streaming down her face and mixing with her hand when she slapped her cheek. "Ohh, ohhh, mmmm, ohhhh, ohhhh, ow, ow, ohhhh, I'm a SLUUUUT!" She delivered one final blow to her own cheek as she slouched on top of her dildo and came again, hard, shaking the whole time. She leaned back in her chair, exhausted.
"Ohhhh, fuck that was good," she said. "I've never been more humiliated in my life. Oh, fuck, I'm so fucked, what am I going to do?" She started to cry again, burying her head in her hands, sniffling.
"I'm - I'm sorry," she said. "I just - it's hitting me really hard, that I basically ruined myself so I could get degraded and - I mean, I had one hell of a morning, right?" She smiled through her tears. "I - I have to go."
Madison turned off the camera. She looked at the video - forty-seven minutes. She thought about pulling down all the content she posted before realizing it wouldn't do any good - she had been reposted so many times that one iteration of her videos online would make no difference. So instead, she sent the video to her blackmailer and uploaded it to the porn site, just the latest in a series of her self-humiliation chronicles.
Satisfied, Madison stood up, walked to her bed, still naked except for her heels. She collapsed into her bed and cried herself to sleep.