I had an injury while snowboarding when I was 30 years old. Something had gone wrong with my hip and I saw a doctor about it who referred me to a surgeon. The surgeon was quite pragmatic and inspected my range of movement. He had some theories and said we'd explore it conservatively. He ordered for a scan to be done and sent me to an imaging clinic called Riverford.
I had been pretty lucky in life so far and hadn't had many injuries so consequently I was pretty new to scans like this. I arrived a bit early at the clinic.
The receptionist was a nice, more mature woman around 45 if I had to guess. She was a dark brunette, wore glasses and had a sweet smile. As for her body, I'd say she was about 5'4" and still had a very nicely rounded figure. It seemed like she knew that though because she was wearing nice high waist jeans and a simple white v-neck T-shirt that was revealing a fair bit. A classic sort of look.
She handed me some forms I had to fill out and then turned around to photocopy a few things while I started reading the documents. I couldn't help but notice as she bent down to fix something that was wrong with the copier. As she leaned forward, her top rode up a little bit and I could see just above the back of her light jeans. In between them, I noticed she was wearing a pair of pink panties with a slightly frilly edge - not what I expected from an older woman to be honest - and I immediately felt a stirring in my loins.
She turned around a little suddenly and caught me looking. I dropped my eyes to the forms but looked back up a second later to judge her reaction. Was she pissed off or a little flattered?
I saw her eyebrows were raised slightly but then luckily her eyes softened and a little smirk formed as she looked to the side in a sexy way and then back to me.
"Doing all right there?" she asked and I realised she meant the paperwork.
"Oh, yeah. Just figuring it out still" I replied with an innocent smile.
"Yeah? It can be confusing... Here let me take a look" she said.
Before I had a chance to respond she walked around the counter of the reception desk and sidled up next to me. She moved her fingers across the form and pointed out the various things to tick or cross. She wasn't afraid to let her skin touch my own as she moved her hands around. Her perfume saturated my senses and I glanced down at her.
I'm about 6" so I had a pretty good view down her blouse and it didn't disappoint. I expected to see a matching pink bra but instead I was even more shocked to find she was going braless today. This woman was full of surprises. Another inch was added to my expanding dick.
Lastly she gently put her fingers around my hand that was still holding the pen and guided my whole me down to the signature box - completely unnecessarily.
"And... you just want to leave a mark down here too. Be careful because the tip can get pretty wet sometimes." she added and lifted her eyes slowly up to me with a smile.
I gulped and my mouth suddenly felt dry "I'm sorry?" I stammered a bit.
"The pen. The tip of the pen can get a bit inky" she added.
"Right. That makes sense" I said with a slight laugh.
She stood there for an extra second and said "take your time" while she patted me on the arm and gave my bicep a little squeeze. I was suddenly thankful that I had been continuing to go to the gym regularly even after my injury and working out areas I still could. I wasn't as trim as before the accident but I knew I was still looking pretty good.
I finally finished the paperwork and she took it from me. She told me to just wait in a seat until a nurse came and gave me a little wink.
I was feeling pretty good about the interaction. I've always found fun when you know there's something a little taboo going on and someone is flirting when they shouldn't be.
I sat down and started to relax. I could feel my dick was actually pretty heavy in my groin after that situation and my mind was wandering a bit about the receptionist.
I tried to remember I was here for medical reasons and that I should probably get my erection under control before the nurse arrived. I figured even if the receptionist liked to flirt, that was probably the exception rather than the rule.
Suddenly a voice called out "Mr Douglas?".
I stood up and responded affirmatively. I then saw a very cute and surprisingly young nurse with auburn hair hanging around her face. She was wearing hospital smocks and holding a clipboard. She smiled very sweetly to me and asked me to follow her.
As I did I watched her body moving ahead of me. She was about 5'1" I think. Shorter than the receptionist and looked around 25 which surprised me a little - younger than I expected for a nurse. Her outfit hugged her figure tautly, I could see a faint outline of her panties under her pants and I could tell she had a great ass and nice, healthy young breasts. Not as big as her mature colleague but still a good proportion. I could feel the blood flowing again to my groin as I tried to take a more calming breath.
She extended her arm and directed me into a room with a large scanning machine and a changing area to the side with a retractable privacy shield. She gave me a blue medical gown to change into and told me to take everything off.
With genuine curiosity I asked "My underwear too?" and with a compassionate expression she said "Oh no. Just your pants and shirt will be enough. I should've been more specific" and she smiled.
I closed the privacy shield behind me, changed down to my underwear and put on the medical gown with the opening around my back. It was a thin material but it helped me keep some of my dignity. Although I was a bit disappointed to think she wouldn't get to see my physique better and the work I'd put in at the gym.
I stepped out to find her waiting for me and she directly me to platform to stand on and instructed me on how to position my feet so the machine aligned correctly with my pelvis. It was pretty involved and she had to place her hands on my hips to adjust me a few times, telling me to turn a bit.
Strangely, she bobbed down slightly as well to really look carefully at the angles of my hips. She was at eye level with my groin and I could feel myself being examined through the semitransparent smock. My manhood continued to unfurl and lengthen as I felt she was taking longer for her own enjoyment. She stepped back seemingly pleased with the result and glanced up at me again with that beautiful smile and I grinned slightly.
She walked back behind a safety screen and operated the machine remotely. It whirred and moved until it aligned. She tsked her tongue slightly though and then asked me to twist a bit more one way. I obliged but she had to ask me to go further. Eventually it was clear I couldn't't follow her instructions precisely enough and she came back around to adjust me directly.
"I'm sorry to ask this but it's a bit tough to get the alignment right without being able to see your hip bones more clearly. Could I ask you to remove the smock? Would that be okay?" she asked.
I was a little surprised but also happy to show her my muscles. The only trouble is that my dick was about 50% hard at this point and I knew she'd be able to tell. I was wearing briefs but they tended to hug me pretty snugly and they were dark grey meaning the shadows could be seen without much trouble.
This is also probably a good time to mention the fact that I'm quite blessed in that department. When erect I'm just over 9" long and a pretty meaty girth as well, measuring just over 6" around. It's always nice to see a woman's first reaction to seeing it come out - usually I get a mix of genuine surprise from younger girls and knowing anticipation from more experienced women.
At this point I think my erection had reached a comfortable 6" or so in length, and it was feeling nice and warm despite the cool sterile environment.
Of course, I wasn't going to pass up this opportunity, so I said "Sure, no worries" and immediately proceeded to pull the smock off. I held it bunched up in front of me with my abs and groin on display for her. Her eyes dropped down from my face to take a better look at my package and I'm happy to say that, even with her presumably extensive experience seeing many male specimens through her job, I could tell she was happily surprised. When her eyes actually saw what I had revealed her eyebrows lifted in delight. Little did she know how much bigger I could get.
I threw the bunched up smock into a bucket of other smocks nearby and relaxed my posture again. "How's that?" I said.
"Let me see" she replied and she stepped up towards me. Placing her hands on my waist and hips again to adjust me. Her face just a few inches from my pulsing cock. She adjusted me several times, asking me to shuffle my feet a few times. It definitely took a while and I enjoyed letting her get a good look. "OK, yeah" she said, "It's... perfect."
And she spun around while flashing another smile, she headed back to the control room, adjusted the machine and took a few shots in a row. Finally she stepped back around to the exam room with me and had me hop down from the platform.
"There's just one more position I need to scan you in. I am going to adjust the machine and have you lay down on your back" she explained while adjusting the machine with a remote control.
I stood nearby her as she set it up and I could smell her perfume. Different to the receptionist, more fruity and playful.
"It's nice to see a guy who takes care of himself" she said absently while focused on the controls.
She laid down some paper along the now bed-like machine and asked me to jump onto it while she patted the surface. "Just put your butt here and I'll adjust you again."
I didn't need to be told twice and I confidently stepped up to the machine and laid down as I was becoming more comfortable around her.
By this point my cock had grown another inch of length and was really straining against my briefs. It would be even more obvious once I laid down.
As I started to lower my head back I took a quick glance down my chest and abdomen to see that my thick cock was bending out to the side over my left hip, twisted a bit by my clothing but still very impressively large at this stage.
She looked down at me with a knowing smile and started making adjustments. Putting some pads under my sides to tilt my body a bit for the scan. She placed her hands on my hips again, now they felt warmer and she twisted me a little bit. Her nails lightly grazed against my skin.
Once she'd finished the adjustments, she pulled her hands away but seemingly let them drag across my body instead of completely pulling away. I felt two of her nails catch on the fabric and run along my cock for a couple of inches before finally lifting away. There was no way it was unintentional.
My breath caught as she did it and I noticed her lips part a little bit as well as her eyes stayed locked on my dick. As I breathed again, I felt another half inch of my cock lengthen and I could even feel some precum spill out from the head. I knew tell that with the grey fabric of my briefs it would be leaving a clear mark at this point and I'm sure she noticed.
She ran back to behind the safety screen and resumed her exam. A few more movements of the machine and snaps of the scanner and she was done. She came back around to let me know we were finished and she stood there with her hands clasped behind her back, standing straight while her pert breasts pressed against her nurse smocks.
I was a little sad to go but I had thoroughly enjoyed the taboo she had indulged in. Between her and the receptionist my motor has really gotten going to be honest and she had clearly enjoyed the show too.
She asked me to get changed while she prepared the scans for the doctor to review. I didn't bother shutting the changing area divider. Afterwards we'd meet again in the reception area she said.
As I got dressed I felt my cock deflate a bit and knew that while it was fun. It was still work for her and that was probably as far as she would take things. She wasn't going to risk her job over me.
Once I was ready I walked back through the corridors and found the front desk again. When I arrived I could see the nurse chatting closely with the hot receptionist from before. The older woman was smiling and listening intently. She noticed me approaching and her smile widened as she looked over at me. Her eyes hinted at what the topic of their conversation had been.
"Mr Douglas. You're all done. Sandie took good care of you, I hear" spoke the receptionist with a devilish little smile.
I blushed ever so slightly but smiled back as well. "Yeah she was very thorough and patient with me."
Sandie, the nurse, added "Oh no, the pleasure was all mine Mr Douglas. The doctor here will review your scans and send a report back to your clinic within a couple of days."
"Hopefully if you need more scans... then we'll see more of you." She cocked her head a tad as she added this last part and smiled. I responded "I'd like that." with a chuckle and she nodded her head as her cheeks warmed a bit and walked back to the imaging area.
I turned back to the receptionist to find her beaming at me while leaning back in her chair comfortably. I decided to have a bit more fun and say "Your sister is a really nice girl."
The receptionist just laughed and responded "Oh that's a good one. So I'm the older sister, is that right?"
"Actually I think the jury is still out." I said.
She lifted her hand to her mouth and bit her thumb a little while looking at me. Clearly enjoying having her ego stroked a bit by the comments.
She took a deeper breath and smiled, shaking her head a little. We proceeded to organise the payment for the exam. Once we were nearly done I just had to sign the receipt and the pen oozed a bit too much ink from the tip. "Oops" I said, as I dabbled it away a bit with another piece of paper.
The receptionist peeked back at what had happened and added "Oh. Don't worry, Sandie told me there's plenty more to spare" and she grinned as she looked back up to me. I blushed again.
I left the imaging clinic feeling intensely turned on. In fact, I found myself thinking over it all for the next couple of days before returning to my doctor for a follow up consultation. He studied the report carefully but he said it didn't explain all of my symptoms.
I had been secretly hoping he was going to order more exams and he did. This time he said he needed a bit more detail though and told me there'd be an injection needed to help with the scans this time. It sounded simple enough and he asked "that clinic in Riverford was good? Happy for more scans there?"
"Absolutely" I said.
To be continued.
(This was my first story. I hope you all enjoyed it. I have a few ideas of where it can go next and there'll be a bit more action next time ;-)