There I sat, naked and bound to a chair. The rope was tightly bound over my boobs, digging into my nipples, hurting them, making my massive boobs look like four globes instead of two. A rope ran over my crotch too, digging into my labia, rubbing against my clit, creating a painful yet pleasant sensation.
Trupti stood a few feet away from me. Also completely naked. Not completely naked. She was wearing high heels. And she had a knife in her hands. Smiling that manic smile. Her tits, as big as mine, standing confidently taut.
"Why won't you just give in?" she asked, striding close to me, and placing the tip of the knife between my boobs.
"I can't." I say. "I wasn't raised like that."
"That's what's stopping you? How you were raised?" Trupti threw her head back and laughed. She then brought her face close to mine and said, "For fuck's sake. Can't you see we're on the edge of something important here?"
"It's still wrong." I said.
I closed my eyes and struggled to free myself from the restraints. I knew that if I tried hard enough, I could go free. I just wasn't trying hard enough. Maybe if I tried to distract her.
"Wrong, huh?" Trupti said, and threw the knife on the floor. She then held up her right index finger and smiled at me. She decided to distract me.
"No, please don't." I implored.
"You know you like it." she said and bent in the waist in front of me.
"Please..." I said, now feebly, as Trupti's fingers slid under the rope, and found my clit. Accurately. Instantly. The way only she could. The way no one else could.
"You know you want more." she whispered in my ear.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh..." I moaned in response to what her fingers were doing.
"You know we have to do this." she said, rubbing faster.
"Mmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhh..." I groaned.
"Can't do this without you. I would've done it myself but you know it isn't possible anymore." Trupti said and her fingers went into overdrive.
And I could sense that despite not wanting to, I was about to orgasm. And I would, in all probability, join her in the plan. And help her finish it. Because I did start it with her.
But how did it start?
====
Six months ago. Friday afternoon. I am looking over a Pottery Pen catalog under my desk when Jan walks in.
"Busy, huh?" she cattily says, eyeing the catalog as I stuff it into a drawer.
"Sorry, Jan."
"You're being paid for your time here, you know?" she says, sliding into the chair opposite me.
"Yes, I was just..."
"I don't care what you were just." Jan coldly says. "You need to realize that as women in this field, we have a higher standard to live up to."
"Yes, Jan." I say, staring at my hands.
"Particularly, someone like you, from a foreign country. You should know better than to drool over catalogs during company time."
"Sorry Jan."
Jan shakes her head in disappointment and reaches into her bag.
"Anyway, you have to go to Baltimore tomorrow."
"Tomorrow, Jan? But tomorrow is a Saturday and..."
"And what? It's not like you have a boyfriend or anything." she derisively says. "Go to Baltimore, meet with the Starlight folks, and sell them on our new financial services bundle."
"Ok, Jan." I meekly say.
"Make sure you take a bus. It's just a couple of hours away. No flights or Acela Express."
"But Jan, the travel policy allows me..."
"Doesn't matter what the travel policy allows you. It finally gets counted under my budget. Why do you want to waste an hour getting to La Guardia, then an hour checking in and waiting, then another hour flying to Baltimore when in the same time, a bus can get you there? For a tenth of the price? We all need to tighten our belts."
"But Jan, at least a train will..."
"Don't be such a prissy princess! Take a bus! And stay in a motel this time, not some fancy Marriott. We're still technically in a recession." she admonishes me. "You should embrace austerity. You come from a poor country."
"Jan please... I hate buses..." I say, feeling sick at the thought of being in a bus. "Let me take a train. I don't need the Acela. Even a regular Amtrak will..."
"What's there to hate about buses?"
I just stare at my desk silently, unable to articulate my morbid abhorrence of buses.
"Maybe buses in India are shitty. Buses here are nice. You must take a bus! Show some discipline, for cryin' out loud!"
I feel like saying to her - you bitch, you fly business class and stay in five star hotels whenever you travel. And I am the one who has to talk to all the clients into closure. So why should I have to take a ratty bus and stay in a dingy motel? But instead I say,
"Yes, Jan."
Jan pushes the Starlight file towards me, gets up, and walks away. After she leaves, I wait for a few minutes. Then defiantly reach for the Pottery Pen catalog. And order some new sheets for my bedroom. And then, I immerse myself in the Starlight file.
Is this why I slogged through high school and then college in India? Worked extra hard to get into an American grad school with full funding, because my parents couldn't afford to pay the full tuition? Got a job on Wall Street? To be pushed around by another woman, who kept implying all the time how, by being Indian, I was somehow inferior to her Caucasian self?
---
Later that night. In the event hall of a Ramada in Iselin, NJ. I am decked up in my newest salwar kameez, and wearing jewelry that my mom left me. My hair is in a braid like it usually is. I am not as trendily dressed as some of the other women here.
Yet another Indian singles mixer. I have no illusions of meeting anyone with any real future with me. I am here just for the fun of it. To see their jaws drop at my answer to their very inappropriate question, "So what is your salary?". Indian men, even if they have grown up in America and American accents, are usually not ready for women who earn more than them. Which is why I try to assert my professional success.
Usually I am diffident and meek around people I know, like Jan or my relatives or even the very few people who consider me a friend. But in front of these strangers, I find myself able to be a lot more assertive, blase, even a little cruel sometimes.
This mixer has a speed-dating type thing set up. I am seated on a chair in front of a dinky table, with men spending a couple of minutes at each table. With all of them, it's the same story. I assert my success. They squirm. They ask if I cook. I say no. They ask me about my family. I tell them my parents are dead. They spend a minute more and then feel saved by the bell.
And then HE sits down. My heart sinks. Where did he come from?
"Hi. Nice to see you again." he says politely. "I am Malay."
"Hello." I say, nodding my head.
"Remember me?"
"No!" I say a little too defiantly.
"You're not really here to meet a prospective groom are you?" he asks, with a smile on his face.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean I have seen you in so many of these events all over the country. In California, Chicago, Houston, Dallas, Seattle, Miami, and even Phoenix."
"So?" I defiantly say.
He flashes me a charming smile.
"So, it means you are just like me. A tourist. Here for the fun of it. To make other Indians squirm. I have seen how guys look after they meet you."
"Oh yeah?" I argue back. "And how about the girls who meet you? They look like they've seen a ghost."
"I am not denying that. I just want you to admit it." he says. "Like you've just admitted that you've noticed me too."
"I admitted nothing." I say and fold my hands. And I sit leaning back.
He flashes me another smile, and says
"I am based out of New York. I get the feeling you are too. Here's my card if you want to meet some time." he slides a card across the table. And I look at it. Malay Singhal. Works for a top media firm.
"Ok." I say.
"What's your number?" he asks.
I stare at him. Then I tell him. And then add,
"But don't call me. Ever."
"Sure. That's why you gave me your number." he smiles, saving it in his cellphone.
I sit there glaring at him. He sits there smiling at me. For what seems like ages. The bell rings. He moves to the next table. And another guy replaces him.
This guy, Malay, he is not there to find a match. Neither am I. But I find it offensive to see someone else like me. He ruined everything. He ruined the illusion. He ruined the fun.
"Hello, Myself Romesh Mehta. Motel owner in Hastings, Nebraska. Your good name please?" I am shaken out of my reverie. Ah yes, this guy uses the phrase "your good name". Perfect!
I flash him an evil smile. And set about freaking him out.
-----
This is what my life has been reduced to. Yes, I have a 6-figure income job at a reputed Wall Street firm. But it comes at the expense of long hours in the office, and most weekends spent traveling to random locations to sell clients the services of our firm. Something my boss Jan should do. Something I should make Jan do. Maybe complain to her boss, who is also a woman. But I am too insecure about my career to do that. I am too much of a wimp to do that.
Socially, I was always handicapped. My late parents, may god have mercy on their souls, were the textbook definition of "old-fashioned 20th century Indian middle class". Any contact with boys was shunned. But I was expected to do well academically. My dad was not happy to just have me coast through school and marry me off. As his only daughter, he expected all the achievements of me that he would expect from a son. But I was placed under social restrictions no son would ever have to face.
After slogging my ass off in school, I made it to a decent American public university in the Midwest for grad school. Some boys, Indian and otherwise, did hit on me. I tried to stave off their advances, in the name of focusing on my career, as dad always taught me to.
"Focus on studying hard and building a great career. These crucial years will never come back." my dad would lecture me every week. "Boys and romance and marriage will happen in its own time. I will find you the perfect man. Leave that to me. You just keep your focus on studies."
But eventually, one guy broke through. He was perfect for me. Smart, reasonably good looking, from a decent family, and a very nice person. He was the one I lost my virginity to, on a second hand mattress on the floor of his bedroom in an apartment he shared with 3 other Indian grad students. We were the perfect couple. Our future was set. Or so we thought. Or so I thought.
We weren't from the same caste, but I didn't expect that to be a problem for a guy like him. How wrong I was! His parents wanted him to marry a girl from their caste. And from a rich family. One whose parents owned several businesses that he could inherit. What hurt me the most was, he didn't even put up a token fight against them. Abandoned me as soon as they raised a stink. And moved on with ease. Married the girl his parents chose and posted pictures of him beaming with her on Facebook. As if all I ever meant to him was a fuck buddy, a welcome distraction while he completed his Masters program.
I thanked my stars I hadn't mustered up the courage to tell my parents about him. They were happy I had finished my Masters. Got a job in New York City, the business capital of the world. And then, a week before they were about to visit me in the US to attend my graduation, they were in a bus that slammed into a truck on the highway. And that was that.
I went back to India. Cremated what was left of them. Sold off what little property they owned. Spent some token time with relatives who had never been too close to us anyway. Took whatever money was left, and came back to America. Moved to New York City. Started my job. That is, started doing Jan's work for her. And focused on filling my tiny upper west side apartment with Pottery Pen stuff.
I tried dating. Meeting men through acquaintances, through friends, some from work, and even some from online dating sites and apps. Some Indian, some non-Indian. But as a 24 year old with no prior dating experience at it, I always struck out. It's not like I was ugly. I mean, yeah, I didn't wear make-up, didn't wear the trendiest clothes, and I did braid my hair for convenience. I knew I was not ugly. But looks didn't matter. What did me in was my awkwardness. I did not possess the flirting skills an average NY woman possesses. I would usually clam up. And guys never really went past a couple of dates. There were a couple of awkward booty calls but that was it.
Which is why I resorted to these Indian singles mixers all over the US. My job required me to travel everywhere anyway. And Jan was always inconsiderate enough to schedule my travel on weekends and make me take cheaper red-eye flights that I had to wait for till late at night. So I would look up what the latest Indian events, or the latest Indian singles mixers were. And attend them. A way to spend my evenings in unknown cities.
The first few times, I was genuinely looking for a good match. But after a couple of those mixers I realized they were filled with 2nd or 3rd generation dorks, who were looking for an arcane idea of what an Indian wife should be. Career? What's the need for that? Do you cook? How about laundry? How soon would you like to have kids? They didn't want a wife. They wanted a maid with a womb.
Disillusioned, I started treating these mixers as sport. Instead of trying to find someone, I started focusing on freaking the guys out. And it provided me with some comfort. Some recreation, apart from my Pottery Pen shopping. I was usually very diffident, but my pent up aggression and frustration at the world found an outlet in these mixers. If there was an Indian singles mixer happening around me, I was there. And I never thought anyone noticed. Until Malay. Whom I had also seen around all over the country. Whom I also knew to be in a similar game.
From now on, I decided, if I see Malay, I would sneak out of the event early.
====
Sunday night. The Baltimore deal is almost through. I only need to send them a confirmatory fax. Such dinosaurs, still hung up on fax. I am waiting downtown for the bus back to New York. It's an hour before departure time so I decide to do some window shopping. I walk into a designer clothing store, feeling decidedly frumpy in my loose business casuals. I admire the low cut evening wear and cocktail dresses. Look longingly at the skirts and tops.
The sales girl is hovering around to see if I need any help. I need help, but not the kind she can give me. I am severely conscious about my body. I am not fat or anything. I just don't feel sexy. I never have. I could get into one of these dresses. I am just not sure I could carry it off. I look around for a while and then leave the store.
Next, I browse around in a book store, a cute chocolate shop and an antique store. The next store I see brings me to a standstill. It's an adult bookstore with neon silhouettes of naked women. I have heard about these places. Seen them all over Manhattan, especially in the touristy areas. Never had the courage to go into one. But this time, curiosity gets the better of me. I open the door and walk in.
There's a middle aged lady behind the counter and a young black man stocking the shelves. Neither of them casts me a second glance. It is a big breakthrough for me to cast off years of conservative upbringing and walk into this Gomorrah, but for them, I am just another customer.
Doing my best to not be too scandalized, I look at the wares they have on offer. Nudie magazines and videos, with buxom naked women on the covers. God, how can these women be so comfortable naked and on display? Even when I was sleeping with a guy, I preferred to have the lights off. I browse some more. Dildos and vibrators. Lingerie, some of it edible. Whips, handcuffs, creams of various kind. All kinds of toys I have only read about but never seen up close. And then more dildos.
I start wondering about how dildos are made. Do they cast molds from actual penises? Do guys get hard and stick their penises into plaster of paris? Or does someone sculpt them independently? Is there a production line for them? What material works best? Is there such a thing as an artisan handmade dildo? I wonder how the pay is. That'll be an interesting line of work. Designing and selling dildos. Sounds more fun than selling financial services.
Some of the stuff intrigues me. I consider buying a dildo and a vibrator. I even take one of each off the shelf. But then the thought of actually plonking them down in front of another person, signaling I need those aids...it sounds too much for my middle class Indian sensibilities to bear. I put them back. Maybe I can order them online later. I still feel a little conflicted though. Why am I so ashamed of buying this stuff right here? Maybe I should. I reach for the toys again, when there's a sound of the door opening. Reflexively, I pull my hand back.
It's a woman about my age, carrying a couple of pink bags. She looks brown, maybe Hispanic. She confidently strides up to the aisle I am standing in and picks up an assortment of goods, including dildos, vibrators, handcuffs, and a lot of other stuff I can't even look at without blushing. She sees me staring at her, nods, and walks to the register. I slowly head towards the door myself. As the clerk is ringing her up, I walk out the door.
I see the bus is now here. I head for it, heart pounding. I think about delaying boarding till the last minute but then decide to just get it over with. Soon I am inside on an aisle seat. Half the bus is empty. The window seat next to me is empty.
This is the first time I have been in a bus since my parents died in one. On the way here, I had taken the Amtrak at my own expense. But I can't afford to keep doing that even with my salary, if Jan isn't going to reimburse it anymore. I need to get used to being in buses.
My heart is about ready to jump through my chest. I keep having visions of how my parents' remains looked after the accident. How mangled and twisted the bus chassis was in the pictures. That smell of human flesh being cooked with butter in the crematorium seems to waft back from my memory bank. That acute awareness of how utterly alone I am in this world now. I am praying for my parents' souls.
I am also praying for the seat next to me to be empty. So I can sit comfortably, maybe stretch out and sleep when the bus gets going. Not exactly sleep. Close my eyes and rest them.
Sleep has been hard to come by ever since mom and dad died. I keep popping Advil PM pills at night, but even that doesn't help sometimes. In fact today, I have been without sleep for almost 48 hours straight. So I am hoping the motion of the bus will put me to sleep for the 4 hours it takes to get to New York.
I keep staring at the trickle of people walking down the aisle, hoping none of them will sit next to me.
An older gentleman stops next to me, shoves his bag into the overhead bin, and then sits in the row behind me. Phew, dodged a bullet. A few more people walk by. The trickle of people ends. Yes, I smile, two seats to myself.
Just as I am celebrating my spatial conquest, I see her again. The woman from the adult bookstore. She strides in through the door. Glides down the aisle. Heads turn. And why wouldn't they? She looks gorgeous. Her thick silky black hair flowing down her shoulders. Definitely a Latina, I decide from her confident body language and easy way of dressing sexy. Her cleavage suggestively peeping through her tank top. And her smooth mocha legs visible under her short skirt. She moves with the grace of a tigress hunting for her prey.
She smiles at a few people as she walks down the aisle. And then she stops, right next to my row. Puts one dainty pink bag in the overhead compartment. And slides past me to sit down on the window seat next to me. Flashes me a smile, and then examines the window carefully, and checks out the red handle on it..
"We're next to the emergency exit window. We gotta know where to pull to open it. In case there's an accident." she says to me cheerfully, in an accent I have trouble placing.
"Oh yeah." I say. Thanks for pointing out one accident related thought that I had somehow managed to ignore. "Major responsibility, huh?"
"I guess." she shrugs. "Imagine if we crash going at 80 miles an hour, the bus is on fire. And the only way to escape fire is to properly open this window."
I cringe and look away. I feel like slapping her. Angry as if she is bringing up this topic on purpose just to torment me. But she doesn't know me. How could she?
She puts her other bag under the seat.
I continue, "So what do you do?"
"Excuse me?" she says, cocking her eyes.
"I mean, what do you do for a living?" I ask.
She looks at me with an amused expression on her face.
"You know." she says. "I can't help but think you're asking me this just so you can tell me what you do. Like your career is the only thing you have going for you."
"What? No! I was just..."
"I do lots of things but currently, I am here for dildos." she says, reaching for the other bag she has just put under the chair.
"Ummm...what????" I ask, scarcely able to believe my ears.
"I make dildos." she says and opens her bag. I see a couple of dozen dildos of different kind laid out neatly. "You know, devices to help women achieve satisfaction."
"Oh." I say, squirming in my seat. It is so weird that I was just thinking about the antecedents of dildo making, and here I am seated right next to a professional. At least she is a woman. If it had been a man talking about dildos, I probably would have jumped out of that emergency exit window.
"Didn't I see you in that sex store earlier?"
I blush and nod.
"I am also considering making other stuff. So I was picking up some samples. You didn't buy anything, did you?"
"No."
"Too shy? Well, that's the driving force behind my business. Selling dildos online. Many women are like you, uncomfortable with their sexuality. They want to shop online but don't trust the websites. So I have a partly online partly offline business model. I advertise my stock online, but deliver it discreetly by myself. Payment only on delivery. Women feel comfortable buying such stuff from another woman."
"Oh." I am surprised again that she is running the very business I was thinking about earlier.
"You seem like the type. Here's my card if you ever need anything." she says, handing me a card from a stack in the side-pocket of the bag.
"Trupti Darshan." I read, and am taken aback. I steal a quick glance at her and look at the card again.
"You're surprised I am an Indian like you." she says, with an all-knowing smile.
"No..." I say, then, "I mean...yes. I had you pegged as a..."
"As a what? Latina?" she asks, closing the bag.
"Yes."
"Just because I haven't braided my tresses and dressed like a matron? And I am showing cleavage?"
"No, of course not."
"All Indian women don't have to be like you, you know. Uncomfortable about their sexuality, timid, unsure, relying on some corporate job to prove their self-worth." she non-chalantly says, putting the bag under the seat again.
"Excuse me!" I say, looking very offended. I took enough crap from Jan at work. The last thing I needed was some stranger treating me like shit.
"How is your life working out for you by the way?"
"It's good."
"You look like shit. I don't mean you are bad looking. You have bags under your eyes, stress on your face, and thin red veins all over the white of your eye. I think your life must be shit."
"You don't know me." I say defensively. Her face softens and she smiles. She puts her hand on my shoulder and rubs it.
"Alright, I am sorry. Anyway." she says. "I am like you. Got a masters degree after college, got a well-paying stuffy corporate job. But then I realized that wasn't the life I wanted to lead. So I changed course."
"By selling dildos?"
"Yeah, want one? Free sample!" she takes a dildo out of the bag and offers it to me. A couple of people around the bus look at us with surprise. My face is flushed with embarrassment.
"Trupti, please!" I whisper. She starts laughing and puts it back in the bag.
"You're a walking cliche of voluntary repression. So where are you from?"
And that is how I met Trupti Darshan. On a nondescript bus back from Baltimore to New York City. She was occasionally arrogant and dismissive, but had this good listener quality too. And I couldn't help but speak to her. I really needed someone to listen to me. We spoke throughout the bus ride. It was mainly me speaking about my job. My frequent travels. Trupti just listened. With a faint smile on her face. Some time during that conversation, I must have nodded off.
Because the next thing I remember, my head was on her shoulder as we pulled in to the Port Authority bus terminal in New York. We parted ways with a quick peck on each others' cheeks. She told me to stay in touch. I am thinking, I will never probably see you again in my life.
-----
I reach my apartment. Dig into my purse for my keys. Can't find them! Where the heck are the keys? Ten minutes of intense search, and I still cannot find my keys.
"Sorry ma'am." the security guard of my building says. "They don't give us night shift guys the extra keys. You'll have to wait until morning when the daytime guards come."
Great! What am I supposed to do now? I walk to a hotel close by, with my bags in tow. Sold out. Not a single room available. Fucking tourist season. Seven more hotels in a 4 block radius. All sold out. No vacancy.
I walk out of the eighth hotel, dragging my bags behind me, my arms starting to hurt. Maybe I should call someone and crash with them. But who? I have no close friends in the city. Or in any other city to be honest. I reach into my purse, and pull out a card. Malay. I consider calling him. Worry about how it would look. It would look like I was looking for a booty call. Would that be so bad? He isn't a bad looking guy. I let my mind drift, then pull it back. That's not how I was raised, I scold myself.
See the next card. Trupti Darshan. The woman I had just met. Still, a woman nonetheless.
"Hello, Trupti here."
"Hi Trupti. It's me. We were just on the bus from Baltimore together."
"Oh yeah. Braided hair. I remember you." she says, laughing softly. "What's up?"
"Ummm... you wanna meet somewhere for a drink?"
There was silence for a few seconds.
"Trupti?"
"Yeah, I'm here. Where are you?"
"Upper west side"
"Okay. Meet me at 69th and Amsterdam in 20 minutes."
--
Half an hour later, we're sitting at a corner booth in a bar-and-grill. Trupti enthusiastically sipping on her long island ice tea. Me, sipping on a diet coke. I have had a few drinks socially in the past at work events, mostly red wine, but that was only to not stick out from the crowd. I never really enjoyed drinking. Dad always said that alcohol is the gateway to hard drugs and a wasted life. So even as Trupti is relishing her booze, I decide to stick to diet coke.
"I think I left my keys at the hotel in Baltimore. Or maybe I dropped them in the bus." I tell her.
"Hmmm... so you're locked out of your own apartment?" she asks.
"Yeah."
"And your biggest worry is...will you be in time for work tomorrow, right? For your Wall Street job?" Trupti asks.
I only smile sheepishly in response.
"So, do you have a nice Indian guy you're gonna marry? Someone your parents chose for you?" she asks, completely changing the subject.
"My parents are dead." I say. I don't add that if they were alive, yes, I would probably have married a guy they chose.
"That is so COOL!! So are mine!" she says, excited, as if we both just found out we belonged to the same sorority.She raises her hand for a high five.
"I wouldn't say it's cool."
"Oh come on. I mean yeah, it sucks that they died. But didn't their death free you?"
"Free me?"
"Yes, free you. From their value system. Their rules. Their expectations. Their emotional shackles. I know it did for me. When I was growing up in India..."
"You grew up in India?" I ask, surprised.
"Yeah. You think just because I don't have a fobby accent, I was born in the US? I came to the US after college, just like you." she says.
"Wow, I had no idea." How can someone sound so elegant even after growing up in India? I still struggle differentiating my V's and W's.
"We're very alike, you and me. In a lot of ways. Both weighed down by what our parents think is right and wrong. Forced to live by an outdated code in a changing world. Except that I have started abandoning the code. You, braided hair, are clearly sticking to it."
"That's not entirely true, Trupti. I mean I..." I protest.
"Let me ask you this. When was the last time you got laid?" Trupti asks, finishing her drink and beckoning for another one.
"Excuse me?" I say, looking scandalized.
"You know what I am asking you. When was the last time you got a man between your legs? Had your clit played with? Got your cunt plowed? Had sex? Got laid?" Trupti asks as the waitress comes with her drink. The waitress shoots me a puzzled look, and walks away.
"That's personal." I say, looking offended.
"That pretty much answers the question." Trupti says.
I say nothing. Trupti starts laughing. She then changes the subject to something less offensive and we start talking again.
That's how Trupti operates in conversations with me. Switching rapidly between being a sympathetic listener and an arrogant bitch putting me down and ridiculing me. Is it any surprise we ended up like we did, knife threats followed by fingering?
---
Two hours later, Trupti and I are in an alley behind the bar. She, five drinks down and visibly drunk, is smoking a cigarette. I am standing next to her with my luggage.
"Yes, you can." she says.
"Excuse me?" I ask.
"Yes, you can stay with me tonight. That's why you called me, right? You wanted a place to stay for the night and you have no friends except for someone you just met on a bus?"
"Trupti! No, I mean..." I start stringing together words of protest in vain.
"Come on. It's okay. You can stay with me. Us Indian women need to have each other's back."
"Are you sure?" I ask.
"Yeah, come on. Maybe I could even teach you a thing or two."
Trupti says and starts walking west along the alley. I follow her with my luggage. We walk two blocks to a dark secluded area and she stops. There are two homeless guys across the street from us, drinking something out of a paper bag and talking in whispers. She looks at them and says,
"But there is one condition for you to live with me. I want you to do something for me."
"Okay?" I ask, putting my purse on top of my suitcase.
"I want you to tear off my clothes. Strip me naked."
"What???" I say so loudly that the homeless guys start staring at us.
"You heard me. I will put my coat here." She keeps her long coat on my luggage and said, "You, tear off my clothes. Strip me naked."
"Why???"
"Have you ever been naked outdoors?" Trupti asks.
"No...have you?" I ask, curiously.
"No, but I have always fantasized about it. I'd never have the nerve to do it myself. So you need to do it for me."
"Trupti, I don't know if I..."
"Oh come on. Don't be such an old maid." Trupti says and shoves me hard. I stumble a little.
"I am not being..."
"Yes, you are. Okay. here's an idea to motivate you. Either you tear off my clothes, or I will tear yours off." Trupti says, advancing towards me.
"What????"
"Yes, strip me naked. Right in front of these two homeless guys. Or I do it to you." Trupti says, breathing heavily.
"Okay...I don't want to do this, Trupti. I think I'll just go to a hotel." I say, backing away.
"Too late!" Trupti says and lunges towards me.
I gasp in shock as I feel Trupti's arms wrapped around me, pushing me to the ground. She starts tugging at my shirt, exposing my stomach. I fight back, and she breathlessly says,
"All you have to do is, take off my clothes."
I try resisting her, but she is overpowering me. I finally decide to just do what she wants. It is her wish after all. Trupti is still wearing the tank top and the mini-skirt. I reach for the neck of her tank top with my flailing arms and pull hard. There is a loud ripping sound as the flimsy tank top tears down the front, revealing that she isn't wearing a bra. Trupti's big tits, almost exactly as big as mine, break free and are visible to me and to the homeless guys.
"Good, very good." she says. And then yanks at my shirt really hard. I hear its buttons pop and soon, it is in her hands. I am lying there on the pavement just in my bra.
"Trupti, you're crazy!" I say, trying to push her off, and simultaneously trying to hide my nearly naked boobs.
From the corner of my eye, I see the two homeless guys approaching us. They are staring at the spectacle in surprise and delight. Two topless women, wrestling on the pavement.
"She's crazy." one of them says to the other.
"Yes, she is." I say, doing my best to fight Trupti off, and they smile.
"Hot bod on her though. Are we gonna get some tonight, you think?" the other guy says.
"Damn, look at them titties! She is stacked!"
Trupti, still pinning me down, smiles at them and winks.
"Now, take my skirt and panties off before I get you naked." Trupti says, and starts tugging at my pants.
"Me?" one of the homeless guys asks, excited.
"Not you!" Trupti says derisively, looks at me and repeats what she said.
"Trupti, please, stop." I shriek. The homeless guys are now just a couple of feet from us. And staring in delight but still looking nervous.
"I'll only stop when I am naked." Trupti says and keeps tugging at my pants.
I finally decide to play her game. Put my fingers in the waistband of her skirt and yank hard. It comes apart without any resistance, and Trupti is now fully naked except for her panties.
"Good job. Now the panties. Get them off before I get you naked."
The homeless guys, both of them kinda old, are now standing right over us, staring in amazement. I am very conscious of the fact that they are staring at my boobs along with Trupti's shapely body. I know that if I don't do what she's asked me to, they will be staring at my naked body before hers. That is motivation enough.
I yank at her panties. They slide down her thighs, exposing her trimmed pubic hair.
"Good going." Trupti breathlessly says, resisting my attempts nevertheless. Is this woman bipolar, I wonder. Says she wants me to strip her naked but keeps fighting it.
A minute more and her panties are in my hand. Both of us are breathless. Trupti, bare-ass naked, sitting on the pavement laughing. Me, topless, with her panties in my hand.
I am about to reach for my coat to cover myself up, when I hear Trupti say,
"You guys like what you see?"
I turn around and see Trupti talking to the two homeless guys. The two nod. She gets up, still naked, and touches each of their bearded cheeks with her hands. Her hands then go down to their crotches which are bulging visibly.
"Trupti, what are you doing?" I say, putting my coat on cover my nakedness. but she ignores me.
"Both you guys are getting blowjobs tonight. How does that sound?" she says. The two men make guttural sounds of approval. "But just blowjobs. You try anything else and I'll scream so loud, Commissioner O'Neill will come running."
"Deal, miss."
Trupti then reaches into their pants with either hand and takes out their dicks. The dicks look hairy and dirty, but very very erect. I watch in fascination as she gets on her knees, takes one of the dicks in her mouth and starts sucking hungrily.
"It tastes so awful. But it feels good." Trupti says, looking at me. "Want a taste?"
"I don't roll that way." the other guy says.
"I wasn't asking you." she says, looking at me.
I shake my head. The men thankfully are now ignoring my presence altogether, focusing their attention on Trupti. Both of them are playing with one boob each as she continues to suck their dicks one by one. I try to look away, but I cannot. Here is a beautiful young woman, fully naked, in the back alleys of New York City, sucking the dicks of two old filthy homeless men.
As grotesquely erotic as the sight looks, it does not last too long. Both the men come very soon, spraying their jizz all over Trupti's big boobs. One of them then reached for her ass, but Trupti thankfully slaps his hand away, reminding him of their deal. She meticulously licks their dicks clean, and then gets up. And walks away, leaving their spent dicks hanging. Walks past me, picks up her coat and puts it on, covering her nakedness.
"Alright, let's get going." she says to me and starts walking.
I stare at her for a few seconds, unsure of whether to go with her. But then I start following her. Despite myself, I had enjoyed the perverted scene that had just unfolded in front of me, and I am curious to see what would happen next if I stick around with her.