It was a hot and humid September day on the Delmarva peninsula. Rose was up early to let the dog out into their fenced back yard. She returned to the bedroom to cuddle with her husband Paul and seemed a little flustered.
"Something wrong?" Paul asked.
"Paul, don't get mad, but Jason just saw my bare tits," she said with a bit of a sly grin.
His cock twitched as he asked, "How did that happen?"
"Sorry Babe, I forgot I didn't have much on for clothes when I let Fezzik out. It's only 6 am. Jason must have gotten an early start in the yard this morning, cause he was in his backyard and caught me topless."
Jason had been their next door neighbor for about six months. Jason and Paul became good friends immediately. He's about 5 years younger than Paul and was divorced before he moved here.
"That lucky bastard got to see your perfect tits?" Paul rolled on top of his beautiful wife hoping for some morning nookie.
"Well, well, well, does the thought of Jason seeing my tits excite you?" Rose had a wide grin on her face.
"Apparently," he said, while his stiff cock was mashed between their bodies. He reached down to feel his wife's pussy and found it quite wet. "I don't think I'm the only one." Paul sank two fingers into Rose. She was surprised by the sudden invasion and let out a loud gasp.
"Maybe I'm an exhibitionist after all," she said as she began to breath erratically. She reached down to grasp Paul's cock. "I want your cock inside me." She began stroking his hard member. "Come on Babe, fuck me." Paul slowly replaced his fingers with his raging hard-on. He began fucking her slowly at first then began pumping aggressively, pounding her hot, wet pussy.
"Oh gawd!! Fuck me babe!! You like when Jason sees my tits? Come on babe, fuck me harder!! Our hot young neighbor just saw my sexy tits!!" Her words drove Paul crazy as he started to gush cum into his sexy wife. The sensation of his cum shooting into her made Rose climax as well. After a few minutes to regain their composure, Rose said, "Damn, that was hot, Babe. I guess we pushed one of your pervy buttons."
"I guess so, that was a blast. So tomorrow is Sunday, I'll bet Jason will be working in the yard again. You should let the dog out again, but this time do it naked. And I can watch from the kitchen," Paul said.
"Are you fucking serious? I don't know, babe, it's not nice to tease him like that. Besides, I have a little modesty you know."
"Since when are you that modest? Your bikinis show off almost the same amount as being naked. It will just be a little spank bank material for him."
"Mmm, you mean our sexy friend is going to jerk off to the thought of my body? That's pretty hot I guess. Ok, I'll see if I have the balls to do it."
—————————
Paul had been awake two hours before the agreed upon time to get up, which was 6 am. His cock was hard as nails. Then he heard some noise from Jason's yard which sent a pulse of adrenaline through his veins. His stomach flipped a couple times. He couldn't wait, he shoved Rose to wake her up.
"What?" She rolled over with her eyes squinting and added in her still half asleep voice, "The alarm hasn't even gone off yet!! Oh my God, you can't wait anymore? Fine, I'll go let the dog out as soon as I fix my hair."
When she came out of the bathroom Paul was shaking in anticipation. She looked somehow sexier than he had ever seen her. She had been sleeping topless once again but still had her panties on. Fezzik was jumping around the room, excited to go out.
Rose said, "Just a second, Fezzik. I'm almost ready. Are you ready perv boy?"
"Totally!! But aren't you a little overdressed," he said with a wide grin. She rolled her eyes at Paul and slid her panties off in a quick motion.
As he walked up and gave her a kiss, she put her panties in his hand. "I bet you want these."
He held them to his nose and headed down the stairs like a kid on Christmas but with tented boxers. He went to the kitchen where he would be able to see Jason's back yard as well as his naked wife at the slider. "There he is in his back yard,"
Paul exclaimed.
Five feet before Rose got to the door, she said, "Are you sure about this?"
"Fuck yes!! My adrenaline is pumping and my cock is erect. Go for it, Babe!"
He watched her slowly approach the door where Fezzik had been whining. She opened the door to let him out and nonchalantly watched the dog as he ran to the opposite side of the yard from Jason. Paul turned just in time to see Jason's head swing around to see the dog run out. Then his eyes widened as he took in the sight of Paul's sexy naked wife. Jason could look at her uninterrupted since she was purposely looking the other direction.
Paul was enjoying the look on his face but wanted a little more. "Babe, slowly turn toward him and try to make eye contact." She didn't object and did as Paul said. At first Jason tried to look away like he didn't see but Rose had balls enough to maintain her gaze until Jason looked back. They looked at each other for several seconds that felt like an hour. Rose improvised a shy little wave good morning to him then turned and entered the house with Fezzik coming in behind her. Jason still had his shocked look and hand up to wave for a moment after.
He wasn't shocked by how sexy Rose looked naked. He had been checking out her body since he moved here. She has pert yet bouncy little c-cup tits that he now knows have cute little brown nipples that were poking out proudly this morning. Her little shaved pussy was hot as hell. With the new mental image firmly entrenched in his memory, Jason had to head inside to spend a little time with his boner.
Once the door closed, Paul started to laugh nervously. He had Rose's panties up to his face and his cock was in his hand. "Let's go back upstairs." Rose followed him looking flushed. It had been an arousing thrill so they got back in bed to play. Paul peeked out the window but didn't see Jason anywhere. "Aha, spank bank first withdrawal. That was so fucking hot, Babe."
He turned to see her face was flushed and her eyes were glazed over. He knew right now he could have his way with her. "Stroke my cock a little?"
In a monotoned voice as if in a trance, Rose said, "Stroke your cock? Sure." She stroked his now exposed and erect cock. He sat on the bed and began fondling his wife's breasts and tweaked her nipples. This seemed to bring her from dreamland to lustland. She noticed that she was stroking his cock, and decided to dive on it with her mouth. Paul could tell she had lost control of her desires.
She sucked his cock ravenously. She even tried to deep throat Paul's average sized dick which she had been trying to learn. This time was different, she was forcing his cock down. For the first time she got past the choking and put his cock down her esophagus. 'What a feeling', Paul thought. "Rose, I'm gunna cum!!" He didn't want to stop at just a blow job but this was a championship caliber BJ. "Rose, I-I'M CUMMING!! OH uhh! Oh fuck that's good. That is gooood, yup that's really goooood." He finally stopped cumming buckets. Rose opened her mouth so Paul could see the last remnant of his cum he had injected into her mouth. She closed her mouth and made an obvious swallowing sound, then smiled wickedly.
She was still in a daze of pure lust when Paul pulled her legs over the side of the bed and pulled her knees apart. As he started to kneel in front of her heat, he said, "Did you look him in the eyes while you were naked?"
"Ahuh, it made me so wet." He pushed his tongue into her wet lips, she moaned and laid back on the bed. Paul plunged his tongue into her hole, she squealed. Paul teased, nibbled, and licked at her delicious labia, she moaned and whined. By the time he made it to her clit, she was thrashing and gasping. "Please!! Lick my hot clit!! OHHH, FUCK!! I've got to CUM, Babe!!" She squirmed and bucked as Paul sucked her clit into his mouth. He slid two fingers into her hot hole with plans to finish her off.
"OOHH MY GOD, I'm cumming!!" Rose trembled in an orgasm that was started and intensified by her naughty exploits earlier. She couldn't let Paul know what she was thinking. Paul held Rose lovingly while she came down from her powerful orgasm.
"I guess I'm not the only one who has pervy buttons to push. That seems to have brought forth a very naughty side of you," Paul giggled like a girl. His brain was already trying to come up with a plan for the next step of this erotic adventure. He wondered if Rose remembered his fantasy about her fucking another man. Paul hoped this could start the process.
————————————
It was 2 pm, the Ravens game was on and Jason hadn't even been over to Paul's house yet. Paul thought he might be a little embarrassed by what had happened. Paul finally picked up his phone and texted Jason.
Paul:Hey Bro, what's up? You still coming over for dinner?"
Jason:Yeah man, I need to talk to you though
Paul:OK, dinner is at 5 pm but you can show up whenever
Paul and Rose loved to cook together. Sunday dinner was always an important meal for them. It would be planned out on Monday and Tuesday. Then groceries on Wednesday. Saturday was prep, they would prep anything they could and usually made the dessert Saturday as well. On Sunday it was football till around 4 pm. Then they would start cooking. But they liked to be primed first. Football already had them drinking. Then before starting to cook, they would smoke a joint. The final piece each week is the decision on what vinyl to spin while cooking. They took turns each week choosing the tunes to cook to.
With a buzz and some tunes they bounced around the kitchen working as a team. The weed made put them in sync with each other. It was beautiful. This weeks selection was picked by Paul, "Blind Faith."
"Ok, I already know next week's music selection, I'm going with 'Traffic', 'Low spark of high healed boys'. It just makes sense." Rose smiled and turned to the door as it opened, Jason had arrived. She felt a twinge of embarrassment thinking about this morning. She quickly averted her eyes focusing back to dinner.
"Hey guys, whats on the menu tonight besides 'Blind Faith'?" Jason noticed the tense atmosphere but tried to keep things light. "By the way, when do I get to pick the music to cook by?"
Everyone laughed which eased the tension in the air. "You may never get to pick. I can't wait three weeks to get my way. You can try to get Rose to take a request. The menu is Coq au vin with some scalloped potatoes and creme brulee for desert. Rose and Jason looked at each other awkwardly then broke their gaze.
"Honey, I'm going in the living room for a minute with Jason can you handle this?" Paul said.
"Yeah, listen for the smoke alarm though."
Paul led Jason out of the kitchen while Rose continued clanging pans and "Had to cry today" started playing.
"Listen, let me ask you something. I need you to help me out." Paul had a vision and it involved Jason. "So you got a nice view of my wife's body."
"Dude, I'm sorry, that's what I wanted to talk about. I feel bad about that," Jason smirked.
"Stop it!! You're a fucking dude. Of course you had to look. She's fucking hot too, isn't she?"
"Well, yes she is. I'd do her." Jason said, smirking like a frat boy.
"Listen, that's exactly what I need to discuss. Rose and I have been married for 10 years. Sex is very good still, but I think it could be better. I have expressed interest to Rose about a fantasy of mine. I want to see her have sex with another man." Jason began to interupt but Paul put his hand up.
"Dude, please, let me get this all out first then you can say what you want. She looks at it like some fantasy that will never happen and that's unacceptable. I need your help making this happen. So the first question is, would you like to fuck my wife?"
"Whoa!! I'm shocked. Give me a second." Jason looked like he was deep in reflection.
He thought about the most diplomatic way to tell his friend he most certainly will fuck Rose. "First of all, like you said, I'm a guy, so of course I would love to fuck Rose. I've been single for over 6 months with no females in my life. And yes, Rose is super hot. My concerns are as follows. First, you are my friend and I don't want to screw that up. Sunday dinners are what gets me through the week. Second is your marriage. If I was responsible for some sort of damage to your marriage I would feel like shit forever." Jason sat back on the couch as Rose called out to them that dinner was ready. He didn't actually have any of these "concerns", Jason was just trying to grease the gears and help Paul continue down this dangerous road.
Paul grimaced. "I hear ya, we can talk more later. Let's go eat."
Dinner started off quiet while everyone was enjoying the chicken. Paul noticed a couple of uncomfortable looks between Jason and Rose. "So Jason, I heard you saw my wife's tits," Paul said with a big smile. Jason and Rose both almost spit out the food in their mouth.
"Asshole, yes I did, and I'm not apologizing, it was her own fault." But now he looked confidently at her eyes. Rose looked at Jason and smiled widely back. "I'm sure it was an accident, besides it's just natural, no big deal, they're just breasts."
Rose avoided the obvious omition of today's fully naked exposure that was not an accident. Rose and Jason had looked at each other for a 4 second eternity. Rose was turned on by the thought of this morning. She has also admitted to Paul that she thinks Jason is hot. That didn't mean she was going to try to fuck him but he is young and in great shape.
When dinner was over, they cleared the table and Rose volunteered to load the dishes. Meanwhile, Jason and Paul spoke again on the deck after some tokes from a bowl. "Listen, I have a plan. I don't want you to answer until tomorrow so you can think about it. I want you to seduce my wife. I want her to think I don't know what's happening. If you can get her to fuck you, she will tell me afterward. It would be so much better if I wasn't coaxing her to do it. I think you want to do it and I want you to do it. I'm convinced that Rose will want it too."
"Fuck man, my cock is getting hard just from imagining it. I don't know, let me take the time to think it over. It seems weird and the way you want it to happen is even more screwed up. She's going to think I'm a shitty friend." Jason had already made up his mind. He just needed to play it cool.
"I know, but I'll fess up about my plan afterward. Who knows, you might not be able to get in her pants anyway."
"Woah, that sounds like a challenge, haha. You know what? I'm gunna start the process tonight while I'm still considering it. If I decide to call it off, no harm done."
Rose came out to the deck after cleaning up the kitchen. "So you stop talking as soon as I show up? Guess you were talking about me."
Jason jumped right in before Paul could start. "You know it, I was just telling Paul how hot I think you are." He smiled broadly as Rose turned all shades of red.
"You're such a dick. I'll bet you ran inside and jerked off after you saw me naked," she said grinning back. She turned to look at Paul who already could see signs of arousal in her eyes.
Jason quickly responded, "You know I did, I haven't been with a woman in over six months." The second part was a lie.
Rose contemplated for a moment, looked at Jason, and said, "I find it hard to believe a studly guy like you can't get laid."
"Between the break up and work, I haven't had the time or emotional stability to think about dating yet." Jason looked sincere, he didn't look like he was joking anymore. He looked pretty sad actually. Jason thought to himself he should have been an actor.
"Jason, I'm sorry. I know you're still hurting. I wish I could help."
Jason replied, slipping back into a joking voice, "Oh, you could definitely help." He smiled again.
"You wish, big guy."
"That's right, I am the big guy!" He winked at Rose and she blushed.
Paul was deviously trying to help Rose along with her flirty conversation. "Honey, aren't you always telling me how you wish I was a big guy?"
Rose gasped and then laughed nervously. After some less exciting conversation the night ended. Some ground work had been laid out tonight. Jason still hadn't answered for sure that he would try his best friend's plan. Paul was excited by the spicy overtones of the night. He hoped his friend would decide to go forward. Once again the couple fucked like animals due to the excitement of the evening.
————————
On Tuesday, Paul and Jason went out to play pool and have some beers. Jason asked, "Why are you sucking so bad tonight? You're missing more shots than you're making."
Paul knew what was wrong. His mind was somewhere else. "So have you made your decision yet? I need to know, this is killing me."
"Alright, I get it, you can't wait anymore. I guess I'll do it but with a few caveats. I want the option to stop at any time without you being pissed off about it. I also want you to admit the truth to Rose if things go wrong. I'm very worried about what could go wrong but the prospect of having sex with that hot wife of yours is just too good to pass up." Jason was laying it on thick with his "concerns."
"Trust me when I say I'm pretty nervous myself but the payoff is too lucrative. I can't fucking wait. So you should come over on Saturday and Sunday all day. I can make up a reason. That should give you some time to work your magic," Paul said with a nervous smile.
————————
Paul warned Rose on Friday night that Jason was coming over Saturday morning to help him fix the jets on the hot tub. They weren't actually broken but it was a good excuse to bring Jason over. Saturday morning Rose was making breakfast wearing what Paul considered to be a pretty revealing outfit. He didn't complain, of course, he was just surprised to see her in a t-shirt with no bra and a pair of pajama shorts. He was curious if she planned to change. Maybe she just wanted to continue teasing Jason though. Either way it got Paul hard thinking about it. "Jason should be here soon," Paul said nonchalantly to see if she ran off to change. He was pleasantly surprised to see her stay put.
"We should have had him come for breakfast. I'll keep some warm till he gets here in case he's hungry." She wrapped a plate up in foil and threw it in the oven. Paul couldn't help noticing how hot her ass looked in those thin shorts. He was willing to bet she didn't have panties on. He was imagining Jason slipping her clothes off and fucking her right in front of him.
Jason showed up a few minutes later with some tools that he dropped outside. He strolled in looking like he just woke up. Rose asked, "Have you eaten? I saved a plate for you."
"Actually, I'm starving but I was late so I skipped eating."
Rose opened the oven again and bent over to pull out the food. After ogling her ass, Jason and Paul looked at each other and smiled. Rose caught the smiles knowing what it was about. 'Pervs,' she thought.
"How bout some coffee with that?" She poured it without an answer knowing it would be yes. "So I didn't know the jets were broken. What do you have to do?" she asked.
Paul fielded the question, "First we have to see if there's an obstruction in the impeller. Then check to see if the motor is working. That's probably all we can do today. If I need parts we can finish tomorrow." It started to become more of a party than a mission to fix the hot tub. All three of them were drinking pretty freely. The boys knew the plan so they stocked up on beer, wine, and liquor for the weekend. The boys also convinced Rose to get started with some red wine.
Rose made a delicious lunch for them just after noon, then the boys got back to work.
"I have a great idea, just go along with me," Paul said. Paul looked over at Rose while she was sweeping the deck and had a devious grin. He pulled a water line off of the hot tub and as it started gushing out he yelled, "ROSE!!! Come over here, we need you quick!!!" Rose ran over quickly and Paul said in a frantic tone, "Get in the hot tub and plug the holes, QUICK!!!" Rose made a quick excited squeel under the pressure of the moment, but she was in the water and started to put her finger in a jet hole. Then Paul said, "Put a finger in that one too!" Rose, still complying, plugged another hole with her other finger. She was now neck deep in the tub in a T-shirt with no bra and thin pajama shorts with no panties. And at the moment she thinks she needs to stay in place. Paul hooked the water line back up and told Rose to hold on.
Paul had another idea. "Alright Babe, I'm gunna get you out of there." His next direction to Jason was to get in the hot tub to replace Rose's fingers with his. So Jason got in and Paul had him get right behind Rose. "Now quickly switch fingers." They did and Jason made it out to be a big deal so that when they switched, his crotch got all snuggled up in her ass in the commotion. Then when they switched the other finger he pushed in even closer. Still directing, Paul said, "Ok Babe, now just wiggle yourself out of there." Paul thought this would be priceless. Rose first thought she could slip under his arms. When she tried, her very visible tits wouldn't go under, mostly because Jason kept his arms down. This caused her tits to be smashed on his arm and her crotch to be rubbing on his leg. The attempt was thwarted by Jason finessing his body to make it hard on Rose. Jason's cock had been hard the whole time but Rose didn't find out until she inadvertently put her hand down on it. 'That's a pretty big cock,' she thought. It gave her a sexual charge along with her current appearance.
The only way out for Rose now was to climb out of the tub from here over the seat. With Paul looking on and Jason inches from her body, she slowly rose from the water. First her wet T-shirt covered tits came out of the water directly in front of his eyes, and then her taught belly, and finally her soaking wet pussy. Not only was the thin, conforming material over her pussy wet and showing off her folds, but her pussy was now quite wet on the inside. She lifted herself into a seated position on the deck at the side of the tub. "There, how's that?"
With his eyes planted at the crotch just inches away from his face, Jason responded, "Just perfect from where I'm sitting."
Rose turned all shades of red. She made herself even more aroused because she had purposely given Jason a sweet show. Paul, as per usual, had a rock hard boner from watching the sexually charged episode.
Rose stood up and said, "I guess I should go change."
Jason and Paul, almost synchronously, and a little too adamantly said, "NO!" Then to be a little less obvious Paul added, "What I mean is," he cleared his throat, "it's pretty warm out this afternoon. Air drying will keep you cooler." Paul was sure Rose had already caught on to his tactics. But she seemed more than a little turned on by it.
The boys finished making it look like they were fixing the hot tub. For Rose's ears, Paul said to Jason, "Looks like we fixed it." Now we can relax in this baby tomorrow after I clean and refill it. Are you coming over for the game?"
"I'll be here," Jason replied.
"Then we will see you tomorrow for the Ravens game, 1 pm. You can help cook if you want." Paul winked at Jason. It was becoming a ritual to get all worked up by Jason and then go fuck like animals. Paul wasn't complaining. His wife was insatiable lately. Rose was thankful Paul couldn't read minds.
———————
The traditional fall Sunday had started with football, beer, snacks, and Rose wearing too much clothes. Paul wondered if she felt like she had been teasing too much, maybe being too slutty. Paul had plans to loosen her up for Jason. Jason arrived sporting a white mesh muscle shirt and his neon green board shorts plus flip flops.
As was traditional, they drank beer and wine for the game. Paul and Rose wore their favorite player's purple Raven's jerseys. When the game ended, the music went on and the cooking started. They had already smoked themselves a J. Paul started to push shots of JD on the others. What Jason and Rose didn't know is that Paul was only drinking shots of flat soda. He had this planned ahead of time and so he began feeding them JD while he had soda in a shot glass.
Dinner came out perfect as usual. Fish tacos as the main course made with grilled sea bass and grilled corn on the cob. Gazpacho was served as an appetizer and homemade flan was desert. The three sat digesting and relaxing. Paul said, "I topped off the water in the hot tub and got it back up to temperature this morning, so it should be all set to go. Nice evening for it since it's getting a little cooler out." After some chit chat and compliments on the food, they decided to get into the tub to try out the jets and relax.
Paul began the part of his plan where he fakes being drunk. Rose changed into a white string bikini that accentuated her perfect breasts and tight ass. Paul made sure Rose saw him wobble when he got up and made sure to slur some words. Jason and Rose, on the other hand, didn't need
to act, they were getting pretty hammered.
Paul went back in the house while Jason and Rose got into the tub across from each other. Paul came out a minute later totally nude. Rose's face mirrored her shock, "What are you doing?"
Paul smirked, "It's a hot tub, clothing is optional as far as I know." He had to keep himself flacid for another minute. "Are you guys wearing something?"
Jason quickly responded, "Not anymore!!," as he tossed his shorts on the deck. Then he added, "That just leaves you, Rose, and we've both seen you naked so..."
Rose was quite bold when drunk and the jets would hide her modesty anyway. So she pulled the bows on her top and flung it into Paul's face. He had to get in now since his cock was growing. He sat in the seat next to Rose and helped her remove her bottoms. "There we go, nice and comfy," Paul said, as he giggled a little to reinforce his illusion of drunkenness. "Your turn to get the next round, Jason," Paul said with a cheese eatin grin on his face.
Paul wanted to watch Rose as Jason got out of the tub, but didn't want his watching to deter her from looking. Instead Paul looked toward the house as Jason slowly rose with his muscular ass coming out of the water. Paul waited until the last second to glance over at Rose and saw her looking lustfully at his ass. But before heading into the house, Jason swung around to ask Rose, "Do you want wine or another shot?"
Rose had no choice but to be looking right at his big cock. She let out an involuntary squeak at the vision.
Paul was impressed. He had never seen Jasons cock before. It was not just impressively large but, in Paul's opinion, it was very straight and good looking. Paul wished he had a cock that looked like Jason's."
Rose saw the cock and Jason smiling waiting for an answer. She forgot the question. "Uuuhh, what?"
"Wine?" Jason stood fast with his beautiful cock hanging there until she could answer.
"Yes, thanks," she said as if she was miles away. Paul thought she might be getting really wet now seeing a cock, being naked, and being drunk.
While Jason grabbed the drinks, Paul snuggled into Rose and rubbed her pussy under water. She had her head on his shoulder. He heard an exhale on his neck that signaled she was getting even more excited. Jason was coming back with the drinks while Paul continued to stroke Rose's pussy. Rose got another full frontal view of Jason as he slowly moved back into the tub. Jason passed the drinks around but Paul wasn't worried about having a shot now. He wasn't even buzzed. Paul and Jason threw back their shots. Paul started really pouring on the drunk act after the last shot. It was starting to get late and he wanted to get things rolling. He knew Rose was sexually primed and now the plan was to remove himself.
"Guys, I'm sorry," he said slurring, "I think I have to go pass out, I'm fucking wasted."
Rose looked a bit nervous. "Do you want me to come up with you?" but she didn't move.
Paul made a drunk face at her and said, "Nope, I'm good if I can just get up the stairs without killing myself." He left them and made a show of stumbling up the stairs to the bedroom. The master bedroom is on the second floor in the front of the house which is the opposite side from the back yard and hot tub. The guest bedroom which has been the junk storage room looks into the back yard. Paul had to prep this room ahead of time so there was a path and clear space at the window. He also opened the window this morning. Everything was ready.
Paul went to the bedroom first to pull down the bedding. He remained naked however. Then he headed over to the guest room and silently moved close to the window. He heard Rose giggle. He knew the chances were very slim that either of them would look up to this window and even then they would have a hard time seeing him in the dark.
"I should go make sure Paul is ok. I'll be right back." She lifted herself out of the tub totally nude then turned around to face Jason as he had to her earlier. "You need another drink?" She waited for an answer.
Jason said, "Uhhhh, what?" as he took in the beautiful body in front of him.
Rose laughed hard and said, "Beer?"
"Oh, yeah, sure," Jason said as he smiled but kept his gaze on Paul's gorgeous wife. She turned to head in the house where Paul had already run over to the bed to start his convincing performance of a man passed out. Rose walked in, turned on the light, and went to the bed. Her real reason for the visit became apparent when she began shoving Paul and in a loud voice saying, "Paul, wake up, the house is on fire!" Paul did his best impression of a dead person. When she was convinced he was out cold she said, "Oh Paul, what are you doing to me? You left me down there naked with our hot neighbor."
She turned to leave and shut off the light. Once Paul heard Rose plodding down the stairs, he quickly jumped out of bed and stealthily headed back to the spare bedroom. He looked down to see Jason alone in the tub moving his arm like he was stroking his cock under the bubbles. A minute later Rose emerged still totally naked and carrying a wine and a beer. She slowly stepped into the water with no more bashfulness left in her. She handed Jason the beer and sat right next to him. Jason reached over to the controls and shut off the jets.
"Why'd you do that?" Rose asked.
"I want to be able to see your sexy body," he responded as he stared down at her tits. With the jets off and the bright lights of the hot tub on, Paul could see every detail. The first thing to draw his attention was the fully erect, large, perfectly shaped cock that Jason was holding with his left hand. As he focussed back to Rose, two things stood out. The angle of her head and eyes showed that she was intently staring directly at Jason's cock. The second was that her nipples were standing at full attention, there was no doubt she was fully aroused now.
Jason smirked and said, "You have such cute nipples," as he lightly flicked the closest one. Rose hadn't expected it and let out a quick gasp. She turned a nice shade of pink.
"You shouldn't do that. Paul is right upstairs," she said in an unconvincing voice.
Paul was now stroking his own cock. His nerves were on edge and adrenalin was pumping at every turn. He knew that a point may come where he would need to decide if he should end this. His excitement already had him leaning towards letting anything happen.
Rose felt a surge of adrenalin as well. What was happening? Could she stop herself from the advances that Jason was making. She had been fantasizing about him since he moved in. But since her exhibitions of late, her fantasies have become uncontrollable. If she was alone she masterbated thinking of Jason. If she was having sex with her husband, in her mind it was Jason. But now, after seeing his gorgeous cock next to her, she thought she wouldn't be able to resist.
Jason was good at seducing women. He did it often. That's partly why he's not married anymore. He had cheated on his wife constantly, then she was gone. Neither Paul nor Rose knew this.
"It seems like my cock is interesting to you," he said as Rose's eyes came up from looking at it to look in his eyes. She was a little embarrassed but more excited. His eyes stayed locked on hers. They both felt a jolt of excitement in their loins. "You can touch it." Rose grew a nervous half smile but couldn't respond.
Jason knew if he could stimulate her just a little more she would slip over the edge. He slowly reached over to Rose's breast again. This time his hand cupped her breast and squeezed her nipple between two fingers. Rose did not complain. He started to swirl his thumb around her erect nipple and was rewarded with a deep sigh from Rose. His experience told him that he was home free now. He just had to continue making the right moves.
Rose was now flushed in the face and her eyes were glazed over. Paul's heart was pounding in his chest. Jason stood with his erection pointing straight out. "Go ahead, I know you want to hold it. It's no big deal, just hold it for a second."
Rose started to reach then paused. She knew it was wrong but justified her actions with Jason's explanation that it's no big deal. So she went ahead and put a hand on it with an exhale of resignation. Jason knew it was over, he would have her.
Paul was a bit shocked, excited, and a little mad at his wife, but this was what he wanted. He had to stop stroking or he would cum right now.
Jason sat down and without being asked Rose had started to stroke the wonderful cock in her hand. Jason said, "Use both hands."
Rose responded, "I can't reach."
"Sit up here on my legs." Rose got up and straddled his legs while facing him. She put both hands on his cock and stroked. Jason put his hands on her hips to keep her steady. As she stroked he pulled her hips gently so she got closer and closer. He began licking her nipples, pushing Rose into a lustful trance.
Paul could see that Rose was now pulled so close to Jason that she couldn't stroke anymore. Jason pulled one last time so that her pussy lips were resting on the base of his cock. He rocked his hips to create friction. The base of his cock was rubbing on her clit. Rose began to gasp. She had one hand on his knob when she leaned forward into a long passionate kiss. When Jason abruptly stopped moving, Rose began to move her hips up and down his shaft.
Paul could hear a growling moan escape Rose's lips. He was now shaking and just holding his cock. He could see Jason's perfect cock clearly below the surface of the water. As Rose glided up and down, it was clear she was heading toward an orgasm. Jason too was looking ready to squirt his cum into Paul's hot tub.
Rose had her hands squarely on Jason's shoulders while she pulled her hips away to keep from having an orgasm. Once she slid back against his cock, she again slid up and down, over and over, but each stroke was a little longer. Eventually her longest stroke reached the head of his cock. She stopped there and mashed against the head, girating her hips. Jason was breathing deeply but carefully, trying to keep from ejaculating too soon. She grabbed his meat and pushed the head up and down her slit, making her gasp each time it caressed her clit. Finally she pushed the head down far enough so it sat at her opening.
Paul held his breath as his beautiful wife Rose finally descended with the shaft making penetration. It looked incredible to see his wife succumbing to her overwhelming desire.
Rose had a burst of adrenaline as she felt many emotions, but mostly guilt and lust. She slowly lowered onto his cock, savoring the feeling of being expanded by a cock that was larger than she's ever had. She justified that her husband had made this scenario happen by being too drunk and leaving her naked with Jason. Once Rose hit bottom, she let out a loud feral grunt. Any nearby neighbors would certainly hear it on this quiet night.
Paul heard Rose's noise echoing in the dark back yard. He was now stroking furiously at the sight below. His nerves were shot as he watched his wife fuck another man. She looked so hot with a large cock in her.
Rose rose up and back down with patience that was evident by her continued loud cries and grunts. "Come on!! FUCK me!!," she yelled, imagining the neighbors listening to her slutty sounds. Anyone outside tonight would certainly hear her clearly being fucked.
Jason was pretty proud of himself for his ability to seduce another man's wife. Rose is a beautiful woman and now she was worshipping his cock. He wondered how he could keep Rose for himself.
Once Rose started on a medium speed rhythm, Jason started thrusting from below. They got a timing going to meet hips in the middle. Rose had never felt as good as she felt right now. She realized at that moment she would need this cock more than once.
"OH GOD!!! OH FUCK, that feels good! Fuck me HARDER!!" She knew that her voice could be heard all around the neighborhood. But the only person who mattered was passed out cold.
Jason stood Rose up and spun her around so she could kneel on the seat with her hands on the side. Jason wasted barely 2 seconds to get behind her and inside her pussy. He was taking full advantage of fucking her tonight since it might be the only time. He slammed deep into Rose now, as she was turning into a wild animal.
Paul could see the entire scene but it was the sounds that were driving him crazy. His hearing had become super sensative due to the surging adrenaline. Every moan and whimper from Rose gave Paul an electric jolt. Double slapping sounds of flesh on flesh was thigh on ass with a fainter secondary slap of balls on pussy. It wasn't hard to hear the guttural moans and loud grunts that Rose was projecting into the darkness in a rhythmic pattern consistent with the pounding of her pussy.
"OH FUCK, I'M CUMMING!!" Rose exclaimed, not concerned about screaming it to the whole neighborhood. She shook several convulsions then continued to receive a pounding from Jason who looked like he was nearing an orgasm. He grunted with each stroke while Rose felt the impacts begin to revive her build up to another orgasm. Jason said, "I'm going to fill your hot pussy with cum."
Rose yelled a bit too loudly, "Fuck yeah, fill me up with your hot cum, baby."
Paul came all over the floor of the spare bedroom when Rose had her orgasm. His cock was now back to fully erect. He had never seen anything so erotic in his life. Jealousy reared its ugly head for a moment. Paul thought this might have been a mistake. Rose was SO aroused, SO loud, and seemed to have no remorse thus far. Did he misjudge his wife? He knew she loved him and loved having sex with him but it looked like she liked having sex with Jason more. He hoped tomorrow would be a new day. Rose would confess, he would forgive her and tell her he did it on purpose so he could watch, then they would fuck like bunnies for weeks.
"OH SHIT, OH FUCK, I'm cumming again!! Don't stop, fuck me harder!! OH GAWD." Rose was cumming harder than she had in her life. Between the night air outside, the warm water, the big cock, and the hot cum inside her, she felt like the ultimate slut getting pounded hard and cumming over and over. She had a quick flash of Paul sleeping in his bed and just a slight twinge of guilt but this was totally worth it. In fact she was already starting to imagine doing this again. She was already thinking about how she could meet with Jason again to fuck. She remembered the conversation she had with Paul about her having sex with another man. If she told him what had happened he would get off on it. But then he'd know and maybe bring it to a stop after realizing he's jealous.
Jason rallied back to another huge erection a short minute after falling out. Rose turned around and jumped into Jason's arms. She grabbed his hard cock and guided it to her hole again while Jason held her up by her ass. She had never fucked this way before maybe since Jason is the first man that could hold her up this way. She moved her hips on his cock while Jason lifted and dropped her onto it.
Paul was on overload. He had never fucked his wife this well and it was beginning to really bother him.
"Come on baby, one more time. Give me that cum!" Rose began aggressively humping on Jason's cock trying to milk him dry. "Come on baby, let's cum together." For another 2 minutes they worked it hard. The moaning and grunts were coming to a peak then, "OOHH, YES, I'm cumming again," Rose yelled.
"Me too!!," Jason grunted while breathing hard. At the same moment, Paul came on the wall under the window. The lovers detached and fell back into the water, spent. Paul sat down, also spent. He looked at the scene below not believing what he just watched. It was more than he could have dreamed.
"I better get up to bed soon," Rose said with a concerned look. Paul jumped up and got back to bed.
Rose looked guilty when she told Jason, "This never happened, right?"
"The way I understand it is that you would be forgiven if you fessed up to Paul. Does this mean you are hoping to get together again?"
"Listen, he probably would forgive me. In fact he would probably be turned on by it, but it might also be the last time. I think I need this again." Rose stood up to get out of the tub.
"I think I could get used to this on a regular basis actually," Jason said winking at Rose as he picked up his clothes and started walking home.
Rose headed to bed after cleaning up a bit. Paul continued his performance of being passed out. When she was getting in bed he heard Rose sobbing and wanted to pull her to his chest and apologize for doing this to her, but he had to wait till tomorrow.
———————
Once again Paul was up early after the emotional night. He needed to get busy to keep his mind busy. He finished cleaning up the house and put on coffee. He also made a simple breakfast for them both since it was a work day. As he walked over to get some paprika Paul almost ran Rose over. She had come around the corner and when they were face to face unexpectedly, she flashed a brief guilty look before cutting through it to smile, give him a peck on the cheek and say "good morning."
Rose asked, "How are you up so early after being blitzed last night. I know I have a headache."
Paul nonchalantly said, "I took a couple aspirin and drank some OJ. That usually does it for me. What time did you come to bed?"
"Oh, I came up right after you but you were passed out already. It wasn't right to be alone with Jason while you were in bed."
Paul could feel the heat rising into his neck and the adrenaline rushing in his gut. She was going to lie to him about the whole thing. What could he do now? "You know it would have been ok with me if you stayed up with Jason for a while. He's our friend."
Rose thought for a moment. "You do realize that you left us there naked together, don't you? I know you were drunk, but was that really a good idea?"
"No, I suppose that's pushing the envelope a bit. I'm sorry for putting you in that position. But remember what I said a while back about watching you fuck another guy? I still think that would be a turn on, if you wanted to." Paul hoped this would give her good reason to confess.
"What if I did it behind your back, would you still be happy about it?"
"I wouldn't be happy because I want to watch but I would certainly forgive you the first time if you told me. Why, did something happen?" Paul looked at Rose intently but she looked away.
"No, of course not. I was just wondering about this whole fetish you have. Maybe someday we can explore that but for now I think we should stay faithful to our vows," Rose said with a straight face.
Paul was now internalizing his rage. He rationalized that he would give her the rest of the week to get up the guts to tell him the truth. The couple got ready and left for work. After work there was no discussion about the previous night.
On Tuesday, Paul reminded Rose that he and Jason would be fishing next Sunday since the Ravens have the bye week. He said they would make it home in time for a late dinner.
Two days later, Rose still hadn't said anything about Sunday. But she did have an unexpected surprise for Paul. "I decided to come fishing with you two on Sunday. I texted Jason and he said it was Ok. I just want to catch some rays and hang with the guys. Isn't that exciting?"
Paul thought it was not normal for Rose to want to go fishing. She had always said no in the past. "You're going to take some Dramamine then, right? I hope you don't get bored because once we get out there we aren't coming back till we're done."
On Saturday Jason and Paul got all the gear ready and loaded. They would be leaving by 4 am to have their gear stowed in the boat by 5 am and have the lines out by 6 am. Everyone went to bed early to be up so early.
Sunday morning they dressed, made a thermos of coffee and left. They remained on schedule and were leaving the harbor by 5:30 am. The boat is Jason's pride and joy. Paul thought he must have given up a lot in the divorce in order to keep it for himself. It was a 30 foot Pursuit 3000 offshore, perfect for hunting yellowfin tuna or any gamefish really.
Paul sent out the first lure behind the boat as they headed for the deeper water. He
placed the rod in the rod holder and sent out the second line on the starboard. The first beer of the day was at 6:30 am after the lines were set.
Jason said, "One more mile and we will be heading north. There's some chatter on the radio about yellowfin in that direction."
Meanwhile, Rose set up camp in the stern on a lounge seat to relax until it was warm enough to sunbathe.
By the time they made it to the area where the fish were reported they had caught one small yellowfin and had one that got off. The sun was shining bright and the air was warm. Rose was now laying out in her bikini although she often got up to "get a drink" and flirt with Jason.
Paul spent most of his time tending the poles in the stern. Jason made Paul practice his knots every trip just like Quint did to Brody in Jaws. Today he was practicing a surgeon's knot. It's a slip knot that doesn't unslip. Tying knots with 50 lb test fishing line can be tricky with its thickness.
The next time Rose went to the bow and was near Jason, Paul decided to go grab a beer and see what they were doing. As he started for the front of the boat he saw them open a beer and drop a pill into it.
Paul's hackles were fully raised. He bent down and crawled back to his seat with a new beer. He opened the beer and slid it behind a nearby bucket. Rose made her way towards Paul. "You ready for another beer, Babe?"
"Sure, thanks Babe," he said with a friendly smile as she bent over for a peck on the lips. Paul was proud of his new acting ability. Once Rose turned around, Paul switched beers and hucked the drugged one overboard. After she sat on the lounger looking Paul's direction, he took a long pull off his beer. In his mind he was going for a repeat of Sunday night. He was going to fake being passed out. He hoped that's what the drug was supposed to do. Then he would sit and see what happens.
Paul finished off his beer and stated to Rose, "Man, I'm starting to get tired already." He figured another 5 or 10 minutes and he should look to be out cold.
Jason's cock was hard already with anticipation of having Rose again. He was at the helm waiting for Rose to let him know that Paul was out.
Paul let his head slump back in his seat as he began his fake sleep. Rose gave it a few minutes before going over to check on him. "PAUL!! PAUL!!" She shoved his shoulder but got no response. Rose skipped to the helm and let Jason know that Paul was out. Jason's cock twitched hard and he had to adjust himself.
Jason cut the engine and strolled to the stern with Rose in tow. He quickly retrieved the lines that were being trolled and put the rods back in the holders. "He should be out for hours," he told her. "Wake up cuck!!," he yelled as he slapped Paul's face pretty hard. Paul kept his cool and kept up the facade.
Rose smiled widely, "We are gunna have fun." She promptly pulled off her bikini top, threw it on Paul's head and jumped into Jason's strong arms. She grabbed his cock through his shorts. "Someone wants out!," she exclaimed. Jason pulled off his shirt and her bikini bottoms while Rose undid his belt. Jason threw the pile of clothes on Paul as well. Rose impatiently whipped down his shorts and underwear as Jason's cock slapped her under her chin. "Oh my god, it's more beautiful than I remembered. I love this cock!!" She took his head into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the tip. "Mmmmmmmmmm," she started to aggressively suck up and down his shaft as far as she could go, then began taking some into her thoat.
She had worked on this with Paul and recently got his entire cock into her mouth. Rose worked a couple inches of Jason's cock into her throat. 'This is a work in progress', she thought. A flash of guilt hit her but remembering her last infidelity, she knew it would fade quickly. In fact her twat was now leaking down her legs bringing her attention to the lust she was experiencing now.
"I can't wait anymore, I need you inside me now," she moaned in the warm sunshine. "Fuck me, baby."
Paul was boiling inside. He wanted to jump up and beat the two of them to death. Still his cock was hard. It was good that some of their discarded clothes were in his lap. Rose turned from Jason and put her hands on Paul's shoulders, while Jason lined up behind her. Jason slowly pushed deep into her tight, hot twat. Rose yelled out, "Ohhh YEEEES, FUCK MEEEE!!!" Jason took his time, starting with a slow, intimate pace. He could feel every soft part of her beautiful pussy. Before long his male lust took over and he began pumping hard. The action of her being pounded from behind made Paul's body and head shake. Her cries and moans were right in his ears. Her heavy breathing and panting was right in his neck. He felt her tits slap his chest over and over. They were fucking like unbridled animals. Being miles out to sea removed any inhibitions Rose had at home. She was now loudly screaming in ecstasy. Jason was thrusting for all he was worth and flesh was slapping loudly.
"Come on baby, I know you want to cum in me. Come on baby, do it now. Ummmfff."
Paul almost opened his eyes as Rose dug into his shoulders with her nails while cresting into orgasm. Jason made some loud moans of his own and obviously came during Rose's climax.
"Oh fuck that was great," Jason sighed. "Too bad the cuck slept through it. He could have eaten you out. I think he might have liked it." Jason hauled back and slapped Paul again.
"Stop doing that!!," Rose yelled. "That's my husband. Besides, you're going to leave marks on him."
Paul was beside himself but was happy his wife defended him, even if she was a lying, cheating cunt. He was trying to formulate a plan for after this train wreck. What should he do? He could confront her and tell her to stop and chalk it up to fulfilling his fantasy. That didn't seem right after being drugged, lied to, cuckolded, humiliated, and it's not even over yet.
Jason said, "I gotta pee." Still being naked, he turned toward Paul, pulled the clothes off him and began pissing on his crotch. "Haha, now he's going to think he pissed himself."
"You're really an asshole, why are you being like this? What did he do to you? He's supposed to be your friend. Now he has to think he pissed himself? That's humiliating for him." Rose looked pretty pissed.
Jason pondered the question, "Maybe I'm just jealous that he has such a sexy wife and I'm just a fucking divorcée. Come on let's go enjoy the sun." They went to the seats under the flybridge and layed next to each other. After a few minutes of talking, Rose began stroking Jason's cock. Before too long his member was standing at attention.
Eventually Rose stood up to straddle Jason. She lined up and plunged down on his cock. "OH YES, yes, yes, yes, I could do this all day. FUUUUUCK!!" She controlled her rhythm in order to make it last. "OH God, I love your cock!! Do NOT cum until I'm ready, you hear me?"
Paul couldn't see but could hear the couple begin their second round of hot sex. He could hear the wetness of an overexcited pussy being fucked hard. Rose was now pistoning herself on the huge cock like she was a machine. She was breathing like she just ran a competitive sprint.
"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, you can get ready to cum now," Rose said in a panting voice.
Jason held on to her beautiful breasts and said, "Way ahead of you, I'm ready when you are. Oh shit, here it comes, UGGHH OHH, yes, mmm." Rose lurched and convulsed heavily as she reached her own orgasm.
The couple went back to relaxing in the sun for a good hour. Rose felt cum leaking from her but didn't clean herself. It made her feel slutty to be covered in cum. Jason got up and threw the ladder over the side of the boat. He dove off the side and when he came up he yelled, "Come on, the water's beautiful." Rose jumped in and swam into Jason's arms.
"What are we doing? What are we going to do about Paul? I don't feel good about this."
Rose said as she began to cry.
Jason only knew one thing, he was not going to stop wanting to fuck this beautiful, slutty woman. "We have to find a way to keep this going, that's all I know. Do you think he might let us fuck for his kicks? Or maybe he would open your marriage. If not, you just have to leave him for me."
They climbed back in the boat talking about Paul like he wasn't there. Rose continued, "I love my husband, I don't want a divorce, and I don't think he would accept us having a continuing affair. I have to tell him what I've done and hope he forgives me. It will be over but I think we both had some fun, right?"
"That's not an option!!" Jason snapped loudly. "You need to think of some other option. I need you to be mine!!"
Rose was stunned by the outburst. She was afraid that Jason was losing control of himself. She resolved to enjoy the rest of today and straighten out the mess with her husband tomorrow. She felt a pang of guilt and fear for the future eating away at her fun day. The couple lounged naked in the sun for a few minutes until the sound of another boat made them stir.
Jason looked over the starboard.
"That's a whale watching tour boat." Jason walked to the ladder leading up to the flybridge. "Come up here with me." They both made it up to the top and gazed out over the open ocean. There were gulls diving on the water a short distance away. Jason knew if he put out the lines he would be into some fish. As an avid fisherman, it was tempting but he had something better in his grasp. He needed a little more. He also had to figure out how he was going to keep this woman for himself. "I think you want all those people with binoculars to see your naked body. Am I right?" His cock had perked back up with the touch of her hands on his back and ass. They switched around so she was in front facing the approaching boat. He rubbed his hand over her pussy and slid his middle finger through her wet lips. They kissed over her shoulder. The port side of the boat seemed to collect more and more of the passengers with binoculars raised to their faces. Rose couldn't hide her excitement. It became obvious that she loved having her body on display.
Paul's head was still leaning back over his chair. From this angle he could see the top deck directly. He was surprised to see the couple begin another erotic session. The deck was surrounded only by railing, so his view was totally uninhibited. He thought for a moment that maybe these two were meant for each other and a divorce was the only way this could end.
Jason slowly entered Rose from behind as she leaned over the railing. Rose moaned and panted. She couldn't remember the last time she had so much sex in one day. She lost count of her orgasms already. Her perky tits were starting to bounce erotically as Jason pounded methodically from behind. Jason pulled his cock out completely with a smile on his face. "I want your ass now. I'm going to fuck your ass."
Paul almost jumped out of his seat. He thought to himself, 'She has never let me fuck her ass, she better not let him!!'
"I haven't ever done that. Paul wanted to but I said no. Besides, I would need a lot of lube, haha," Rose said nervously.
Jason smirked holding out his hand with a packet, "I have lube right here. I love that I'll be the first. Then it will become my hole. I will own it." He squirted the lube on his cock and wiped the excess inside her crack.
Rose looked upset and excited at the same time. "Oh god, I don't know. Will it even fit?"
Jason didn't answer, he just stuck his lube covered middle finger into her sphincter. Rose moaned with the invasion. She has had a finger in her ass. She did enjoy the dirty feeling of it. After a few thrusts, he pushed a second finger in. Rose gasped at the spreading of her ass. She thought to herself that this was much more erotic than she expected. In order to ready her for his big cock he needed a third finger in her. "Now just relax your hole." He gently pushed three fingers into her hole. The deeper they went, the more her sphincter stretched.
Rose was in a state of complete lust. Her exhibitionism was taking over. She was 18 feet above the water, standing on a platform with just a thin railing around it, about to get assfucked in front of maybe 20 or 30 voyeurs on the whale watching trip.
Paul was totally humiliated at this point. His wife of ten years was going to give up her ass to Jason when she had never allowed him to enjoy the feeling.
Rose was doubled over the railing with her eyes closed. Jason removed his fingers. He put his head against her rosebud. "Stay relaxed and it should feel like heaven." He pushed more and his head was in. Priming her with his fingers had helped. She took the first couple inches without much pain. Jason pushed two inches in and out knowing this was as much girth as she would have to endure. The rest would just be filling her up. Rose was gasping in anticipation of the pain. There was some at first but now she thought it felt good. She actually wanted more, even if it hurt. Jason complied. He slowly worked the rest into her rectum, right to his balls.
Rose moaned, "Oh my god, is it all in me?"
Paul mumbled to himself, "Oh my god."
Jason pulled his cock back to the head and then back in to his balls, pulling on Rose's hips to be sure he was as deep as he could go. Rose let out a long, loud, guttural moan. "Oh fuck, this feels SOOO GOOD!!" Her left hand dropped from the railing to cover her pussy. She moved her fingers into her folds and swiped up and down the slit gathering moisture. Jason started pushing in and out, eventually slamming hard into her ass. Her body hung over the rail with her tits bouncing erotically. She yelled "Oh, Oh, Oh," in time to the thrusts into her ass.
Paul watched the cock sliding in and out faster now and saw Rose start to rub her clit side to side. She was whimpering and breathing erratically. "Are they watching MEEEE!!!?" Paul couldn't believe it when she cried out and a hard gush of liquid sprayed everywhere. Some of it even blew onto his face. His eyes were wide with awe when Rose opened her eyes hanging over the railing. They saw each other eye to eye for a second. Jason let out a loud moan and filled her ass with cum. During the slight distraction Paul closed his eyes.
"JASON!!! He's awake. His eyes were open!!" Jason was still marveling at the hot ass he just fucked. No girl has ever fucked him this good. He was wondering how he could keep her forever.
Once the words sunk in he replied, "That's not possible, he should be out at least another two or three hours."
The lovers descended and went to check on Paul. Once more Jason slapped him. This time was much harder than before. The sound made Rose jump and she began to cry. "I can't do this anymore!!"
"Listen, you are mine now. I don't care what this fuck has to say about it. I think I should just cut his throat and feed him to the sharks." Jason had a very serious far away look in his eyes. He wasn't joking. Rose was afraid. She didn't know what to do. Jason had his knife on his belt. She considered trying to grab it but knew it wouldn't work.
"Let's get something to eat and we can talk about what to do," she said nervously. Jason agreed and they went to the bow to pull out something to eat.
Paul knew he had only a few minutes. He had thought of a few ideas but the one he had in mind was crazy. His knife was too far away to chance it. He wasn't simply mad at Jason. He had to pay. Paul was sure the death threat was not a joke. He seemed obsessed with Rose to the point of taking her forcibly or even killing her. He grabbed the line he had been tying knots with. It still had a surgeon's knot at one end. The other end he fastened to the anchor. He finished just in time for the couple to return.
Rose was pleading for Jason to give up his thoughts of taking her from Paul. "I could never love you the way I love Paul. Please don't do anything to him!!" She was crying hysterically.
Jason turned on his heal to look Rose in the eye with his knife in his hand. "You will be mine or be dead!"
Paul knew that Jason planned to carry out his plan. Jason sounded completely crazy. Jason approached with his knife out. Rose screamed, "NO!!" and lunged toward Jason. Jason simply shoved her to the deck with his forearm, but the distraction was enough for Paul. He jumped up, slipped the line over Jason's head, and hit the anchor lever. The 50 pound test line yanked Jason grotesquely overboard as his knife fell on the deck.
Rose screamed. Then tried to comprehend what just happened. Rose continued crying and shaking. Had Jason held onto his knife, he would have been able to cut the line from his neck. Had it been a poorly tied knot or a simple slipknot, he could simply slip it off his head. Paul had thought they could try to drive away and leave Jason behind in that case, but who knows. Currently, Jason was being dragged to the bottom while his eardrums explode knowing he is about to drown in the black depths.
With an overload of adrenaline still coarsing through his veins, Paul could only think of one thing to say. "Jason won't be over for dinner tonight."
Rose ran over to Paul and bear hugged him. She was still crying uncontrollably. Paul tried to console her but it went on for several minutes before Rose started trying to figure things out. "So..So were you awake the whole time?" Paul nodded. "So you heard and saw all the stuff we did?" He nodded again. "So I don't understand why you don't kill me too. Or how you killed Jason. Or why Jason got so crazy. And how did you not get drugged? And why you still stand here with your arms around me. Mostly, I don't know what's next. This is some fucking shit show."
"Let's sit down." Paul led her to the seats and began talking. "First things first, we have to call the coast guard to report Jason's death. Then we try to put things back together. As for not getting drugged? I saw you put the pill in the beer and switched beers. Then I faked being out cold. It wasn't easy for several reasons. I was humiliated, slapped, pissed on, and almost too angry to contain myself. Honestly I should have stopped you before it got started, but that's a cross I have to bear. And FYI, I set up the whole hot tub session on purpose. I was never passed out that night. I watched from the spare bedroom." Rose's face reflected her shock. "I regret that decision as well. So as you can see, I hold nearly as much blame as you. This is why I still have my arm around you, I want you to stay with me. Besides, you defended me the whole time I was supposedly out. Can we just call it one messed up week in ten years of marriage. I'm not mad about last Sunday. After watching him fuck your brains out today, I understand why you wanted it so bad. You should know that every second I watched you with him, my cock was hard as a rock. No matter what other emotions ran through my mind, watching you fuck turns me on."
Rose hugged Paul close, still crying but smiling a little, hopeful that they could patch things up.
"Let's get this shit show over-with so we can go home." Paul put in the call and waited for the authorities to show up. They told them their story, crazy as it sounded. Paul was brought to the state police barracks for further questioning. Rose and Paul's crazy stories matched. There was no proof that it wasn't self defense so Paul was let go. They may be called back for more questioning in the future but the worst was behind them.
Two weeks later, the officer in charge of Paul's case called to inform him he was officially off the hook. The officer conveyed a piece of information that stunned Paul. When Paul got off the phone he called Rose into the room to give her the good news. She was so happy that she jumped into Paul's arms. "Guess what else I found out?" Rose shrugged. "Officer Ryan said that Jason was not divorced, his wife is presumed dead. Jason was charged with murder but got off due to lack of evidence. They never found a body. I bet I know where it went!"
Rose slapped her hand over her mouth. "Oh my god."
Life at home had become more normal over time. The married couple gave thanks for having each other. However, Rose never denied Paul anal again. In fact, she loved it now and begged him to ream her ass regularly. In fact she continued to squirt every time.
Paul still held on to his fantasy of watching Rose fuck other men, but he was afraid to try that again. He knew he would broach the subject with Rose again someday. For now, the couple got back to a routine including Sunday football and cooking. The relationship remained strong in spite of, or perhaps partly due to, the events of that week in September.