Introduction
I'm August D Johnsons, my friends call me AJ or Jay and I'm 19; it's a big deal according to my father but in the 20thcentury It's just an age and to me too; it never played a role in my life. My mother died later after my birth and now I live with my dad. After I was born my dad took 2 year leave to raise me with some help and since it was a family company he was excused. He made sure I don't need anything and I later discovered that he was a workaholic and his job did work him off because he would go to work at 7:30 in the morning and come back at 11 or 12 then wake up at 6:30 for his treadmill so I was basically living alone.
It's not that he didn't care about me growing up he really did and he did his best to get me anything that will make me feel happy. I also made sure that I impress my crush at school during PE so I made sure to not be out of shape. I'm 6ft and my dad is 6.8ft both fit, same silky black hair and skin tone so seeing us together would make one assume that he was my brother while his little brother looked nothing like him. Just 2 years younger than him and other than black hair he was blonde, also 6ft but built with muscles unlike my dad.
Chapter 1
It was a typical Friday night, sitting on my reclining chair, playing games and bored as usual, it was around 10:30 so I didn't expect my dad home any time soon. As I was playing I hear the garage door open and a car driving in and since I was not expecting my dad I thought it was a robber or something and at first I was scared but later realized that I was very scared. A part of me wanted to run and hide but the rest of me was thinking about how all my shit was about to be stolen. I reached under my bed for a metal bat that never seen myself use in a very long time and ran down stairs. Since I was basically living alone I was too lazy to turn the lights on then off again so didn't it at all and eventually got used to living in the dark; I knew my way around the house at night.
Fortunately for me I reached the door before them and hid behind it immediately. The person struggled a bit to open the door; like they had the wrong key but eventually the door opened. I waited a while before I swung as I tried aim for the head. The person was as tall as my father but I could reach the head with the bat and in the blink of an eye I swung as hard as I can! But unfortunately it was hopeless, the person blocked it with their right and took my bat way with their left and was more scared than I could recall. The person reached behind me and turned on the light and I could think was, "Ah shit I'm dead." My gaze fell to the floor feeling disappointed in myself, I had played this situation several times in my mind but now...
"If I was a robber you'd be dead by now." The man said, and I noticed right away that it was my dad.
"Shit dude it's just you," I turned both relieved and concerned. "Why did you come back this early I almost killed you." I smirked with a false sense of pride. "Oh god... Don't tell me you lost your job."
"Firstly I did not lose my job and secondly YOU almost died but I have to give to you that had an impact on my hand... Well I won't be typing for a while." He smirked rubbing his hand. "Next time, be calm because you breathe so loud that I heard you the second I walked in and next time if you can't calm down in time aim for the knee then neck and head because what you did now deems you dead." He pointed out.
"Well whyareyou back this early?"
"You know my job involves a lot of traveling so I will be leaving on Sunday to London for the merger and I will be gone for 2 months and don't smile like you have shit to do when you plan on sitting around doing nothing. While I am gone and I doubt you will be going to school, so you will be going to my little brother's house for the 2 months of my absence and apparently his twin daughters go to same school as you, so you will live with them until I get back. So behave yourself and if I were you I would relax and go to bed because tomorrow you'll have to wake up and pack because that's when you leave, so go to sleep. Mike only has girls and his twin daughters are 1 year younger than you, so no pressure right? And look on the bright side you'll get to socialize." He said locking the door and walking away.
My dad was a cool guy and was not the guy to overreact or act on impulse. He loved talking about my mom and one day he asked me if I have a crush and I said yes, then he told me how to get her and told me if it ever works what I should do if I want to have sex with her, he seemed a little too proud of his "techniques" but then I could only fantasize myself having sex with my crush. Then he introduced me to the greatest creation for a virgin like me to use and it is called internet porn. Since the school I went to was a private school for the so called "rich kids" I was the first one to know about it in my class and the first one to have it.
One day I was watching porn with my friends and when my crush, Jenny came to tell us to put our phones away because they were not allowed during learning periods, when she saw us watching porn and squeezed her head between us and said, "Hey guys the teacher is coming," with a soft voice none of us heard her since we were absorbed and she was also absorbed so she just said, "hey guys," over and over.
Jenny to me was like a girl designed by my dreams; dark hair, emerald green eyes which I considered to be one of her effortless amazing qualities, a smile which could make me feel better if I was kicked in the balls and voice which I could call that of a singing angel. With full C cups that looked like they were still growing. She had a nice personality but looked some how unapproachable like she was on another level, most dudes already assume she already has a boyfriend so they usually hit on her with the "He's not good enough for you" line and I don't remember it working.
I noticed softness on my cheek and my heart skipped a beat and I almost jumped up and finally heard what she was saying so I exited my gallery and put my phone in my pocket and all I heard was "ahhh" even Jenny said it. She told me to meet her after school and before I could answer I was frozen and when I was about to answer the teacher came in and I simply nodded. "Can you believe that Jenny was watching porn with us? If only most girls could be so open like that." My friend Mert said turning back while the teacher was not looking.
Mert was taller than me like 6'2 but wouldn't notice it unless you were looking closely, he was also my first, closest and best friend. He wasn't the kind of guy to keep something from you, from a compliment to an insult so he was straight with me and he was also a fan of anime so we always have something to talk about.
"Get off that horse kid! You know she is mine!!" I hastily replied. At this moment Jenny turned and looked at me as if she heard me and I sank as low as I could.
"Well I'll wait for you to fail and give up and judging by your reaction it won't be long." He smiled.
I frowned and raised my middle finger to him and the teacher saw me and said, "That's 2 hours detention." and read my lips saying shit because of the plans I had with Jenny and made it 3 hours resulting in my withdrawal. Detention was long considering the fact that I was one of those kids whose parents would not help them escape detention. The next morning I met up with Jenny and asked what she wanted the previous day and said not to worry about it with a warming smile and I haven't spoken to her till today.
As I was walking to bed remembered that my father said that my cousins went to the same school as me and since I did not leave the class so it made sense why I did not notice or see them.
Chapter 2
Saturday arrived and I have to say I was happy to leave the house for something else other than school or shopping. I woke up around 7 to start packing with the uncertainty of if my dad was going to take me there or my uncle was going to pick me up and truth be told I was too lazy to drive myself but as usual I took a shower, did my workouts and ate breakfast and waited. I spent my whole day watching anime and waiting for my dad to tell me something but no.
The day went on slow considering the fact that I was waiting for something to happen, at 5:30 my dad comes to my room and tells me that my uncle will be here in 30 minutes, "Ok so I woke up for nothing and why the fuck would he go to work on a Saturday, didn't he do the same job my dad did?!" I thought. When my uncle arrived I was already dozing off but still ready to go, so when he told me to get in the car I almost ran but I was playing it cool. My dad didn't mention this but his little brother was scary I mean he looked like an assassin or something but also looked nice making him approachable.
Before I got in the car my dad called me and told me to get stronger referring to yesterday and then called me a pussy for some reason. "You come back alive." I smirked and got in the car, as we were in the car I asked my uncle if he did the same job as my dad and said yes but apparently my dad did overtime on weekdays so he can rest in the weekends.
We arrived at his house in 35 minutes and when we got to the garage he hit the horn. "The fuck, I mean why would you even do that?" I thought grinding my teeth.
"Prepare to meet my family kid, they will love you and I expect you do the same and don't worry about where you'll sleep we've already prepared a guest room for you and almost looks like yours so be comfortable, respect my wife and be at home." He said as we were getting in the house I just said okay walking behind him. As he opened the door two chicks came running and hugged him, then hugged me too and said, "Welcome to our home!" Turns out they were expecting me to visit.
Lisa and Liz were my twin-cousins and unlike most teenagers who hate their parents, they loved their parents; very much. Liz was 5'5 with dirty blonde hair and brown eyes; she has a bodacious body with a round ass that I would kiss with pride and breasts which hang perfectly from her fit body. Lisa also had blonde hair and blue eyes unlike Liz. She is 5'6 with tight ass and full C cups.
"Follow me I'll show you my wife."
"You have a nice family man."
"Yeah wait till you meet my wife." He said heading to the kitchen "Honey I back." He said with a soft voice, hugging her and kissing her on the neck.
"Oh Mike" She moaned, it was loud enough for me to hear and at first I thought it was intentional but just told myself that she's just sensitive.
"This is stimulating." I whispered.
"August!!" She screamed rushing to me and hugging me.
"Nice to meet you," I replied hugging back.
"Let me show you to your room, Austin, excuse me, your dad told me how you are always alone but that is going to change. I assume you already met Lisa and Liz. Well Maggie is still out but she will come back soon, you know teenagers." She said taking my hand and walking towards the stairs.
"Wait weren't you cooking? And who's Maggie?"
"Don't worry about that I'm just showing your room, relax." I followed her to the guest room well my room to be specific.
Susan was a woman straight out of one of my MILF wet dreams. She was about 5'7ft, She had natural blonde hair, flawless slightly tanned skin, sharp facial features, big blue innocent eyes, sleek neck, natural E cups, a skinny toned stomach, long sexy legs and some juicy thighs with a face so beautiful you'd think that she's in her twenties. Her god-like ass was by far her best feature and the thought of spending 2 months with her made me feel a rising erection.
We got to my room and she told me to unload my stuff, setup, take a shower and get ready for dinner and just like my home every bedroom had it's own bathroom and the hall bathroom for the "guests" and I was looking forward to rushing into the bathroom 5 minutes after I see someone going in, well it can't be helped because me going in there will just be me looking for attention and besides I felt more at home.
I settled in and as I was going down stairs I saw Maggie going up stairs on the other set of stairs and she looked cute and mature at the same time. Maggie was also 6ft and had a body of someone who was always working out, she was also blond, also had E cups which appeared to be squeezed in her vest and an ass that looked like it's half size as her boobs. I forgot that I was going down stairs because I was stunned by her ass as she disappeared in to her room but I managed to come back in time to not be noticed.
I got to the table and the dinner went on smoothly, I liked the fact that they didn't not make it a big deal that I was a visitor. As we were eating dinner Susan turns to me and says, "So how do you like our house so far?" She said with a homey smile.
"It's very nice I really feel at home and I'd like to thank you all for letting me stay here while my dad is gone. I hate to say it but it gets kinda lonely in that house."
"Well don't worry about it and I am glad you feeling at home." Innocent script: Always works.
"Yeah you can be like our older brother." Liz added and they all chuckled.
"Wait, aren't we in the same grade?"
"Yeah but your like older than us so we have to respect you."
"Oh..." I wondered if she was acting or not but if so, she was good at acting, I'll have to watch out for them.
"You are going be the big brother immediately after I leave," Mike said standing up. "I'll be taking a shower and AJ... welcome to our home." And he left.
"So you call yourself AJ?" Liz asked with a glow in her eyes.
"Yes my friends call me that. Wait how did he know that...? No that's not the case. When I was coming down the stairs I saw someone going up stairs was that Maggie?"
"Oh wow! Aren't you a smartass," Maggie sarcastically smirked coming from behind me jumping in on the conversation.
I turned to look at her and the first things I notice were her nipples I mean they were standing out, I guess she just got out of a shower, the second thing I noticed was her shirt, it was Chain from Blood Blockade Battlefront and it was very rare to see a female otaku in the open but since it was at home I guess it was cool so I said, "Nice shirt." and the twins giggled and she got offended.
"Well fuck you then. I will be eating in my room." She hissed taking her plate of food and going to her room.
"You shouldn't have done that," Susan said looking at me with a dark face.
"Do what?"
"Mock her love for cartoons, should not have done that. Now she actually hates you."
"I was actually complimenting her, I am a fan of anime myself, and it is very rare for a girl to be confident with that. I actually prefer to be around a person who is true to themselves, it saves me the trouble of doing it my self." I said with a prideful smile even though I am high leveled master in the art of lying without effort, but that was true; I love anime.
"Well you are gonna have to clear the air with her... but not now. Well I am going to bed, you girls will take care of the table and AJ, welcome to our home." She smiled, stood up and left me with the twins. We stayed there without saying anything until Liz looked at me and grinned.
"So AJ how many girlfriends do you have?" Liz asked with the previous glow in her eyes.
I thought of how disappointing it would be to her if I gave her an honest answer, so I lied. "To clarify I have 1 girlfriend and she's from my class and please don't tell her she said that she doesn't want this all over the school because her parents will eventually find out and she does not want to change schools."
"1 girlfriend huh? Ok so are you a virgin?"
"Liz... too soon." Lisa whispered under her breath.
"Yes. Why these questions?"
"Wanna fuck?"
"Wait what?"
"I said... "
"That we are going to bed." She said interrupting Liz's sentence, taking her hand and going to their upstairs.
As surprised as I was, I really wanted to continue the conversation but now I was all alone. I got up and headed up to my room as I was going through the hall I hear moaning, I tracked it until I was at Maggie's door and it was not locked I guess she was under the impression that everyone was already asleep. There I was going through reasons to get in the room and I just remembered that I'm new in this house so getting lost was inevitable so I jumped in and turned on the lights and I was not surprised that the switch was in the same place as mine, it was basic.
"DUDE THE FUCK?! TURN IT OFF!! FUCK!!!" She screamed covering her self.
"Shit man I'm sorry! I didn't know you were..." I asked trying to not chuckle because we all know what she was doing.
"What do you want?"
"I am just lost ok. Wait were you masturbating?"
"Just go!"
"Hey Maggie look really did mean to compliment you, I too enjoy anime and I can see how you got offended by what I said and back round giggles probably made it worse, well sorry because offending you was not part of my Aizen." I heard her giggle I was happy that someone other than Mert got my anime reference maybe she was on some online group chat because remember a challenge that involved changing real words and replacing them with something else.
"Well aren't you gonna leave? I really need to sleep."
"I doubt that but bye." I closed the door and as I was walking, I look back to see Susan in her night gown and her tits bouncing up and down walking towards me.
"I heard screaming is everything all right?" She asked in consent.
"Everything is alright I just got lost and got in Maggie's room, turned on the light and I guess it must have hurt her eyes. Just relax and go to sleep I think I know where my room is."
"Okay then." She said walking away after shifting a couple of doubts.
When I made it my room, got on my bed and reviewed the day's events and remembered Liz's actions and thought that she may visit me at night but no, I waited till I passed out and woke up in the morning with a stiff neck.
Chapter 3
When I woke up Mike had already left and I woke up pretty late considering the fact that I was awake half of the night. She got me good but at the moment I didn't want revenge not until I know if she was going through with it and a thought occurred that Lisa might have held her down the whole night. After that I actually managed to lie to myself that she didn't come because she couldn't come.
Just like how I did at my house I got up, took a shower, put on a vest and shorts, did my workouts and went down for breakfast and I thought that was going to make my own breakfast since I woke up late but it turns out my late was their normal time of waking up so they noticed nothing.
"Good morning AJ. Did you sleep well?" Susan smiled coming from the kitchen.
"Great how was your night?"
"It was great; girls greet your new older brother from today."
"How was your night AJ?" Liz asked in a seductive tone which I considered to be insultive.
"Great... I guess." I said sitting down on the table.
"Please forget the shit Liz did yesterday. I don't know what got in to her."
"Don't worry about it I really don't mind."
"Oh no... Don't tell me you wanted to do it too...? Virgins." Lisa murmured covering her face.
"Hey I didn't say that!"
"Hi AJ." Maggie said coming from behind me.
"Oh you actually came for breakfast?" Susan said coming with her plate. "Fortunately for you I thought that you'd come so I've already made your breakfast, in the kitchen." She said pointing with her thumb.
"Hi Maggie how was your night?" I said with a grin.
"Really? You're asking me that?"
"Well since this is starting to be a boring day I'll be by the pool or in it, either way works for me." Liz said leaving and giving me a very sexual look.
"Can you please not consider going to the pool today?" Lisa said holding my hand like I was going to be in danger if I did.
"You know I might" I sighed quietly.
Maggie finished her breakfast before all of us and said that she will be in her room if needed. I finished my breakfast after her and headed up stairs to my room and played games for a while but I got thirsty. I went down stairs for some juice and I saw Susan on the couch reading a magazine and she called me over. "Hey August how's your day? You're probably hungry, sit down, I'll make you a sandwich." She said standing up.
"I just wanted some"
"You know, you have to learn how to speak up." She said walking away. I wanted to stop her but her outfit was overwhelming my speech. She was wearing dark blue shorts, a black t-shirt and no bra and I was sure that I could see her panties if she sat in front of me. After a few minutes she came back with a cheese sandwich and some orange juice and then sat next to me on the couch, I was disappointed because I wanted to prove my theory right. Without a need to prove my theory the only thing I wanted to do was to do back to my room.
Susan moved over to the couch opposite to me to take the remote but didn't bother to come back and my theory was accurate, black panties or maybe dark blue... It was surprising how she was very relaxed around me. "Hey are you ok? You look a little red. Oh my, are you blushing?" She asked with a grin. "Well too bad." She said not even trying to change her position and returning her attention to the screen.
I looked back to the kitchen and I saw Liz drinking some juice wearing her bikini and really wanted to prank her, I drank up my juice and walked towards her. When I got there she was already done drinking and I just realized that I didn't plan shit. "Hey!" I shouted from behind her trying to scare her but it didn't do shit.
"Oh hey... AJ..." She said turning to look at me. "How hard are you?" She asked looking at me seductively.
"What?"
"I said... " She said closing in on me, pushing me against the fridge and using her arm to block my escape. "How... are... you?" She continued giving me a very sexual look.
"Hey Liz aren't you coming back!" Lisa shouted from outside.
"Oh yeah! Well AJ... I will be seeing you." She said walking away. I thought about going back to the TV room but Susan was too focused on what was on to notice me and it felt like she was teasing me and there was nothing I could do about it. I thought about going to the pool but it felt like it was a trap or another prank so I said fuck it and the only place I could be was my room.
As I was going through the hall I hear, "Hey AJ can you come in here for a sec." It was coming from Maggie's room and I went in without a 2nd thought. Maggie's room was almost like mine; plain, a couple of posters, desk and everything else in it, I guess I was a simple guy.
"What do you want Maggie I already told you that what happened was a mistake." I said defensively.
"I don't believe that but that's not why I called you in here. Look I wanted to apologize."
"For what saying get out or screaming turn it off?"
"You know what I mean."
"Yeah but already told you I would have done the same thing I mean not in this past year but before that I probably would have done something worse, so chill. I will be in me my room doing what you are doing."
"Wait... Do you want to watch it with me today it's sometimes boring watching anime alone." She said shyly.
"Okay why not. So where do I sit?"
"You can sit with me on the bed I was about to connect it to the monitor." By now her face was literally glowing with redness.
"Are you sure?"
"Just sit, if you're going to be here for 2 months I might as well be comfortable with you."
"Okay then." I said jumping on top of her bed and putting my hands behind my head and waiting for her next move but thought I should take the lead. "So what genre do you like. Let me guess romance and all that it was meant to be shit." I said in a cocky manner. "I love being a dick to the weak ones." I silently said with a chuckle.
"What no, I basically hate that genre. I like comedy or action... anything that doesn't involve that."
"I see." I whispered. "You know, I find it hard to believe that you're older than me."
"What should we watch?" She asked ignoring my comment.
"I just finished something besides it's your room, you choose." She just responded with an, "Mkay." Apparently she was watching Claymore but was trying to be a nice host. Before I knew it, it was 9:30 and I had to go. I was surprised that Maggie was able to change characters when she relaxes, she was actually sounding like someone who was nice.
I remembered that I didn't come here with my car, so I going to have to ask the twins to take me to the dealership to rent a car. I honestly didn't know to ask, "I mean Lisa could help me out but she looked cold blooded, Liz might but she looked like she was too hot blooded and I didn't know if my pride would let me." I thought. "Well... I will judge by the morning expressions." Then passed out after a while of playing video games.
Monday came and I woke up earlier than everyone because I used the alarm of when I lived 1 hour from school. "Well that's fucked up and early." I thought going back to sleep and waiting to be told to wake up. At 6:30 Susan knocks on my door and tells me to get ready for school. "I guess that guy told her that I might not go." I got up, took a shower, put on my uniform and went down for breakfast.
"Good morning people." I said sitting down.
"Hi." They all responded. "Your breakfast is in the kitchen." Susan added.
"Okay." I said going to the kitchen. "Can someone take me to the dealership I need to rent a car while I am here." I said coming back.
"Don't worry about that, you can join the Liz and Lisa when they are going to school. Can you believe that they share one car even though they have separate cars, I am sure they won't have a problem with that. Will you girls?" Susan said.
"We don't mind." Liz responded. Lisa agreed too and that I did not expect. After we finished breakfast Lisa took the car out of the garage and gave me the keys because apparently I was their driver. I thought that I had a problem with it but the bragging rights were worth it especially when Mert was being envious even if it was for 2 weeks. I spent the days at school and the nights with Maggie watching anime, she was a receptionist at the family company and usually came back at about 6:30; it depends.
Liz spent the whole week teasing and seducing me at every chance she got and it was hard. I thought that there were no disadvantages to having a girl trying to seduce you every time she got a chance but it was not. I wasn't even masturbating because the new territory and needed time to adjust and sometimes I was too tired at night.
On Sunday I decided that it was time and I was gonna stoke it; a lot. We ate breakfast and Liz was the first to finish her food. She pulled her usual stunts and went to the pool and as expected Lisa followed her. I spent half the day playing games and all that shit, later in the afternoon Maggie called me to her room to watch anime with her. "So Jay what are we watching today?"
"Mert sent me a link this morning." I said going through my messages. "Kissxsis?" I said without even hearing myself.
"Perv."
"Oh shit, Well we are not watching that." I chuckled with a weird smile. "Wait do you know it?" I said narrowing my eyes.
"Okay, okay let's watch it and just so you know I do not know it. I just used my brain." It turns out she did not know it she was just being defensive towards the name. After the end of episode 6 Maggie turns to me asks, "Are you hard?" She said looking me in the eyes.
My first thought was, "Act stupid, maybe she might clarify." And my virginity was like, "Do not waste it!" and that's what I went with, "Pshh no! Why would I?" I responded looking away trying to hide my erection.
"Oh really?" She said looking and me with a sexual look on her face. I was focused more on trying to hide my dick and it turns out she is just as aroused. She called me and when I looked at her she puts her hand around me and kisses me and my dick was getting harder. It was my first kiss and I didn't know much about kissing but I did know what not to do so I imitated her and I knew I was doing a good job when she started taking off my vest and I too took off her top but then she suddenly stops and gently pushes me away.
Chapter 4
"Wait... Can you go lock the door?"
"Oh that!" I literally ran to the door and remembered that she had a bra on and that kind of stressed me out because I didn't know shit about bras. "Great precautionary measure for a guy like me," As soon as I turned she had already taken them off and was ready to take me back with full breasts with nothing but her panties on. When I got to the bed she was on her stomach and was taking of my pants.
"This is my first time so I am surely not good at this." She said looking shy but that made her cuter.
"Don't worry about it I'll give you some pointers and you'll do that too right? And since we are not lovers we can be straight with each other." I saw her frown. "But for you I'll be making that exception because it's my first time too." Then she gave me really cute smile. "I guess she was happy that she changed some ones mind by just looking at them and I can see how that was an achievement but I developed it earlier in life."
She took off my underwear when she was pulling down my pants and my dick really throbbing. She started slowly twirled her head around the head before licking it like a lollipop. I was glad that I take baths or showers right after I wake up because I would not want my dick to be called salty. "Oh fuck that feels great Maggie!" I gasped as she tickled the underside of my cock with the tip of her tongue. After she heard my comment she started going faster she wasn't even giving herself a chance to breathe. "Ouch... mmmm." I said after feeling her bite my dick a little and try to not show her mistake.
Maggie pulled back as soon as she heard me. "Oh shit, did I hurt you? I knew this was a bad idea!"
"No it wasn't, I was just surprised, relax and take it slow. I mean it's not like it has a timer or something, besides you will know when I'm close."
Now she was a little relaxed and did it like a pro for a virgin like me, her tongue slid over my cock and circling her tongue on the head making me close my eyes and groan. She pulled back to check how I was doing and I looked down and simply smiled. She went for it again and this time with a prideful smile, she started stroking me in a slow motion and gently put my head in her mouth and circling her tongue slower, she kept her hand on my dick slowly stroking me.
Every 2 or 3 seconds she would take an inch deeper until she had all of me in her mouth and paused while her mouth sucked on me like she was trying to swallow and it felt great. After a while she slowly went up and stopped at tip to circle her tongue and going down while stroking like her body was not connected, increasing her speed she made me groan more and longer. Her hand pumped my dick in counter rhythm to her bobbing head and the sensations she was giving me with her mouth made me gasp loudly.
I noticed her going all out so I wiggled my fingers and went for her panties and they were wet. I first started by circling my hand on her panties but it was hard because of the wetness I so slid under her panties and put my hand on her pussy and continued with my circular motions and waited for her approval to stick my fingers in. She wiggled her ass toward my hand and I put one in slowly and she was tight, warm, moist and at first I didn't want to move my hand but I just wanted to make her cum before me. The movement of my finger was really low due to the position I was in so I was going to use dexterity and pattern recognition and it was good for me and her that she was sensitive.
I first used my thumb to rub on her asshole, she almost chocked on my dick because of my surprise attack but let out a soft moan then I used my index to wiggle it some more in her pussy and reached out with my middle finger to her clit by now she was really moaning and almost let go of my cock but she was not the one give up.
"Yesssss..." I groaned out loud as she slowly took my cock deeper and deeper. You'd think she'd stop and jerk me off till the end but she didn't want to fall behind so she went all the way. She took me deeper and deeper as she pressed her face into my groin. I could feel my balls tighten about to release but held it back with all will power so I could make her cum.
"Fuck I'm cumming!" I groaned and she let out a soft moan as she gave out a, "me too" and she took me deeper. Her pussy muscles clenched on my finger and the vibrations pushed me over the edge and I shot my hot cum deep into her mouth as she came on my finger.
I never came as much as I did right there, [Maybe I was used to cumming by my hand.] She kept on sucking me as she was swallowing, I almost collapsed, she noticed and pulled back.
"That was amazing... first time my ass, you were great." I assured her lying on the floor.
"I know." She said swallowing the last bits of my cum. "But can you keep this between us I don't want those little brats hating me for shit they don't understand."
"You have my word b." I said standing up and deeply looking her in the eyes; she just giggled lewdly and gave me a shy "why." I raised her chin not breaking the dazed gaze and kissing her, and even though the fact that she just swallowed cum made me not want to do it but my desire to show her my affection was greater; she was just...
"What's b?" She asked innocently when I stepped back and sitting back down.
"Don't worry about it, its babe." I said that even though it was a defense mechanism for misinterpretations.
"I'll be taking a shower now you do whatever... Babe!" She said taking off towards her bathroom, I looked at her ass as it jiggled away. "B!" She laughed while opening the bathroom door; she almost made me feel stupid.
For the first time in my life I was tired after cumming so I crawled to the door and headed to my room. When I opened the door Liz comes rushing towards me in her bikini dripping with water and gives me a hot slap on my face and pushes me into to my room. My body was still numb from cumming but it still hurt.
"THE FUCK WAS THAT FOR AND WHAT'S STOPING ME FROM DOING IT!?"
"Why didn't you come all this time I've been giving you hints to come get me but noooo you're just too much of a dumbass to get it!!"
"I wait for you every fucking night and here you are slapping me?!"
"Really?" She said calming down.
"Yes why wouldn't I. You are a very cute girl I would love to have sex with you anytime, but you're kinda throwing me off with your hints."
"I am just sick of guys not taking me seriously." Some how I felt like guys don't fuck with her because of her father.
"I'll be your guy." I said with a smile taking my eyes off her boobs to her eyes. "Ok?" I added trying to look serious.
"Wanna have sex then?" She said referring to my hard dick pointing at her. "No bullshit just sex ok."
"Ok but you'll have to take the lead I am a little tired from doing nothing."
"When you were coming back to your room, where were you?"
"I just told you. I was doing nothing."
I closed the door and curtains and it looked a little too dark so I flicked on the reading light. Then she took off her bikini and then pulled down my pants. As I was taking off my vest and I just realized that I was very nervous but I didn't hesitate to get on the bed. Liz smiled approvingly when she saw my stiff cock standing up like a flagpole.
"Okay then you just relax and watch the master at work." She said as she climbed on top of me and guided my cock in her pussy and sank half way to close her eyes and moan deeply.
"Tell me... when was the last time you had sex?"
"Like 2 years ago, with... ha.... Brock and it still feels... mmm... good."
"Who is that?"
"Your... mmm... cousin don't worry you'll meet him soon enough... I think." She said closing her eyes.
"So fucking cousins is your thing."
"No he kind of raped me."
"Wow and here you are, wanting dick... aren't supposed to be depressed or something?"
"Hey it doesn't mean if I enjoyed it I wanted to do it now shut up." She bent over so her face was next to mine and I could feel her hot breath in my ear. "Can you believe I got horny just by watching you shower?"
"Huh?"
She rose a bit and kissed me. It was a sweet, tender kiss [More like a shut up kiss.] that lasted a few minutes while she moaned softly and started making tiny rocking motions with her hips. Finally she broke our kiss and lifted her face above me. She looked in my eyes and whispered "I've wanted to do this with you since I saw you. You feel good inside me"
"Damn you feeling tight but in a very sexy way." Her pussy was as tight as a virgin. Well, it made more sense I guess.
We passionately kissed again. She began to move her body a bit more too, slowly sliding her butt back and forth, moving farther up every time until only the tip of my cock was inside her before she pushed back again. After a while her mind was too preoccupied with the fucking, her kissing slowed down and finally stopped altogether.
She sat back upright and began to lift her body on her knees and let it slowly drop again. It was hard to believe I was not dreaming. "First a blowjob then this? She just slapped me like 2 minutes ago and now she's riding me?" and I was not complaining I just watched her ride.
She looked gorgeous in the soft glow of the reading light, her boobs were perfect. I mean I did picture what they would look like but seeing them bounce up and down was above me. Just over a handful and with little pink nipples that stood out hard. Below those beautiful stress balls was her flat tummy and delectable pussy. Seeing her pink lips spread as my hard cock was fully inside her pussy made me smile widely and proudly.
As she easily rocked and twisted her hips, she forcefully pressed her pussy down on me, taking me as deep as she could. Liz was a tight fit and could exactly take the length of my cock. I felt the hard bump of her cervix against my glands, her squeezing lips around the base and her clit rubbing against my pubic bone.
She eventually got used to me inside her and she now started fucking me for real, sliding her pussy up and down the length of my cock. Her pussy made wet sucking noises as she pumped it faster and faster. Her breath became irregular and ragged as she raced towards orgasm. Helping her, I pressed my thumb against her swollen clit and rubbed little circles around it. That pushed her over the edge and I felt her grip my cock in a quick succession of squeezes and she bit her lip as she tried to stifle a whimper and a moan while her whole body shook.
She came really hard and she slumped forward, kissing me while I thrust up into her as fast as I could. The sounds of sex filled the room and if anybody was to be in the hall, they would instantly know what was going on in my room. She pushed her lips on mine and her tongue practically raped my mouth as she climaxed over and over again until she begged me to stop pounding her pussy.
"Oh god, you're good, I never came this hard or this much." She panted after she got her breath back.
I pushed in once more. "We're not done yet." I said and rolled her onto her back. She spread her legs and pulled up her knees, opening herself up to me. My cock found its mark and we were fucking again. I knew I would not last long anymore. We had been fucking for like 8 minutes now and I felt my balls tighten, preparing to cum. I tried to pull out but I was unable so I gave it all I got, fucking her as quick as I could, pushing her into orgasm just as I started cumming.
Her eyes rolled back and she nearly passed out as the huge orgasm took over her body cause some intense vibrations. Deep in the core of her convulsing body was my cock, covering her pussy walls with cum, she came for a while with her pussy literally pulling cum from my balls.
As she slowly came down off her high, she kept me pinned on top of her, her arms and legs locked behind my back and her mouth pressed to mine. I did not attempt to break her embrace, I liked being this close to her, snuggling and kissing my sexy new sister. We laid there for almost five minutes. All this time she had her eyes closed and seemed to be dreaming while she ground her hips up at mine, softly fucking my hardening cock that was still embedded in her sloppy cunt. Then she opened her eyes and smiled.
"Hmm yes, I needed that." She whispered.
"Wow that... was amazing! Way, way, way better than stroking." I said shamelessly.
"That's good, because I'm not finished yet." She said and pushed her crotch into mine again.
My cock had grown back to full hardness again and I pushed back at her. Liz cooed approvingly at my thrust inside her. "I love how you feel inside me."
I nodded, "Likewise." She nodded and rolled me on my back so she could sit upright again. "God, you're beautiful." I whispered as I admired the view.
"You too, and you've got a nice cock" She said and wiggled her ass.
She grabbed my hands, which were on her ass, and placed them on her round breasts. I gently squeezed the firm globes and flicked her rubbery nipples. They were amazing and I enjoyed playing with them almost as much as I enjoyed fucking her pussy. She seemed to like it as well, as she whimpered softly again as she started rocking her hips. Using my cum as lubricant, she fucked me with quick little strokes. Within minutes of fucking and me playing with her breasts, I felt her pussy squeeze rapidly and she slumped forward again.
I quickly rolled us over and kept pumping her missionary style without missing a single beat. Within seconds she came again and kept cumming while I fucked her. "Guys dinner will be ready in 5 minutes!" Susan shouted.
"Hey Jay dinner will be ready in 5" Maggie jumping in my room and seeing me on top of Liz. "FUCK!! HE JUST GOT HERE. AUSUST! MY FUCKING ROOM NOW!!!" She said shutting the door.
"You aren't really gonna go right?" Not sure what Maggie was going to do if I went in there now, I pulled Liz on her knees and reinserted myself into her frothy pussy from behind. She pushed her face into the pillow and let out a muffled series of moans while I did her doggy style. My hands were wrapped around her waist, pulling her into me as I pushed against her perfect round ass with every squishy thrust. It was a good thing I came twice already in the past 30 minutes, otherwise the view alone would have been enough to make me cum again. Now I was able to keep fucking her through many muffled orgasms before I could not hold back anymore and shot a second load in her.
Spent for the moment, I fell on the bed, next to her, I almost passed out until she said raised her head, "We should get ready for dinner but first we should take a shower."
"You just read my mind." We got off the bed and went for the shower. "Wait, what about Maggie?"
"Let her cool off. I wonder what made her angry I mean it's not like you... Wait did you two do it when you were doing "nothing"?"
"Kinda." I blushed and gave a low hehe.
"What do you mean kinda? Did she stop you?" She chuckled, "Well just know this I won't stop you since you're the only one I'll be fucking so don't be shy. Now let's take a shower." She said checking the water and pulling my hand to step in. She stood behind me and tried to wash me with her boobs, I got hard and turned and she got on her knees and said, "I am a little sore so I will give you mouth service." She put her mouth over my tip and started jerking me off till I came.
We washed up and got ready for dinner after a bit of play obviously.
Chapter 5
Dinner went on smoothly and Liz didn't pull her stunts other than look at me and smile. I almost forgot about Maggie but I did notice she was not there, after dinner I went to her room and apparently she was crying but stopped when I got in.
"Were you crying?" I asked hoping she'd say that she has a fly in her eye.
"Dude just get the fuck out." She said wiping her face.
"Look I am really sorry about that."
"Sorry about what?"
"I don't know yet but I still am." I shrugged sitting next to her on her bed.
"But you're still apologizing. Look I get it, it's not like you're my boyfriend or anything." She said as she was looking in my eyes, "I just want to ask you something." She continued wiping the rest of her face.
"Anything."
"Why didn't you tell me? Is it because I am older than you? Just give me a simple answer. Is it because I don't act stupid and flash my boobs every time I see a guy I like?"
"You don't have to do that. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I don't want to make you do things you don't want to do and I certainly didn't want your first time unwillingly, besides I was very tired after you made me cum and Liz kind of attacked me. And you don't have to flash your boobs every time you see a guy you like... Well goodnight." I said walking towards the door.
"Well do you want to cuddle?" She said with a relieved smile.
"Why not?" I said taking off my shirt and getting in the bed with her and cuddled till she slept I was very surprised that I got hard right after she slept. I guess I liked being in control more than I thought, I slowly let her go and went to my room.
Unlike most mornings of my of the past week I woke up with a smile on my face but like most mornings I had nothing planned other than going to school. I took a shower and went down stairs I was surprised when I saw Maggie because she was supposed to be gone by now. I wanted to ask her but realized that eventually I would know. I said my good mornings with a smile and my timing couldn't have been better; Susan was just coming with my plate. I wasn't really hungry but I still appreciated the effort by eating and finishing as quick as I can. "Maggie aren't late for work today?" I asked waiting for the twins to finish up.
"Nah I started my vacation a week earlier," She said looking at me while sitting on the couch, "But that means I'll have to go back a week earlier."
"I'm looking for the down side on this."
"I just told you."
"But hey look on the upside this is the last week till summer vacation. At least you get to spend time with me." I said kissing her on the cheek.
"AJ were ready!" Liz said after taking the car out the garage.
"Well bye. I'll back in time for..." I said kissing her on the cheek again, "You." I growled at her ear.
"Perv." She smirked when I looked back at her and smiled. When I got outside Lisa passed me the keys and told me the usual.
"I will sit in the front." Liz said with a glow in her eyes.
"Of course you're not. We still haven't finished our talk"
"Oh that. You really are interested aren't you?" Liz smirked. "Okay I guess it can't be helped." She said getting in the back sit. As I was driving I hear them giggling, "Shit I hope they aren't talking about my interaction with Liz." I quietly said to myself. For the first time in my life I was happy to see the school I mean it's not like I was not proud about what happened but was there a need to talk about it in the same car I am?
"Okay we are here." I said looking back to them.
"Ahw already." Lisa whined.
"Well that's new. Here I have shit to do," I said giving them the keys. "We will meet here after school."
"How about a kiss before you go." Liz pouted.
"Really here? In front of her?" I said referring to Lisa next to her.
"No I really don't mind." Lisa stepped in. Now I was sure they were talking about it.
"Well I really have shit to do." I said seeing Mert in the parking lot getting out of his car.
"Come on one kiss." She insisted hugging my arm and engulfing my hand with her boobs, running a small chill up my spine.
"Sorry can't help with that." I said interrupting her and walking away.
"So you're still pulling your shit?" Mert asked looking at me with the fuck you eyes. "Just tell me the truth already man. What are they to you?"
"Yare yare. Look they are my cousins okay?"
"Damn you don't have to be a dick about it." He said getting in the class, "So did ya'll fuck yet?" He turned to me looking at me like he can read my mind.
"Of course we did." I said with a chuckle sitting down.
"And you wonder why I never believe you." He smirked looking down on me with a smirk.
"Okay, okay we didn't."
"That I can believe. Oh the asshole just came in." He said as the teacher got in the class. "I hate this guy." He said in an audible voice that even the teacher heard and he wasn't going to do shit about it. The hours went on petty quick for a Monday; I was even surprised when the after school bell rang. I've always found the week before school vacation quiet long so a short Monday told me that I was going to have long Tuesday.
After the school when I was walking to the car Jenny called me over and when I was walking to her I was very confident, I would have said that it was the power of love but now I know it was because I had sex and had enough pride. We talked for a while and she asked me about the twins and I told her they were my cousins. I asked her why she asked the question and she blushed.
I took the moment and decided to tell her how I felt about her and it was hard, I finished giving her the reasons of why I love her and she said, "I know and I love you too I wanted to tell you but I just didn't want to make you feel less of a man because it would suck." She continued, "You may look like you don't care about anything but I learned enough about your facial expressions and thank you for what you just said it makes me not regret not telling you that I feel the same." I just said wow. "How about a kiss? I mean you are my boyfriend now so how about we own it and there not that many people outside so let's make it long."
"Oh god I love you" I sighed walking towards her and kissing her passionately. The kiss was long, good and very hot but also relaxing.
"Not now... give it time." She said pulling back after feeling my erection. "I have to go. Nice talk." She smiled kissing me on the cheek and getting in the car that was waiting for her.
"No regrets." I said walking towards the car and Liz was standing next to it. "I wonder what's on her mind." I thought and realized that I had a rod sticking out of my pants.
"I see you have a little problem." She said looking at my crouch.
"With your experience I wouldn't say little." I chuckled trying to adjust it properly. "Where is Lisa?"
"She's running some errands or some shit like that, she has the keys because she thinks we will leave her but I doubt that's the reason she did it. Too bad... I'd be giving you a blowjob now."
"You told her didn't you?"
"Yeah I mean she is my twin and I love her. Don't worry we will be home soon, she should be back by... and the she is." She said waving to her coming down the stairs. "Can you believe that she's actually in love with you and I wanted to believe her when she said she will never love again after the break up with her boyfriend. Hard to get. Never show weakness." She whispered.
"Really... Wait what?"
"Sorry for making you wait now let's go." She said giving me the key and getting in the back sit with Liz and apparently they weren't done talking and they continued to giggle and whisper and it was very vexing.
We got home and the first I did was take a shower and before knew it I was being called for dinner.
"You know since August came here Maggie has... changed, she's more... social, it's very rare for her to sit with us and eat dinner or breakfast. Did you do anything to my daughter?"
"Yeah August did you do anything to Maggie?" Lisa and Susan pointed out
"I am in the same table as you." Maggie said with a smile.
"We know honey but you know how you are... Well how you used to be." I looked at Maggie and grinned and Susan noticed, "What was that. What did you two just do?"
"What I didn't do anything."
"What was what?" Liz said confused.
"Well I am filled thanks for the food. I'll be in my room if needed." I said standing up and taking my plate to the kitchen and washing it for credit and it worked.
"What a nice boy; his girlfriend must be happy to have him, so considerate. If only he wasn't my nephew... oh god... I will be in my bedroom don't forget to clean up." Susan said standing up and heading up stairs leaving the girls.
When I got to my room I got ready for bed played games for sometime and reviewed the things that happened the past few days and "Damn things are actually working out for me and with just 4 days till summer break this is going to be long week." I had a chat with Jenny for a while and I fell asleep.
The week went on quicker than expected. Liz was appearing to be more contained during the week and she was not pulling her stunts. It seemed like she was Liz at home but Elizabeth at school and apparently she's in the student council. I spent the week hanging out with Jenny and Mert. On Friday my class threw a party the whole day and no teachers dared to enter it, even the twins joined us. After the school ended Jenny took me to her house and it turns out her parents are on a business trip too and she was living alone. At first I was nervous but I was ready for anything we got in the house.
"Welcome to my home love." Jenny said pulling me by the hand and leading me to the sitting room.
"Wow it's really nice."
"I know. My mom spares no expense in decorating. So what do you want to do?" She said with a glow in her eyes which looked innocently perverted and it was a turn on for me.
"I don't know what do you want to do?"
"Come on. Don't be that guy, I see you looking at my tits." She said looking me right in my eyes. "So wanna try it?"
"Try what?" I asked putting my hands in my pockets, narrowing my eyes and smiling.
"Oh you know." She said striping and sitting on the couch with nothing but her underwear on.
"Oh you know I know." I smirked closing in on her a giving her a kiss on the neck and pulling back slowly, "Why not." I said taking off my shirt and pants and I reached out towards her breasts, taking one in each hand. I could feel their weight and firmness, even through the damp bra. I felt her hard nipple and rubbed it, I noticed a very sharp gasp when I did. I jerked my hands away at the noise. "Are you okay?"
"Fine... It was just unexpected." She nodded. "Keep doing it."
I put my hands back over her tits, giving them little squeezes. After a moment, she reached and undid her bra I was happy because I knew nothing about taking off a bra. The material fell away in my hands and then onto the floor. My hands were now directly on her tits and it felt much smoother and warmer. I could see the little pink circles in the middle with the tiny nipple points sticking up. The only thing occupying my mind was to feel, kiss and suck them.
I leaned down towards one of the nipples, watching for any signs of disapproval from her, and put my mouth around her left nipple. She gave another gasp as my tongue touched her skin, and sucked on the nipple. She wasn't sitting idle during this either. I felt her hands move down my body towards my underwear. I instinctively jumped back when her hand touched the bulge of my cock through my underwear and started to have a desire to laugh but I held in.
I was sitting on the couch and she crawls over towards me and says, "Let me see. I hope it's not too large." She reached out towards me and grabbed the waistband of my underwear, pulling them off while biting her lower lip looking me in the eyes.
My cock sprang out in front of her. Maybe it wasn't huge but it was not little either but this close, it seemed to make quite the impression on Jenny. She seemed as uncertain about what to do with it first as I had about her tits. "I know I had sex with Liz but trying to make love? That is as hard as my dick." I thought. She reached one of her hands out and touched the tip, flinching back when this caused my cock to twitch involuntarily.
I knew she was inexperienced so I didn't want to pressure her. She reached out her hand and put it around my shaft. "It's so soft," She said, "But so hard at the same time." Her hand started slowly moving up and down the outside. I was leaning back, just taking in the feel of this.
I could feel myself getting close to cumming though, and I really wanted to cum last. Instead, I sat forward and ask, "Can I see yours too?" I could tell by the reluctant look on her face that she was mulling things over in her mind. She still had a hold of my cock though, slowly pumping it. Then she came to a decision, smiled at me, pushed down her underwear and got back on the couch.
I leaned forward and looked between her legs and she blushed. There was thin hair around the opening. I tentatively reached out and touched the slit and it was very hot and slick as much. As I stroked up and down, her hips squirmed around making me proud that I was able to make her do that with minimum effort.
As my finger reached the top of the slit and went for her clit. When I touched it, I heard a loud gasp from her. "Right there..." She said. "Not too hard." As I rubbed my finger around in circles, I could feel even more wetness leaking from her, making my finger very slick. "Be gentle." She said moaning.
I looked up from her pussy up the rest of her body. By now she was breathing quite rapidly. Her tits were heaving up and down on her chest, and she was rolling her head slowly back and forth. "Are you sure about this?" I said sitting up.
She appeared to be pondering. "Will it fit?" She asked, as she put her hand back on my cock.
"Let's find out." I inquired, as I laid her back on the couch. I lay down on top of her. The tip of my cock brushed against her pussy, causing both of us to gasp at the contact. I rubbed the tip up and down the opening and then pushed in.
It was a very tight fit. Even though I felt like I was pushing so hard, and everything felt so slick but also tight down there, it was barely sliding in. I looked up and could see her wincing in discomfort. "It won't fit... it won't fit..." She muttered and all I did was just look her in her eyes to try and see regret but all I saw was passion pure, raw passion.
Her eyes made me certain that I wasn't about to stop after getting this far, so I pulled back a little bit and then pushed in hard again. This time, I felt something give and suddenly most of my cock slid deep inside. She screamed out at the penetration. "Are you okay?" I asked, buried inside her, but not moving.
She lay there, looking back at me. "Wow," She said managing to catch her breath. "It fits." She giggled smiling at me. "It really hurt when you went in, but it's better now. I feel so full!" I was marveling in the sensation myself it felt so warm and tight inside her. I could feel a squeezing sensation and it seemed to undulate when she moved or talked.
It looked like she had recovered, so I slowly pushed back and forth. The sensation of my cock sliding in and out of her felt so intense. I could tell that she was similarly overwhelmed, as she started moaning and rocking in time. "I had no idea it could feel so good." She gasped.
It was getting easier to move in and out. It felt like her insides had loosened up a little for me. I started moving faster and she wrapped her legs around my back, pushing me deeper and deeper with each thrust. She put her hands on my face and pulled it towards her and started kissing me, I was not surprised when I felt my cock felt like I needed to release I pulled my face back and wanted her approval and she nodded with an honest smile.
I gave one final push deep inside her and felt a large jolt as my cock squirted a large load deep inside her. "Ohhhh!" She started as she could feel the twitching. I gave another push into her and another twitch marked a second squirt of my juice into her. A third push and a third squirt followed. At this point, I was just resting as deep inside her as I could, feeling the remaining pulses of my cock deliver the last bits of cum into her waiting womb.
She kept moving underneath me, thrashing about. I could tell that she was cumming, as she was moaning and panting, while thrusting her pelvis up at mine, trying to get my cock even deeper inside her. We just lay in each other's arms, letting the sensation of our orgasms pass. "That was wonderful." She said to me. "We have to do this again."
"I couldn't have said it better myself." I said with my eyes half open.
"Oh look at you, if only you could stay for the night."
"If only indeed..." I sighed getting up. "Where's your shower?"
"Follow me I'll show you." She said standing up and going up stairs. "Here it is." She smiled opening the door.
"This is a bed room."
"Of course it is." She said pressing her lips into mine, pushing me onto the bed and that was enough to make stiff again. "I never said I was finished." She grinned getting on top of me.
"I thought you were tired." I asked as she looked down to her target before squatting on top of me. With her knees beside my waist, she aimed my hard rod at her entrance while I waited patiently.
My head popped in and she circled her ass in the air, bringing me along with her. I loved the way she was enjoying every little step of our encounter. Done playing, she straightened out and proceeded to slide down my flesh an inch or two at a time. We both moaned during the process until she was seated in my lap with me buried deep inside. As she was sitting I could feel her pussy massage my dick, gently squeezing and releasing. I let out a groan as I was gently caressing her sides for support.
She began rocking back and forth. I gently pushed myself up into her when she would come forward, much to her satisfaction. She shot me a quick smile before leaning in and kissing me. My hands were all over, feeling her body move with the lust that had devoured her.
Every move she made was intentional, certain and pleasurable for both, I had never ever felt so inexperienced especially from a former virgin. I only got to tease her nipples for a little while before she ended the kiss, leaning back. I grunted at the way her pussy threatened to pull my cock right off. Then she froze, watching my reaction as she squeezed me more with her walls.
"Fuck, that feels and looks so good." I huffed out.
"Fuck yeah it does." She agreed, squeezing again.
When she was finished showing off she shifted her legs in front so she could stand while squatting on me. Wrapping her hands gently around my neck, she started to fuck me again. I had been officially benched as she rode me, using my dick to please herself. She moaned louder, longer, and more erotically. "Fuck, oh fuck AJ. Fuck me, I love your cock." She moaned out before a high pitched shriek shot out of her mouth.
I almost told her to keep it down but remembered we were alone. In the following 20 seconds, she leaned forward onto her knees again, giggled for a few, and then suddenly began riding me with more passion and lust, moaning and squealing, to and fro she moved. Bracing herself on my chest, she was furiously swinging on me. I jumped back into the game, bucking into her to the delightful sounds of smacking flesh. One hand held her by the hip while the other played with her nipples, allowing her movements to work for me.
"Cum for me love!" She said moaning or screaming I wasn't sure which.
"Inside?" I asked, hoping to not pull out or push her off.
"Uh huh." She uttered while moaning.
To her surprise, I began fucking her from the bottom. I grabbed her by the hips, holding her still while I pounded away. Letting me take over, she pinched and pulled on her nipples, purring and moaning frequently. Without warning, I forced her down, spilling all my cum inside of her. "Fuck!" She screamed in pleasure.
I let out one long continuous groan as I unloaded deep inside of her at the same time. My orgasm only increased the power of hers as she swore, screamed, and squealed on top of me. She rocked slowly as we both came down before collapsing on top of me. I wrapped my arms around her on impact. When she felt her energy beginning to come back, she sat up, lifting up off of me. She sat back down with her pussy against me and my cum dripping out onto my balls. "That was amazing." She said in a very reassuring tone.
"Oh yes it was." I smiled. "Wait here I have to make a call."
"Aw really? What's it about?" She gave me the cutest pout that made my heart skip a beat.
"Just telling home that I'll be spending the night at Mert," I said heading out. "Spending the night? They won't mind." I said preparing reasons for staying out and Susan understood. I headed up stairs with pride knowing that I'll spend the night with my girl fucking and all got me hard again and when I got in the room she was fingering herself waiting for my arrival. We fucked for hours until we passed with all the countless orgasms.
Chapter 6
"Are you awake honey?" She said sloppily pulling away.
"How can I not be awake?" I said looking between our bodies at her face. "You're really good at this did you practice?"
"Yeah... I mean... I'm self taught." She faintly smiled while blushing, "What? Do you like it?" She said nuzzling my dickhead over her face and lips.
"Oh yes I do." Without another word, she began to suck my hard cock. She held my ass while sliding her mouth beck and forth. I was rubbing her pussy as she held her thigh up for me, kissing at her pussy now and then. I mean I knew literally nothing about eating pussy; I've always procrastinated about telling Maggie about it well I'll be using my secret technique.
She mouthed my cock slowly at first, sliding her lips back and forth, but then excitement gripped her, and she began to suck faster, devouring my cock with hot greed, moaning softly. She dug into my ass and pulled, bringing my naked body over on top of hers. Then, with my legs alongside her head, she grabbed my ass and began to suck hungrily.
I lifted and lowered my cock, fucking at her mouth as she sucked. She held my ass tightly, shoving her mouth onto my cock until my balls were crushed at her nose. She pulled the cheeks of my ass open, and I gasped as she jammed a finger into my asshole, "Mmmm that's new... very new." She started to move her finger and I moaned making her go faster.
Clutching at her hips, my cheek resting on her pussy, I fucked up and down, feeling her finger moving in and out of my asshole, my cock in her mouth. It didn't take long, "Shit I am cumming!" I groaned in pleasure sticking my nose in her pussy and spraying the insides of her mouth with my cum.
"Talk about a great breakfast. You taste good honey." She said kissing me and leaving.
"From AJ through Jay to honey, I wonder what comes next." I said returning to my sleeping position "Oh shit 10:30 I have to go!" I said getting off the bed and going to the bathroom where Jenny is and she was fingering herself in the bathtub and as usual I got hard.
"Need help with that?" I said getting to the tub.
"I could say the same to you." She smiled and put her hands on my cock and stroking it slowly.
"You are still horny huh?"
"I don't know am I?" She grinned letting go of my cock and spreading her legs.
"I really need to go home they probably think I am dead. Can you give me a ride?"
"Oh that." She said looking disappointed. "You are coming back after I take you right? It gets really lonely here, I mean I just got you and I can't afford to lose you." She continued with a sad look in her eyes.
"I know what you mean and of course I am coming back. Come here." I said giving her a very emotional hug. We helped each other take a bath and eventually we had a quickie. "Wait why are we taking the this one? Couldn't we take a smaller car one that does not stand out?" I said seeing her limo outside.
"I know what you mean." She said covering her face with her left hand.
"You do?"
"Yeah my parents don't completely trust me so they have people watching over me, 2 butlers, a driver and a cook, I even got a therapist. I just learned to get used to it so please bear with me."
"You really don't have it easy huh? Wait what about last night and today? Won't they report you or something?"
"No they are totally cool according to them today and last night didn't happen. They are here to protect from breaking ins, robberies and all that so get in and relax." She said sliding over my space.
"That's actually cool on some grounds. What about..."
"Don't worry I am on a pill, you know I'm always prepared." She said almost reading my mind. I told her to drop me off 2 blocks away from the house to avoid suspicion. I got home and as expected the girls where at the back for a sun tan and Maggie was on the couch in front of the TV wearing a black bikini it seemed like she was going to the pool later and wanted to be ready.
"Hey I am back!" I said getting in.
"AJ?" Maggie murmured turning her head like she didn't notice me gone last night.
"I'm back how are you?" I groaned walking behind her and kissing her on the cheek.
"You were gone?" She said looking back to the screen.
"Oh listen to you talking like you were not worried about him, quiet frankly I've never seen you worried in a while." Susan said coming from behind me.
"Oh did you now?" I asked feeling proud about something.
"I mean it's not like I like you or something I just care about you as part of the family."
"Of course you do." Susan said coming near my ear, "I think she really likes you, fortunately for you, you 2 are cousins because this would be very weird." She growled rubbing my ass and smacking it.
"Did you just...?" I said increasing the space between us.
"I don't know, did I?"
"What's going on back there?" Maggie asked turning her head.
"Well you kids have fun I will be... somewhere." Susan said winking at me.
"I'M SO CONFUSED!!!" I screamed in my head.
"What's up with mom she's being acting weird lately."
"Oh so you noticed her maybe she's going through puberty." I said jokingly and sitting next to her.
"Shut up." She smiled giving me a light punch on my shoulder. "Hey you wanna go to my room?"
"Why would I do that?"
"I want to play with you."
"Really? What genre?"
"Adult." She said seductively.
"Now you got my attention. Lead the way." I smirked standing up and holding out my hand.
"My pleasure." She said standing up and heading for her room.
As we were going to her room I felt like I was being watched, I felt like this every time now it was more intense and real. "Oh shit I need to change my clothes, I took a shower at Mert's house but didn't change I'll be back." I said kissing her and leaving her on the bed. When I came back the feeling was less intense and all I could think was, "Enjoy the show because I ain't no longer a virgin."
"Can you lock the door?"
"Okay." I said locking the door. "So what's the game...?" I grinned sitting on her bed.
"Don't play stupid, you know what the game is." She returned the grin untying her two piece.
"Oh yes." I groaned getting off the bed and taking off my t-shirt and going for my pants.
"I'll do that for you." She said taking a hold of my hand and pulling them down. "Aren't you excited." She said kissing the top of my dickhead and licking it from the base to the tip.
"You know you have control over it." I said sitting down on her bed naked.
"I know." She smirked sliding it in her mouth slowly. She pulled back and took a deep breath and inhaling my scent in the process, the scent did something to her like triggered her or more. She pressed her lips to the head of my cock, her whole body shook with pleasure and it seemed to flow through my dick to my body. She touched my piss-hole with the tip of her tongue, and a moan boiled out of her throat. Once again she had my cock inside her mouth, her lips pressing at my hard cock. She worded my cock with her tongue, flicking it around. Then she held it tightly with her lips, sucking upward until she had just my tip in her mouth.
"Oooh Maggie..." I groaned out loud. "You're really good." I said as she purred and pulled my cock back into her mouth. Having my dick in such a soft place made a wild, crazy tremor of wanton desire go through my body and she noticed. Pushing her lips hard at the stiff rod sticking out of my body she looked professional. She closed her eyes, savoring it, her tongue lapping as she pulled up from it. She raced her tight lips swiftly, bobbing and moaning with the rapture of the hot taste. She shot her hand up my thighs, clutching at my crotch, and began to suck vigorously, making soft wet sounds. She twisted her lips round and round, sucking as fast and hungrily as she could. Her blonde hair swirled with movement, her eyes opening and closing. She took in my cock like a starving woman.
I gazed at her, seeing her lips stretching, sliding on my dick. My balls swelled, I began to thrust my hips up and down in ecstasy. She took the full length of my cock into her mouth; she sucked up until she almost lost it then going down like she was going to swallow it. Her tongue swirled about the head of my cock and increased her speed and movement. "Ohh shit Maggie keep on it... ohh shit!" I urged, "You're really good."
"You really like it?" She said pulling back. "I'm really happy you like it." She said giving me a cute smile. "But I am not done."
She dived onto my cock again, sucking with wet sounds, greedily, her ass shaking. I shoved my hand beneath her, and cupped one of her tits. She darted her mouth up and down my cock, sucking hotly. She moaned when my swollen head almost entered her throat, and she smashed her lips hard at the base, trying to take my cock down her throat. But it wouldn't go, I mean I wasn't long enough for her to swallow. "Too bad." I thought. I squeezed her tit, pulled and twisted her hard nipple, and watched her uplifted ass twist. She murmured, sucking and wiggling her ass.
"Mmmm... oh" I moaned stroking her head as she sucked hard. I was getting close to cumming, and "Cumming" was the only word that escaped my lips. That seemed to make her suck faster, twisting and pulling on my cock like her life depended on it. She rammed her head to my base as I launched my hips forward hitting the back of her throat, releasing my cum in her mouth, falling on back, she continued to suck pulling out a second load from my balls trying to fill her mouth with both my cum and dick. Her body shook with unexpected ecstasy. She gave out a squeal as she moaned, holding on to my ass pulling it hard, pulling my cum not letting any leave her mouth and finally swallowing.
Lifting her face, she grinned at me. Cupping my empty balls and slightly soft cock, she twisted and squeezed tenderly. "So how was that?" She asked, her voice low and filled with emotion. "Did you like it?"
"Wow... that... was... amazing." I said still panting from cumming. "Fuck. You practiced that for me?"
Maggie giggled lewdly, wiping her fingers across her mouth. She leaned over and dipped her tongue into my belly button, swirling it about for a moment. "Of course I did, I am all for you. I just can't believe I came from just sucking you."
"I noticed I didn't even know that it was possible."
"Isn't that what I just said?" She asked lying next to me on the bed.
"Can I return the favor?" I said getting off the bed and getting between her legs. "This is my first time so I am surely not good at this." She giggled recognizing that it's what she said.
"Why not. I'll give you pointers." I didn't hesitate. I grinned and nodded my head, sliding my hand up her inner thigh to caress her perfectly trimmed pussy. She opened her legs wider for me, and her hips swiveled wantonly as I brushed her clit and the lips of her pussy. I looked up between her smooth thighs. I pushed a finger into her pussy and as expected tight as fuck. She gave a soft whimper of pleasure and bent her knees, half squatting for me. "Hey you don't have the thing... a cherry."
"Rough bike landing." She let me poke around at her pussy for a while, and then swung a foot over my chest, straddling me. Gazed up, my eyes seeing the satiny inner flesh of Maggie's pussy, the curves of her ass, the inviting crack between her shapely ass. My cock stirred to full hardness.
She looked down into my face, and began to bend her knees, lowering her crotch to my face. I slipped my hands up the backs of her thighs to her ass, cupping her ass cheeks. I licked my lips, anticipating the wet heat pussy in my face. Even thou I knew nothing about what I was about to do I was pretty confident about the anatomy of what I was dealing with.
Maggie squatted above my face, her knees spread wide and her pussy hovering inches above my mouth. She shivered with eagerness, still holding her pussy lips open, her clit protruding, straining outward in knotted hardness. Her pussy was dripping wet and out of curiosity I darted out my tongue and I was impressed with the taste.
"Kiss it," Maggie whispered. "Give me a kiss."
I lifted my head, pressing my lips lightly against her pussy, kissing it. She twisted her ass, squealing with the contact of my mouth on her. I cupped her ass, with her sitting on my hands I kissed her again.
"It's hot and wet." I said.
"Do you like it?"
"Oh, yes, I love the way it feels!" I gurgled. "You are so soft and hot and wet and have a very good scent!"
Maggie lowered her ass, and I opened my mouth. When she pushed her pussy into my face, I began to work my tongue into it, wiggling it around, feeling the hot, satiny flesh of her pussy. Her cum from earlier was slippery and tasted delicious on my tongue. Darting my tongue in and out, I fucked her with it. She gave out a squeal of ecstasy, twisting her crotch into my face and smashing down. She rubbed back and forth, sliding her bubbling pussy about my lips and protruding tongue.
"Shit am I that good? I am proud of my self." I thought to myself.
"Ooooh, lick it, lick it!" She urged. "Ahhh, it feels so good! Push your tongue real deep into my pussy. Oh fuck me with your tongue!"
She squirmed back and forth, her pussy sliding about my open mouth, my tongue scraping her distended clit. "Very proud."
"Ohhh, suck me right there!"
She shoved her pussy down a bit, and my lips closed around her inflamed clit, sucking at it. The more I sucked, the more she squealed in delight. She was smearing my face with her dripping juices, but I couldn't care less. I opened my mouth as wide as I could, covering the slit of her pussy, sucking at it with my tongue flicking in and out and my nose rubbing the clit in the process. I could see past the curls of her pussy, watching her tits and her changing expression, her eyes glassy with the sensations I was giving her.
"Suck me! August, Suck me!" She said moaning, thrashing her crotch on my face.
I slipped my hands off her spreading ass and along her thighs, stroking her creamy flesh as I sucked and licked at her. Now she was sitting upright, her knees wide, her shoulders back now and her hands clutching her shapely, firm tits. I could see her twist and pull at her stiff nipples, giving out sweet cries of ecstasy. The more she wiggled into my mouth, the better I liked it. It didn't bother me at all when she smashed her pussy harder into my face. The more she rubbed at my mouth and tongue, the better I liked it. Her moans gave me a need to do more, and I sucked and licked vigorously, the steamy scent exciting me as much as the taste.
"Ooooh, I'm about to come!" She squealed, twisting harder at my mouth. "Make me come! Oh, God... suck me!!!!!!"
I rammed my tongue into her pussy, stuffing it as deep as I could. My lips were wide-apart, and it felt as if my mouth was full of hot, wet pussy. Her pussy was dripping more and more, and I could feel the vibrations of it around my buried tongue. The she began to make yelping sounds, grinding her pussy hard, almost brutally, into my face. I closed my hands into her thighs, and she began to bounce up and down, smashing her twitching cunt at my mouth and tongue. Her yelps turned to soft screams, and she dug at her sensitive tits painfully. She bounced up and down as if she were fucking my tongue, my tongue entering and leaving her pussy.
"Ohhh... now... darling!" She moaned. "Oh God now! Make me come now! My... is on fire... burning up! And I'm going to come in your sweet, sucking mouth!"
The contractions were strong, rippling through her crotch hard. She closed her knees, or tried to. She squeezed my face with her inner thighs, her pussy sucking at my tongue, her clit exploding with mind-shattering spasms of sweet ecstasy. She shook her head, her hair flying about her contorted face.
"Ohhhh, God!" She sobbed. "I can't stand it! I'm coming so hard... I'm coming apart! Eat me! Ohhh, suck my hot, boiling cunt!"
I clung to her contracting cunt with my lips, sucking the juices from it, with my eyes shining past it.
Slowly, She came down from her intense orgasm, gasping. She looked very weak, and had to fight to keep from sitting with her full weight on my face. I kissed and nuzzled into her pussy as she slowly calmed down. I licked at her inner thighs, swirling my tongue around the glory hole.
Still breathless, she looked down at me, her eyes bright and filled with love and passion. Strength was returning to her, and she managed to lift her ass an inch or so.
"Hey is your room sound-proof?" I said lifting up my head from between her legs.
"Why are you ask... Oh my god," She gasped holding her mouth.
"Too late." I coughed holding in a laugh.
"And you let me?"
"Hey you took me all the way I had to the same, besides I am proud of myself right now." I said with a smirk.
"Is the any chance the twins went back to their room?"
"Yeah but they won't snitch. They would probably use it as leverage over one of us." I responded sitting on the floor with my back against the bed.
"Then we will own it if mentioned by one of them, what about mom?" She said lying on her stomach and putting her head next to mine.
"I think she would have intervened... but by the way she was acting today she would probably go touch herself or something." I chuckled. "I could see her now... oh my."
"Don't do it. Oh you're hard, didn't you cum earlier?" She asked reaching for my cock and making small circles with it.
"Yes, I did."
"Wanna cum?" She whispered into my ear.
"Hold your horses b, how about we think of an excuse for your loud vocal art. While doing that wanna grab some lunch away from home?"
"Won't that raise suspicion?"
"Oh that, home lunch then?"
"Yes. Then we can go to the pool."
"I can't swim but I will be there." I said getting up and putting on my pants. "I should probably change if going to swim."
"I can help you with that!" She suggested getting off her bed.
"How about you prepare lunch we will meet in the family room." I said walking towards the door.
"Kill joy." She whispered pouting as I was walking out. I went straight to my room and took a shower. I then went down to Maggie and so far no one mentioned what they had heard or maybe it's because we didn't come in contact with any of them.
"Wanna go to the pool after we eat?"
"I was going to say that right now... What a connection." She said giving me a proud smile. "Didn't you say you can't swim?"
"I'm willing to learn." I grinned.
"Oooh so that's what's on your mind. Well this is going to be hard." She said giving my dick a tap, we ate for a while because of the talking. We finally finished and went to the pool, Maggie was still wearing her bikini and I had on my swimming trunks. The twins were still by the pool and talking about something but seemed to shut up when they noticed us and I am sure we both were thinking the same thing but needed a catalyst to trigger it.
"August you're back! Hi!" Liz said with a smile.
"Hey AJ," Lisa smiled looking at me and waving.
"AJ can you put some sun screen on me?" Liz said with a sexual smile that everyone noticed.
"Isn't Lisa right by you!?"
"Yeah isn't Lisa right by you?" Maggie added with a frown.
"I want you to rub some on me too." Lisa insisted blushing. I looked at Maggie and she nodded, Liz noticed and showed a winning smile.
"I'll be in the pool." Maggie said walking towards the pool.
"Okay give me the thing."
"Be gentle." Liz grinned giving me the sun screen, getting on her stomach and undoing her bikini.
"Shit." I said feeling the rising erection. I got on my knees and started to rub my fingers all over her, I took long because I was already hard and something in my head said, "Don't worry about it, ignore it will go down soon." and I did.
"Aren't you going to finish?" Maggie shouted from the pool.
"You're right." I said taking my hands of Liz and she grabbed my hand.
"You forgot to do the front." She said moving her hand and rubbing it on my hard cock and it was very sensational because of the light fabric between her hand and my hard cock.
"I think I should do Lisa now." I said getting up and skipping over to Lisa's side.
"Pussy!"
"Hey I'm saving it." I said kneeling down next to Lisa. "I think you should relax, it's not like I'm going to rape you or something." Saying this I heard Liz laugh like she called it or something.
"I'm relaxed."
"Of course you are, then don't be intense." I chuckled rubbing my hand on her upper back right above the bikini line.
"Hhm."
"See, now I work." I said after realizing that I had no need to hide my erection, I mean Liz saw it, Maggie did too and Lisa probably got a detailed description on how it was. I finished doing her back and went back to Liz.
"So you do regret turning down my offer?" She asked with a prideful smirk.
"Just turn! And you can be intense because I am thinking about raping you." I replied with a grin.
"Oh no I'm so scared." She said with a low voice, "Give it your best shot." She smirked again getting on her back.
"I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Wow you really are slutty huh? I will want to have sex later, now I want to learn how to swim."
"Hha... hhahaa Shit. That's cold." Lisa laughed without even looking at us.
"How about this..." I said leaning and giving her long passionate kiss.
"No don't go." Liz moaned as I was pulling away and walking away from them.
"Shit am I that good at kissing? So proud." I said quietly and smiling.
"What are you proud of?"
"Oh nothing... CANNON BALL!!" I screamed and jumped in the water thinking that I'll hold my breath till Maggie comes and help me but no, she thought I can swim and was playing a prank on her so I drowned and died.
Chapter 7
"He's coming back... Oh god... he's coming back." Lisa pointed out sounding relived.
"What... is... going... on?" I managed to catch my breath.
"You almost died." Liz said stroking my hair with a relived smile.
"He's not dead can stop crying already!" Lisa shouted.
"Who's crying?"
"Maggie she blames herself for not believing you."
"Okay where is she?" I said standing up.
"Right there. Can you please make her stop." Liz asked pointing at Maggie's direction.
"I'll do what I can." I said with a confident smile like I knew what I was doing and walking towards her.
"Good luck calming her down."
"Oh god she's really crying... Hey Maggie wanna teach me how to swim in return?" I smiled putting my hands on her shoulders from the back. "You really do care about me."
"It's my fault, you almost died." She said sobbing.
"But I'm not so relax. I mean they do say what does not kill you will come back for you so be ready and aware... I think. So... swimming lessons?" Someone might think that I am fucked up for taking death lightly but so far I was cool with death, I didn't mind dying at all. I mean I had sex with the super hot and slutty Liz, met an otaku who knows how to give the best blowjobs and got the girl of my dreams and fucked her and she was happy about it so obviously death will just be going down in glory. But the thought of leaving the broke my heart because for all that I am what I am can not be insultive or painful in return, too much pride.
"Is she still crying?" Liz said coming from behind me.
"Yeah. How are you calm at this? I mean I almost died." I said trying to play the part.
"You didn't stay long in the water and I know CPR so I kinda got that covered."
"Ok."
"Yes I know. I'm great." She said looking up with a smirk.
"Oh god." Maggie sighed getting up.
"Well since that's dealt with, how about we go to my room Lisa's waiting." Liz said giving me a seductive smile.
"Why?" I asked with a grin.
"Don't worry about it. Come on." She insisted slightly pulling my arm.
"Look I think I can't make it today my body feels numb and I think it won't be satisfactory."
"Aw now Lisa will be mad at me. Can't you make an exception?"
"I need to cool down from my trip. I need to rest. Sorry." I said walking away and Maggie following me.
"So by rest you mean fucking? Come on!"
"Ignore it, ignore it, ignore it." Maggie breathed cooling herself down.
"Exactly." I said as we were walking in the door.
"Aren't you coming in?" She asked when we got her door.
"I really need to sleep."
"Want me to join you?"
"Come on then." I said with a big smile then later added a chuckle when Maggie got in.
"Care to share?"
"I'm just thinking about how it's the first you are coming in to my room for something other than games or anime."
"Yeah but you said that you wanted to sleep... I fucked up huh?" She said giving me a really weak and sad smile.
"Yeah... You fucked me... I will fuck you too... In time." I smiled sticking my tongue out.
"Didn't you say you wanted to sleep?"
"Oh yeah that." I said getting on the bed.
"No it's cool." She said taking off her bikini and getting on the bed too.
"Oh god you got a nice body."
"Thank you." She said kissing me. "Last time you ran out on me huh?"
"When was that?" I said returning the kiss.
"Don't worry about it." She said kissing me again.
"Oh that. Sorry I guess." I said returning the favor.
"Don't worry about it." She said giving me a trusting smile. "Now turn around."
"Aw you don't wanna see my face." I said almost laughing.
"No I just want to feel you in my arms." She sighed hugging me from the back and other than the fact that her boobs were warm soft, they made feel better about myself; emotionally and decreased my paranoia.
"You're warm. Your boobs feel warm." I smiled when she put her hands around me.
"Yes." She said putting her head on my back.
"Good night."
"It's afternoon." With that said I slept. When I woke up it was 8 and so far I had no regrets. For some reason it was hard for me to wake up and my body was heavy but it was expected.
"Maggie are you awake?" I called putting my hand where she is sleeping only to find out she wasn't there. "Wow she woke up before me, but what did I expect." I said getting off the bed and towards the bathroom for a long, warm and soothing bath and to take a piss. After I've had my bath I prepared my bed and was ready to go down for dinner, but as soon as I opened the door Lisa was waiting right behind it wearing a black back-lace dress with a side bag and it looked like she was going somewhere or coming from somewhere.
"Hi." She said with a straight face.
"Hey Lisa, are you going somewhere with that dress because I have to say nice choice." I chuckled trying to make her smile or something.
"Do you want to have sex with me?" She said without a change of expression.
"What?"
"You heard me."
"Yeah?"
"Then, you think you can take everything I throw at you?" She said holding my chin and closing the space between our lips and I slowly stepped back until she too was in my room and slightly looked back and closed the door behind her. "If you can't, don't even bother getting started. It's irritating." By now I could feel her breath on my lips.
"Everything? The choice of words is giving me doubts." I thought. "I can take everything you throw at me." I said with enough pride.
"Really? Okay." Saying this I receive a hot slap on my face.
"Uh... What the... Why?" I said holding in my desire to return the favor.
"What? Didn't you say you could take it?" She said looking confused and irritated. "What are you doing? Turn around." She said mostly irritated and almost knowing what I think I agreed to; I didn't resist. "Take off your clothes." Without a word I simply took them off, didn't even slow down when I reached my underwear I mean I was already hard so I couldn't hide it for long.
"What's that?" I said after hearing her open her bag.
"Oh nothing..." She said putting a blindfold over my eyes and tying my hands together. "Hands over your head and lie on your back near the bed."
"Okay." I said going down. "To think I'd be doing this to have sex." I thought and letting out a small sigh.
"A sigh? What? Are you starting to regret your decision?"
"No."
"Then what? Are you embarrassed?" After this I heard her take off her dress and sitting on my bed.
"Oh shit did she just strip in front off me? I want to see." Just thinking about it made my dick twitch. "Just a bit..." I said hoping to lose the blindfold.
"Really?" She asked putting her foot on my dick and slightly moving it but there was a layer between my dick and her finger. "You said you were embarrassed, but what's with this thing huh? Does embarrassment excite you?" She said moving her foot more.
"No... That's not it... I was just thinking about you being naked." I slightly chuckled then smirked.
"Is that so?" Now it sounded like she was taking something else off and throwing it on my dick, it felt thin. "So you want to see? You'll have to earn it." She said putting her fingers in my mouth. "Now suck!"
"I got this far and besides good scent, no nails sticking out and I got this far." I said preparing to suck and I did it like a boss.
"Hoo... You're pretty good, you know that? Follow my voice and get on the bed in the same position." Last time I'm ever doing that again.
"Okay." I said getting on the bed. "This is way better than the mat." I thought, after a few seconds I felt the bed shake as if though she was standing on it and heading towards me.
"So," She said taking off the blindfold. "Do you want to see the inside?" She said rubbing her underwear.
"Yes I do!" I almost laughed at the fact that I sounded almost like a kid.
"Then close your eyes again."
"Finally." I smiled with a sigh.
"Open them." I almost chocked when I opened my eyes to see that she already was in the 69 position. "Are you satisfied?"
"Yes I am." After hearing thing this she presses her groin into my face.
"Ah... So good... Try moving your tongue a bit more..." She moaned while her hand was moving towards my hard dick and slowly leaning towards it. Feeling her warm breath made dick twitch and she gulped it just when it did and started sucking it fully and intensely pushing me over the edge.
"If you're so intense, I'll cum!" I said with a deep groan.
"WHAT!?" She growled squeezing my dick. "Who said you can finish this quickly?" She said loosening her grip on my dick. "I didn't even get started." She said giving my cock one last lick before getting up and getting ready to put me inside her.
"Wow." I said with a smile.
"What?" She said lowering her self till she had all of me inside her. "You like what you see?"
"Yes."
"I admire that look on your face it's very rare, it's like you're proud of something that gives me a need to get it. You see, there's something I always think about having sex. Don't you think it's the girl who fucks the boy and not the other way around?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean I'm the one who's in control of everything. Do you want to know something else?" She said leaning towards my ear and lifting herself from my dick a little.
"Yes, What?"
"I'm am about to fuck you." With that said she went down and rocking her hips as if she had been fucking me for a while and I could see it in her face that she was not, but was like the reason she was enjoying it. I could even hear the sounds her pussy was making while she rode me and her breathing was just as audible. Her hands pressed on my chest like she was doing CPR, me gasping and groaning like there was no tomorrow and with my hands still tied all I could do as watch, and it was intense. "Tell me, does it feel good?" She said slowing down and putting her hand on my cheek.
"Yeah, really good!"
"Really?" She cooed stopping. "Well how about we try something new." She said changing the pattern of her movements and started moving in circular motions on my dick. Going faster she eventually lost this pattern and continued with her rocking movements.
"I'm about to cum!" I said groaning or moaning. [Since I was the one being fucked.]
"What!?" She said slapping me again and this time it was harder than last time. "Who said you could? I'm just getting started."
"But you know if you keep doing that I will not be able to hold it let alone warn you." She just looked at me with disappointment. "What? It's not my fault you're that good." I said hoping she would continue meanwhile she was untying my hands and sitting on the bed facing me.
"Impress me." She said spreading her legs and smirking at me.
"Now you wanna get fucked?" I asked returning the smirk and moving towards her. "Do you want to know something?" I said positioning myself between her legs and inserting my dick in her half way. "I'm about to fuck you." With that I started fucking her, with every pull I took it out to the tip and thrust it back in with full speed. I admired the fact that I got a gasp every time I got in. Later the gasps turned into moans and the more she moaned the more I increased speed and force. I mean she slapped me and pretty hard too.
"Harder... Do... it... harder!" She screamed between moans and wrapping her arms and legs around me and pulling me deeper and her pussy got tighter. I managed to get my hands around her neck and started fucking her more vigorously and was not holding back. After a while I noticed she was shaking and realized she was cumming and since I was close to cumming myself warning her would go in vain so I increased my pace some more and felt my balls churning up. With three more deep thrusts we were both gasping for air in orgasm, her shaking got more intense, grip got tighter and her eyes rolled back with her mouth wide and screaming with joy.
After a few seconds of cumming she passed out below me, I tried to escape her grip but I had nowhere to go so I just accepted my position a just relaxed and kept my weight off her, she looked peaceful after cumming and more relaxed. She woke up and let me get off her. "Wow so I passed out? You must be good... Well what's there to be said?" She said getting off the bed and taking her dress and side bag to the bathroom and coming back just as she got in. "I enjoy spending time with you AJ so I will be coming back." She said smiling and leaving the room.
I waited a while before I could go downstairs and after that while I decided to go and just as I was opening the door Liz was waiting there with a big smile on her face wearing a blue gown.
Chapter 8
"So..." She said with an even bigger smile. "How was it? Tell me everything!" She continued letting herself in.
"Firstly, this is my room. Secondly, what are you talking about?" I asked closing the door and walking towards her.
"You know what I'm talking about, Lisa what did she do?" She giggled sitting on the bed.
"Oh that... She fucked me." I said holding in a laugh. "But I returned the favor." I bursting out in laughter but it got old too quick.
"No not that I mean what did she do?"
"Oh so you want to hear everything?" I said sitting down next to her. "Here's what happened, see she..." With that I started relaying what happened and making sure not involve any emotions because at some point I felt like Lisa told her to find out my views on what she did and if she wanted to know that she'll have to come to me, and knowing she won't made me feel great. We talked for a while and for the first time we were having a decent talk, about families, past experiences and all that. She even asked me for advice and we eventually slept together, no sex she just slept in my arms and it really made me feel like I was an older brother. I eventually slept with a big ass smile on my face.
"Dude wake up."
"What... Ah shit... Liz?"
"What?" Liz said waking up next to me but lower. "What's up?" She said putting her head next to mine on the pillow. "Shit!" She said after seeing that Maggie was standing right next to the bed.
"Get out... Now!" Maggie growled while Liz was trying to turn invisible. "I said..."
"Ok, ok damn." Liz said as she got out of the bed with her blue pajamas and taking her gown which was on the chair and mumbling something on her way out.
"You know if she was not wearing her pajamas I would be chocking you now."
"I know that... So what's up?" I said rubbing my hair.
"Take a bath, eat breakfast and meet me in my room. We're spending the day out." She said giving the "don't disappoint me" glance and she seemed like had forgotten about what she just saw. "It's 9 now, be ready by 10:30... am." She said getting out of the room I just said ok and went towards the bathroom and since I did not have sex last night or this morning. I was not going to take a bath instead I took a shower and decided that I will change my clothes when I reach 10 but for now I'm going plain.
I was still tired and very hungry but as usual Susan had prepared a great breakfast and made mine more because last night I didn't eat dinner so the exception was made to fill me up good. Too bad I can not show true appreciation because Susan deserved it and lots of it she was almost like a real mother to me, well except for the way she has been looking at me while I was eating. Liz kept on grinning at me and it was very sloppy because I was sure that Susan could see us. Other than to call us off or something she just smiled at me like she was encouraging it.
I hoped that Lisa would at least smile at me but she was still cold at me like nothing happened last night. I thought about reminding her but it looked like it was a very desperate move and every time I tried to instigate a conversation between me and her but Susan was paying deep attention. After eating I went to the kitchen with my plate and Susan followed me. "It seems like the girls have earned a liking to you." She said coming from behind me.
"Yeah. It looks like I am starting... Well am fitting in." I almost laughed at the weak pun and then Susan chuckled like she got what I meant.
"Well good for you." She said taking the plate from me and washing it while humming a song.
"Um... Susan." I called out after deciding on what to call her.
"Yes darling?" She responded while drying the plate and putting it away.
"What do you do all this time at home all day?"
"You know the usual; clean up, read a magazine, watch tv, do a couple of transactions. You know the usual."
"So you work at home." I said positioning myself with my back against the fridge, "Nice." I said after seeing her smile and I was not going to stop now. It seemed like she liked to talk about herself because the more I asked it was the happier she got. That just made me happy to find out that all I needed to do was to just give her attention. Her laugh and smile when I complimented her and showed admiration just made me purely happy and it seemed to decrease her perversion level a bit but she still gave me that perverted smile but less occasionally. Before I knew it, it was 10:15, and that I noticed when I heard Lisa say something about it going upstairs and decided to follow her but I went to Maggie's room. "So what's the occasion?" I asked jumping into Maggie's room.
"I was just coming to check up on you so... Dude the fuck!? Why aren't you dressed?" She said getting out of the bathroom fixing her hair. She was wearing a white t-shirt, dark blue jacket, blue jeans and white sneakers.
"Nice." I said admiring the view. I found it odd that I was intending on wearing all blue but fuck that for now. "So what's the occasion?"
"I'm taking you out so go get dressed already." She pouted.
"Okay I'll be back." I said getting out of the room. I was really not expecting Maggie to take me out on a date and it seemed like she had planned everything. She looked very happy when she showing me certain places and telling me about those places and the memories she had in them. The day went on quickly. To all the places we went people were looking at us like we were actually dating not that I had problem with it but come on. When it got dark she decided that it was time to go home and after a long day of walking, talking, driving and all that I really needed the rest. When we got home I got 2 of her amazing blowjobs, at some point she seemed like she was enjoying this more than me; she wouldn't even let me return the favor because apparently she did it because she wanted to do it.
I went to my room feeling heavy but that was expected, I took a shower and felt a little better about myself going to sleep. I woke up feeling much better than I slept, had breakfast and continued with doing the usual. As the day was nearing its end; I noticed that Maggie was looking at me like she was supervising me and it was getting weird because she did this the whole week. She made sure that I was never out of sight and when I asked her about it she would blow me just to change the subject. I was surprised at how things were progressing between us; she started smiling more and she started calling me Jay more frequently, making her the second person to do that. I was happy that someone cared about that much but it started to look like she considered me reckless near the twins.
Thursday night when I was getting out of Maggie's room I decided to go down stairs for a glass of water but when I got there I chose juice. I went back upstairs and I was surprised to find that my bedroom door was open but just thought that I opened it then went downstairs so I just got in and closed the door. "Hi there..." Liz said hugging me from the back nibbling on my left ear, "So you've been avoiding me all this time?"
"You think that I was avoiding you?" I sarcastically asked walking towards the bed while dragging her. "How cute..."
"Yes, you think I didn't notice," She said letting go of me. "Always spending time with Maggie just because she has bigger boobs than me?" She asked walking toward the door closing it and dimming the lights to a point that the room almost looked dark.
"What's with you and assump," She cut me off pushing me onto the bed.
"But it doesn't matter anymore; I've been holding myself all this time," She said getting on top of me. "I want you..." She said smelling my neck. "In me... Now and it seems like you want me too." She continued while feeling up my hard cock.
I responded with a smirk and said, "Well convince me." She pulled off my pants, got on top of me and pushed her pajama shorts to the side and sat on top of me without putting it in. With my dick pressed against my stomach and her wet and plump pussy on top of it I started feeling like she was provoking me but it felt so good; it was like my dick was in a warm, smooth, wet bath. I knew that it could get better and I did want more but for now it was all good. She leaned over to my ear and said something but I wasn't listening I just thought she was just smelling my neck again and the only thing I heard was fff. She started moving up and down my dick using her pussy lips, slowly going up and down lubricating my hard dick with her juices.
It was torture and it started to feel like she was trying to dominate me and I hated that especially with someone who was not remotely above me. So I thrust up breaking her balance and flipping her over, immediately thrusting my dick in her as forceful as I could. "YESSS!!!" She screamed out. "THAT'S WHAT I WANTED!!!" She started digging her fingers in to my back lustfully. It was like a blackout for me because the only thing I heard was her yes but I was still thrusting like I was raping her. Then I remembered about how she said the liked IT, at that moment I fell back into control. I reached with my hand and pulled down her vest and her boobs popping out and jiggling a little. I grabbed one boob with my right hand, fondled it and stared licking it forcefully. She gave another high pitched yes followed by her holding on tighter to me and locking me using her legs forcing my thrusts to go deeper.
I stopped thrusting and heard a very weak no it almost sounded like it echoed. I moved my head over to her ear, gritted my teeth and aggressively whispered, "Shut the fuck up!" I heard her gasp or maybe she cooed but then she immediately let go of me; it was almost like she was backing down from a fight. I wanted to say thank you but I was in character and I was not planning on stopping. I started thrusting again and this time I was making sure to push her up the bed when I did, she reached for a pillow and put it over her head to cover her moans and gasping but it was not fully working.
I slowed down while I was putting my hands under her and reaching for her shoulders and this position was great. I started fucking her at a more vigorous pace, with every thrust I would pull her shoulders down increasing the impact and making a little soft and squishy noise every time. She gasped, moaned, squealed and at some point she let go of the pillow with one hand and threw it across the room. She put her hands on her eyes and started saying, "Oh no, oh no," over and over while shaking her head and with a big smile on her face and even though I was playing the rapist it looked cute.
I knew that she was about to cum and it has been hard holding back for the last minute. I decided to take out my last trick for her; doggy style, not that I had noted to my self but last time but I got a positive reaction but right now the problem was the execution. I thought about giving the command, "FLIP!" but would be to confusing, then I thought about asking her to flip but that would ruin to mood big time. Then I remembered that I needed to cum, so I pulled out, got off the bed, pulled her legs turning her, grabbing her waist, flipping her, pulling her hips up and immediately pushing my dick in her and getting a very satisfying gasp when I hit her cervix. Honestly I felt really happy when pushed my dick back in her; I felt like I was gonna fuck up and have my dick collide with her shorts.
I stated thrusting again and this time I was using her hips for support. "Oh god!" she moaned reaching for the other pillow and putting it over her face and screaming. "I'M CUMMING!!!!" She squealed, her pussy tightened 3 times than it usually is and I'm saying this because my movements started to slow down but that was no reason to stop because her pussy tightening made me want to thrust harder and faster. My legs started feeling weak, my shoulders feeling heavy and I didn't have to wait for my balls to tighten to tighten my grip and fuck faster. With my last 2 grunts I knew it was over, I pushed forward creaming all of her tight, juicy insides with my hot juice. I didn't notice that she was still having her orgasm when I pulled out. I stretched a little and sat by the bed on the floor catching my breath and so far; I was proud of my self.
"Oh god I love this guy!" She said holding my face and kissing my cheek. "How did you know?"
"Know what? That I am amazing? Bitch please... you should see me with my shirt off."
She laughed. "You really are amazing. No wonder why Maggie was hording you all this time."
"I mean if that happened to not work I was going to stick it up your ass." I chuckled.
"Reeally?" She exclaimed with glow in her eyes.
"Damn what's with that reaction?"
"So tell me have you and"
"Um Jay are you ok?" Maggie said knocking on the door.
"Maggie? I'm coming." It might look like I'm being reckless but no I mean the room was dark and the window was open so most of the sex was blown out.
"Are you ok? I heard banging on the wall."
"I'm fine,"
"Are you? You're sweating smartass."
"Oh that I was detoxing by sweating it out. You know by doing push ups and shit."
"Well just so you know I'm not mad and look its okay." She said putting her hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry about it and I don't mind I just didn't expect it to happen. So goodnight,"
"Goodnight hug?" I smiled holding my arms open.
"Fuck no you're covered in sweat. Just go to sleep I'll see you tomorrow for breakfast." She said strolling away with a smile.
"She's cool, I wonder what her pussy tastes like," Liz chuckled. "Dude I'm sore..." She whined spreading her legs on the bed. "Opps bad idea,"
"Um she's your sister?"
"And she's your cousin and we fucked happily ever after. So she knows? Her reaction was a little off thou, I mean I expected something else."
"Yeah it looked a little sad." I said walking to my phone to check the time because I was already sick of the bitch. Nah just fucking with you, I just wanted to see the length of how long I was fucking and I wasn't impressed, but that didn't matter she came several times and that's the second reason I fuck. "Oh look at this a message from Maggie."
Maggie: I was talking about me lashing out because of the game.
August: Don't worry about it, I knew what you meant.
Maggie: Really? I felt really weird when I thought about it. Well thank you for understanding.
August: Understanding hug?
Maggie: Dyou take shower?
August: Yes?
Maggie: Your lies smell like sweat. Um J I've been meaning to ask you about this but do you ever think about your girlfriend?
"Yeah I've been thinking about that too. Do you AJ ever think about Jenny?" Liz said giving me a very slow shoulder massage for some reason.
"Wait you're still here?"
"Hey don't mind me just answer the question."
"Then don't talk, react, reply or even move a muscle unless it involves leaving the room."
"That's rude." She said stopping her massage and tightening her grip.
"I'm just fucking with you! Chill. I mean come on that reaction is suggesting that we can fuck each other but fucking with each other is wrong? Just relax and don't stop using your hands."
Maggie: J?
August: Sorry just went to the bathroom. What as the question again?
Maggie:!!?
August: I think about her every time and really feel that I can not function if I don't. I really really really love her and I feel like not doing so will drown me in magma.
Maggie: Aw that's so sweet when was the last time you talked to her?
August: Approximately 3 days ago and I've been trying since.
Maggie: Did you use "approximately" just to sound smart?
August: Iamsmart.
Maggie: Of course you are.
"Yeah don't worry about it."
"Why are you still here?"
Maggie: Are you planning on visiting her?
August: Can't say.
Maggie: Well you should and you will. Tomorrow you are going to visit your girlfriend without those things...?
August: Exceptions?
Maggie: Yes, now go to sleep don't forget to take a shower you smell like you had sex with a (offline)
"What the fuck was that? What the fuck was she going to say? Was she going to say pig? Does she know?! What the fuck!?" Liz said while digging her fingers in to my back and I was really glad she doesn't sharpen her nails because I would be screaming by now.
"Relax she wasn't going to say pig she was probably going to say "Human" or "Human female" so chill. Oh and she knows, she just doesn't know how to react because she feels kinda guilty."
"Who even talks like that? Wait she knows and this about guilt is it about the game? It is about the game ain't it? That's so stupid!"
"Alright now get out, I wanna take a shower."
"Yeah, bye I had a nice night." She said coming to me and giving me a perk on the cheek and walking out. I took a shower right after she left and took at nap right away. Maggie came to me while I was sleeping, got in bed, hugged me and went to sleep right there while hugging me. I honestly started to feel like a doll because she slept right after hugging me.