This is my entry to the Winter Holidays Contest, 2020. Please vote, via stars. Also, if you'd like to leave a comment, I would love that!
A virgin at age 25, Lana wakens to a sex life of complex wants and needs
Warning:This story is a first time story, where Lana not only finally experiences the joys of sex, but realizes she's bisexual. There is group sex in the story.
**
Gloom. The weather fit my mood. I kind of liked it. I liked watching the rain fall, knowing I was warm, safe, and dry, indoors at my parents' home, with every convenience known to modern man, even if I was a classic representative of the modern American woman. I'd been furloughed, of course, then got 'the virus,' and was now recuperating, back at the ancestral home in Indiana, with my mother waiting on me hand and foot. I was no longer contagious, and no longer even sick, but tell that to Mom.
The rain kept changing just enough to keep my attention. Sometimes I would watch 'Lake Owens,' as I called the low point in my parents' driveway. The lake would form during a serious rain, and then gradually evaporate when the storm blew over. There was a similar low point on my parent's lawn, but Dad had planted a weeping willow tree there, and such trees are always thirsty; they can never have enough water. It was a good solution, since it worked perfectly. He couldn't plant one in the middle of the driveway, however, whence Lake Owens.
The rain made Lake Owens turbulent, and I remembered how, years ago, my little brother used to go out in the rain, to Mom's consternation, and play with his toy boat in the lake, imagining the Revolutionary War battles of the Great Lakes. This storm had a lot of wind with it; so much wind, in fact, I could hear it howling, and occasionally even rattling the windows. Consequently, the rain would fall straight down, then slant to the right, and once even it slanted backwards, away from the house.
Next, I'd watch the little rivulets of water flowing into Lake Owens, and the rain overflowing our roof gutters because Dad was tardy in cleaning the fallen leaves out of them. There'd be waterfalls from the roofline down to the plants alongside our home. Everything was wet. Everything was soaking wet. The grass had turned that beautiful shade of green that everyone -- especially me -- loves, and I knew it would stay that color green for at least a good, long day after the storm ended.
It was romantic. There's something about the gloom of a rainy day that fosters thoughts of romance in a girl, and if I am anything, anything at all, I'm a girl. I know several boys, right here in our Indiana small town where I grew up, who could swear in a court of law that I'm a girl, having verified that actual fact in the back seats of various cars. None of them, however, had yet succeeded to make me a woman. I kind of doubted any of them would, either, not that I wasn't ready. I was ready. Hell, I was already 25 years old! I was Eveready, you know, like the battery? Not the Energizer Bunny, just the battery. Reliable, and full of power: That was me. Nobody had taken the plastic off my positively charged end, and I seriously doubted any of the boys I currently knew would be given the chance.
As I was daydreaming about how they might try, and how I would outwit them as I always did, and watching the rain fall onto Lake Owens, growing it the way rainfall grows lakes, my romantic, introspective mood, was shattered as the shrill voice of my mother penetrated the comforting, dulling, drone of falling rain, as well as my carefully curated gloom, as she called out, "Lana! Where are you my dear?"
Where else would I be, but in the guest room, watching the rain, watching the millions of raindrops splash onto Lake Owens, piercing through the gloom with my baby blue eyes, thinking of romance? I stayed silent.
"There you are!" came the shrill voice of Mom, as she opened the door of the guest room, turning on the light in the process, destroying the gloom I had been enjoying. I knew my time of delightful, gloomy, romantic self-absorption was over. What would it be? Another cup of herbal tea? Some cookies she had just baked? I could smell the cookies; the wonderful smell of freshly baked cookies washed into the room right along with Mom. Nothing ruins gloom better than freshly baked cookies; even the smell of them dispelled that wonderful, ethereal feeling of gloom, so perfectly designed for self-pity. *sigh* To top it all, Mom makes a good cookie. A very good cookie. From flour, butter, sugar and a little baking powder, she creates a wonderful gustatory delight in the heaven of delicious reassurance.
"I just got off the phone with Martha Silvers. You know, the nice lady from temple? You'll never believe what she proposed!" Mom said.
A bake-off for an oneg shabat? A long walk in the rain? Buying seats on the next Elon Musk trip to outer space? An engine swap for the men between our car and theirs? Visiting a strip club? A husband swap? Muay Thai? Learning sorcery together? I couldn't guess.
"I can't guess, Mom. Want to tell me?" I asked.
"Her nephew is coming to town this weekend, and she proposed that you show him around. Entertain him, you know? He's apparently awkward with girls, and she thinks you're just the ticket to bring him out of his shell, you know? I must say, if anyone can, it's you. After all, you have hot and cold boys coming after you constantly," Mom said.
"Mostly hot boys," I mumbled, in reply. Give me some credit.
"What?" came the shrill voice of Mom. Mom's a little hard of hearing. I longingly looked out the window at Lake Owens, but the mood I had conjured, cultivated, and cajoled into a lovely existence was now gone, not to be regained. Damn.
"Nothing," I said. "Is he a nephew on Martha's side, or her husband's side?" I couldn't imagine anyone related to Martha Silvers having sex. Ever.
"Martha's not married, honey," Mom said. Oh. Well, that makes sense.
"You and the Silvers woman want me to go on a blind date? What century are you living in? Wait; don't answer that. I'm sorry, Mom, but I can't. I'm busy," I said.
"What are you doing this entire weekend that prevents you from entertaining this nice man for an evening, or a few hours in the afternoon?" Mom asked, rather accusingly, you might say.
You know, maybe I could, after all, recover the gloom I so desperately crave? "Have you seen the state of my toenails, and my feet in general, Mom? I need a pedicure so badly, it's not funny. I need my eyebrows done, too; and my hair? My hair is a train wreck. A good leg waxing and a bikini wax are long overdue. Sorry, but there's just no time to fit in the Slivers nephew, too. Why don't you ask Helen Howe?"
Everyone knows Helen is a slut, and she is doing her own survey of the sizes and shapes of men's erect penises, and how they feel inside her, in all three holes. Everyone knows that. If anyone could wake up a shy, impotent relative of that strange, sexless woman, Martha Silvers, it would have to be Helen. He'd have to meet her standards, though: He'd have to be male, heterosexual, and breathing. Well, come to think of it, he wouldn'thaveto be male. Helen is pan sexual. Mostly, she's just sexual.
"Helen is a good idea, she's such a nice girl, but Martha asked me to ask you, and personally. I would like you to go out with him; as a favor to me," Mom said. "Also, she wants a girl within the faith, and Helen is not."
"Why me, though, Mom? Blind dates are so twentieth century!" I said. "I would be mortified to be on a blind date. My toenails are not going to paint themselves, you know."
"Wear closed shoes," Mom said.
"What happens when he gets me naked in the back of his rented, gas guzzling, monster of a car, spreads my legs, and sees my toenails? The horror! The horror!" I said, trying not to giggle when I saw Mom's face. "He'll retreat so far back into his shell, even Helen's talented tongue and mouth wouldn't be able to coax him out."
"Where on God's Green Earth did you learn to speak like that?" Uh-oh; Mom was angry. Humor is not her thing. "Go brush your teeth. No cookies for you, who talks to your own mother like that!" I didn't remind her that I'm twenty-five years old, and was only 'at home,' due to Dad's ill health, and then my ill health, all due to the pandemic.
**
I was allowed to devour the cookies (boy-oh-boy does Mom bake great cookies!), and in return I got more or less forced, well, pressured, or maybe cajoled, or entreated, or maybe all of that, into going on the first -- and I'm sure the last -- blind date of my life. Where, oh where, is my self-respect? Why-oh-why-oh-why-oh; Why did I ever leave Ohio? I had been happy in Cincinnati, with a decent apartment on Mount Adams, commanding a wonderful view of downtown and the river. It had just been this bleeping virus that had forced me to come home. First, I helped to take care of Dad, who had a bad case, and then as my reward, I got a worse case! I had barely avoided going to the hospital.
I called Helen for advice. I know Helen is a slut, but we've been best friends forever since second grade, and no amount of depraved sexual activity on Helen's part with men, or with women either for that matter, if that's what she wants, and on occasion it is, is going to change the fact that we love each other, and we will forever.
Helen gave me good, loving advice. She told me what to wear, what perfume to use, what color to paint my toenails, and whether or not to shave "down there." In case you're curious: Luckily, trimming is acceptable these days.
"Are you still a virgin?" Helen asked.
"I was one when you asked me last week, and I haven't seen a male member of the species, other than Dad and my brother Carl, since then," I said.
"Maybe you'll like him? What's his name?"
"Maybe I'll have another vision of the Virgin Mary?" I replied. It seemed just as likely.
"Anything's possible. Wait a minute, aren't you Jewish?" Helen asked.
"Yep. Just like the Virgin Mary was. There are differences, though: I live in a house, not a barn, and I'm 25 and have never been pregnant, and in particular I didn't give birth at the age of 13," I said.
"Maybe you'll like him? You never know. All I'm saying -- and this is the voice of experience speaking, as you well know -- bring some condoms along, just in case," Helen said.
"How many?" I asked. I was suppressing a giggle. Like it was going to happen that I'd need condoms, on a first date, let alone on a blind date. Get a grip, Helen.
"Two three packs are what I bring," she said.
"Six condoms?? Do you think he might be Adonis or something?" I asked. I knew she was teasing.
"Want me to drop some off? You probably don't have any," she said, but she meant it kindly.
"I have one I bought three years ago, you know, just in case?" I replied. I realized I sounded pathetic.
"I'll drop some by. Toss the old one. When's your date?" she asked.
"In three hours."
"I'll be there in 30 minutes. Remember, always start with a blowjob. It sets the mood. Youhavegiven guys blowjobs, right?" Helen asked. She knew I had; she was just being mean, or maybe forgetful; perhaps she had better things to do than to monitor my non-existent sex life.
"Bring your brother Dylan over, and I can practice on him. You know, to get me in the mood?" I deadpanned. I do a great deadpan, if I do say so myself. Helen's brother is two years older and a hunk. I do mean a hunk, too. I had had a crush on him since I was 14. I wouldn't mind blowing him, actually. "You can kibitz, while I blow him, if you want. Should I be naked for him, too? You know, to help him get hard?"
"Kibitz? What does that mean? Never mind; Hank's not home. He's in the Army, remember?" Helen replied. He asked for a weekend leave near Christmas, though. Of course, I remembered Hank was in the military. Helen just doesn't understand my humor. She never had. Come to think of it, nobody understands my humor. Well, maybe my blind date, George, will get it? I'd stand a better chance with the Virgin Mary.
**
Mom answered the door. I heard her shrill voice carry all the way up the stairs, where Helen and I were huddling, me in dread, and Helen in total amusement. It's nice that my misfortune can supply such pleasure to my best friend forever, right? No.
I finished applying the rouge and mascara and I took a deep breath, exhaling slowly, as I went downstairs, seeing George Rosen, standing at the bottom of the stairs, looking up my short skirt as I descended. He may be a blind date, but least he's not blind, after all. George's reverie at seeing a girl in a short skirt and dark gray holdup stockings, with right red lace, bikini cut panties, was no doubt broken with the shrill exclamation of dear old Mom, who announced how nice it was of George to give me such a pretty bouquet of long-stemmed red roses.
"Yes, it is. Thank you, George. Mom, will you be a dear and put them in water for me?" I couldn't wait to get out of the house. Helen came rushing downstairs; I knew she wanted to get a gander at how much I'd have to suffer on my blind date. To our joint surprise, George Rosen was a hunk! He was a handsome devil of a man, age 31, I had learned from dear old Mom, courtesy of the yenta Martha Silvers. Six years older? I could live with that.
Helen pretended to faint from the shock of seeing Adonis himself in front of her. I'm sure she was thinking it's a good thing I had six condoms in my purse! Helen herself had told me, however, that the most condoms she had ever needed on a single evening date (unless it was an overnight) was three. Six seemed a highly optimistic overkill. "Better safe than sorry," Helen had said.
"The average number of condoms I've needed during my extensive dating over the last five years is zero, Helen," I had replied, and sadly, that's not because I'm reckless.
"Things are about to change, honey," she replied.
"Why?"
"You had a vision of the Virgin Mary, right?" she asked.
"That was in a dream, Helen. It was not a real vision," I replied.
"Oh, are you an expert on visions, now?" Helen asked.
"Stands to reason, is all," I replied. "Besides, why should having a vision of a virgin, even one named Mary, change my luck with men?"
Helen just smiled. I hate when she does that.
Anyway, back to the gorgeous hunk of masculinity who was my blind date, as I floated down the stairs, glad that I had worn my pretty, red lace panties (since George had enjoyed looking at them already, I'm sure), he stood smiling, waiting for me. I reached the bottom of the stairs and he seemingly most naturally took me into his arms and kissed me, right on the lips! We hadn't even yet exchanged names, pleasantries, or anything! Mom was in the kitchen so she didn't see it happen, but Helen sure did!
Okay, I admit it, I was in shock, but what did I do? I kissed him right back and even opened my mouth! It's my fucking submissive nature rearing its dangerous head, once again. Our tongues became acquainted and we only broke the kiss when Helen whispered into my ear that my Mom was returning from the kitchen, no doubt to show us how lovely the roses looked in her crystal vase. George heard Helen's whisper too, and he removed his hands from cupping my ass, which they had been doing so delightfully.
I've always wondered how Mom can have crystal vases and not keep shattering them with her voice? Oh yeah: they're lead crystal. The lead must absorb the shock of Mom's voice.
"I'm Lana. Lana Owens. This is my friend Helen Howe. You're George?" I said, wiping the saliva from my lips before Mom could see it. Given how he looked I fully expected him to reply, "No, Bond. James Bond." It was not to be.
"George. George Rosen. I'm delighted to meet you, and thank you for agreeing to go out with me tonight, sight unseen," my date the hunk said.
"My pleasure. Sight unseen is my best view, I'm told," I joked.
"Someone's lying to you," George the Masher said. Meanwhile, my Mom was frantically gesturing to me in maternal sign language that I had forgotten to apply lipstick. I hadn't forgotten, of course, but it was lost inside the beautiful kisses of George the Masher. He really knew how to introduce himself to a girl! I excused myself and re-applied my lipstick, and George whisked me off.
**
"Your car is beautiful. I've never seen one like it," I said, as George drove down the driveway and negotiated Lake Owens. It was still raining cats and dogs, but somehow, nevertheless, I had lost my melancholy. Before you ask, no, it's never rained men in my small town; only small domestic animals. I do, though, love the song about raining men. Now I was wondering what it was about George that made Martha Silvers claim he was in a shell, and had "trouble with girls?" So far, at least, he seemed to be batting a thousand with me.
"It's a Tesla. All electric. Good for the environment," George replied.
"Nice," I said. I was impressed.
We fell into a pleasant silence until I broke it when I became alarmed. "Where are we going, George? I thought we were going to dinner? You're heading out of town."
"I'm in the mood for a great steak. You do like steak, don't you? Oh no, are you a vegetarian or something? A lot of women are. I should have thought to ask," George said. He seemed nervous.
"Steak is fine with me, George, no worries, but we're heading into open country. Are you planning to shoot a cow or something?" I asked. Thiswasdeep Indiana, after all.
"We're going to Joe's Bar and Grill, out of town a piece, along Route 79. Do you know it?"
"I've never been there, and it is in fact reputed to have great steaks, but what do you know about it? How did you hear of it?" I nervously asked.
"My Aunt Martha recommended it. Best steaks in the county, she said."
"Your Aunt Martha recommended it? To bring me there? Has she been to it, herself?" I asked, sure that she had not.
"No, she's going by reputation. I checked it on Trip Advisor, too. High marks," George said.
"Uh...I'm not sure it's a good choice for a first date, George," I said.
"No steak on a first date?" George seemed genuinely puzzled.
"No, the food is supposed to be great, and I like steak, I do, it's just that..."
"Well, it's settled then. Anyway, I'm sure we'll just enjoy getting to know each other," he said.
"Yes, but you know, my friend from high school, Debbie Williams, is a waitress there, and..."
"Oh, my! I hope you're not embarrassed to be seen with me? Is this Debbie judgmental?" George said. He looked upset.
"No, no, it's not that, not at all. It's just the outfits the waitresses wear, or don't wear," I said.
"I don't care how the wait staff is dressed," he said.
"Well, you might in this case. Debbie has lovely breasts, I'm sure, but really George this may not be a good..."
"I'm sure you have lovely breasts too, Lana. You're not in competition with anyone, you know," he said.
"The waitresses are topless, George!" I said, finally spitting it out. "Sometimes they sit on your lap and feed your steak to you, while rubbing their boobs on your chest. Or so I hear." There. I managed to get it out.
"Well that sounds horrible, intervening in our meal like that. I eat my own steak, thank you very much. I'll just decline that service. I imagine you will, too. We'll simply tell them to leave us alone. The customer is always right, after all. The important thing is the food," George said.
I was stunned. Maybe he didn't hear the part about the waitresses being topless? Or it just didn't register with him? I'd also heard that Joe's Bar and Grill charges double the going rates for their food, presumably because (1) it's higher quality, and (2) it's served via pretty, topless waitresses. Before I could marshal up another volley to talk George out of going to Joe's, we were there, running in the pouring rain to the canopy over the entry. The doorman ushered us in.
Boobs were everywhere as we were led to a table, and I think I was checking out the surround-boob-orama effect more than was George. He was checking out the food on other customers' tables. "This place looks great!" he said.
Our waitress came, almost sticking her boobs in George's face. She had large, dark areolas, with perfectly centered nipples which were, of course, erect. The place was freezing, making every woman's nipples erect, including mine. Probably it was cold for precisely that reason. I could hear the thunderous sound of rain pelting the tin roof of Joe's bar and grill. They tried to drown out the drone of rain with much too loud background music, the end effect being that the place was amazingly noisy, and it was hard for George and me to hear each other.
Debbie Williams spotted me and came over to say hi. Being the only female customer at the place, it felt as if everyone noticed me! I saw a few men I know, and somehow -- unlike George -- I doubted they had come there exclusively for the food. Debbie got boobs early on, in 6th grade, and she always had the biggest boobs around. This was noticed by the adolescent boys in school, and she always, always had a date, every weekend night, Friday and Saturday both. Rumors had it she put out for the guys, too, even at a young age, and then continuously, probably right up to, and including, the present. My slutty BFF Helen was not even close to being in Debbie's league when it came to slutty behavior. Debbie's sexual behavior, however, was none of my business, and not my problem. Maybe it was nobody's problem, not even Debbie's? I focused exclusively on Debbie's sweet personality.
"Great to see you, Debbie!" I said, after she had come to our table, and I had introduced her to George, who seemed to pay no attention to Debbie having her boobs out, only inches from his face.
"Right back at you, Lana. You're a bit overdressed here, don't you think? You're the only woman here with covered boobs," Debbie teased. Debbie giggled at her own joke.
"I'm also, so far, the only woman customer here," I replied, speaking the obvious, as sometimes I am wont to do. There were lots of men there, however. Give the intense rain, it was surprising how many men had come for a good steak dinner, perhaps because it was accompanied by all the boobs their eyes could absorb.
"Touché. But feel free to let those babies out. I'll bet your boobs are gorgeous," Debbie said. She turned to George. "What do you think, Mr. Rosen? Does Lana have gorgeous boobs, or what?"
"Excuse me?" George replied. He was flustered by the question. "I've been studying the menu. Are all the steaks Black Angus, or is it just the filet mignon?"
"I'll get your waitress," Debbie said, and she gave me a look that said, 'what's his problem?' I silently mouthed the words 'blind date' to her, and she tried not to, but she couldn't stop herself: She giggled.
George ended up with the filet mignon, a 'loaded' baked potato, steamed broccoli, and the only woman in the restaurant who kept her boobs covered. I had the tournedos, no potato, and cooked carrots.
On the way home, I asked how he liked the restaurant. "The food could have been better. My filet was overcooked, the potato was undercooked, but the broccoli was perfect. Also, you were right about the waitresses. For some reason, they were all topless. I found that aspect quite unusual," he said. "How did you like it?"
"I thought my food was great, and it was nice to see my friend Debbie again," I said.
"She has nice boobs, and she seems like a nice girl. Is she Jewish, too?" he asked.
"No. She's Catholic," I said.
"She thinks you have nice boobs. Do you? May I see yours, too?" George asked, as he drove his Tesla along the country roads, back to town.
"Not on our first date, George," I said, which I felt was kinder than, 'No, not now, not ever!"
**
"Where are you taking me?" I asked for the second time that evening, as we drove right by the turn for my home.
"To my hotel, of course," he said.
"You're not staying with your Aunt Martha?" I asked.
"And have her climb into bed with me in the middle of the night? Certainly not!" George said.
"Uh.... why do you think she would do that, if you stayed with her?" I foolishly asked. Martha Silvers was totally not incestuous, and besides, I was convinced she is asexual.
"She uses her second bedroom as a storage closet. There's only the one bed in her entire house," he said.
"I see," I said, even if I didn't really believe that. "But why are you taking me to your hotel?" Alarm bells in my head were ringing. The alarm bells' rings were deafening.
"Oh, right. Well, it's a cold and horribly rainy night, and if I parked somewhere to make out with you, and we listened to the rain pummel the car constantly, and it being dark and creepy and all, and well, I just thought you'd enjoy some quality time with me at the hotel bar? Then later we could move to my room for some privacy. I know I can't see your boobs, since it's our first date and all, but I'd love to kiss you some more?"
"Oh," I said. I figured I'd be safe in the hotel's bar, and I could always decline going to his room should he actually try something like that.
**
The hotel's bar was closed that night. Normally it was open, but too many people didn't show up for work, probably due to the virus, or due to the never-ending monsoon. Our ongoing monsoon was due to climate change, according to the TV weatherman. We were assured there was a minifridge with a good selection of drinks inside it, in 'our' room. We went to George's room. I had a sherry and George had a Scotch, and we began to kiss. George's kisses really turned me on, and judging from the lump in his pants, my kissing did the same for him.
Soon George's hands were roaming at will over my body, over my clothes, and I was enjoying being felt up while I got those kisses from heaven. After a bit of time, at one point George unzipped my skirt, and he asked me to remove it. I politely declined, and told George it was time to take me home. I saw his face fall with disappointment, but I was firm, and he took me home. We resumed making out in his Tesla in the driveway to my parent's home, having once again negotiated Lake Owens (now perhaps more like The Owens Sea) to reach the house.
Even in the Tesla in front of my parents' house, he again unzipped my skirt and got his fingers inside my panties, and they went exploring the mysteries of a woman's vagina, in this case it being my own. I let him, mostly because he was still giving me wonderful kisses. I really am an oral person.
I may be oral to a fault, but like every other woman, I have a clitoris, and by George, he found it. He found it easily, and soon I was becoming putty in his hands, and my breathing was changing. I was close to surrendering my virtue, I was so turned on by this handsome man George, his gorgeous car, the pelting and rhythmic rain, and my pent-up sexual desires.
Nevertheless, I pulled myself together at the last minute and did not surrender. I escaped, pulling up my skirt and zipping it back up in the pouring rain, as I sloshed my way through the front door, the rain having soaked my blouse, giving it a wet T shirt look, even if I still had on my bra. I smiled broadly and waved goodbye to my Molester-in-Chief, as he took in the sight of his drenched date, now looking very sexy, I suppose. I went to the window and watched the Tesla drive off into the gloom. Ah, the gloom. What a nice, comforting, welcome home, I told myself.
**
It continued to rain, on and off, for the next few weeks, and whenever it did, I would gaze out the window of the guestroom, and I'd think of George, his wonderful lips and mouth, how strong his desire for me had been, and yet how he respected my boundaries, even if he had always been pushing for more, more, and more. Indeed, every time it would rain, I would go to the upstairs bedroom and listen to the rhythmic pelting on the roof, and be mesmerized into a sexual reverie, as my fingers worked their magic wherever they did the most good. If only they were George's fingers, I thought to myself. His fingers had felt so good, so very good. His hands were so warm, and loving. George, however, was gone, back to Evanston, Illinois, where he lived.
George was gone, and I had to move on with my life. I'm pretty, if I do say so myself, and I'd never had any problems -- any problems at all -- attracting men. Nevertheless, none of the eligible men in my small town interested me. There were a few husbands who came on to me, and had they not been husbands, well, they might have been nice to have had some fun with; but they were in fact husbands, and I'm just not that kind of girl. So, in sum: There was nobody. Waiting out the pandemic became a romantically vacuous activity, except, of course, for the relentless rain.
Fall ended rather quickly, and winter descended with a sudden ferocity, as the fierce rainstorms I enjoyed daydreaming to became deluge-style snow storms. I enjoyed the snow, too, watching the pretty flakes fall gently and silently from the sky. Snow is different from rain, as everyone knows. Most people think of it, I suspect, in terms of a problem: Shoveling the driveway, constantly wiping the snow off one's car, navigating often difficult driving conditions, especially when freshly fallen snow covers a layer of ice.
Indiana has low taxes, which is nice. Low taxes beget minimal government services, however, which is not so nice. One of those minimal services involved the issue of having enough snow plows, which there never are. My Dad hired someone with a four-wheel drive pickup truck and a snow scooper attached to its front, to plow our unfortunately long driveway. Lake Owens was a small frozen ice pond, with a one to twelve inch covering of snow on top of it, depending on the size of the latest storm. I always warned the pickup guy about Lake Owens, and happily nothing untoward ever happened.
November passed and December arrived, and Dad used the putting up of our Christmas lights around the house as a good time to -- finally -- clean out the gutters. I know, I know, we're Jewish and putting up Christmas lights? It doesn't compute, right? However, let's face it: People need all the cheer they can find in December. Dad calls them Winter Solstice Lights. Mom calls them Winter Holiday Lights. I call them Christmas Lights, to the irritation of both of my parents, hee, hee.
I had a problem. Every year, Helen gives a blow-out, amazing holiday party. It is THE big social event of the year. I needed a man to go with me, and I had nobody. I had absolutely nobody. As I thought about it, my thoughts kept returning to my one memorable date with George. A plan came to me in a dream.
It's hard to put this down on paper, since it's embarrassing, but the messenger delivering the plan -- in my dream -- was once again the Virgin Mary. Now being a college graduate, and as such, an educated person, I realize that dreams are all in my mind. The vision of the Virgin Mary is simply a figment of my dream befuddled mind. Try telling that to Helen, however!
I figure I obsess about my virginity too much, and if you're always thinking about still being a virgin at the age of 25, well, then your troubled mind has the word virgin on the brain. Who's the most famous virgin of them all? Clearly, it's the Virgin Mary.
I didn't even try to tell Helen that the Virgin Mary in my dream was a short, middle-eastern woman, around thirteen, with a big pregnancy bump, and acne galore.
I put the Virgin's plan into motion right away. It was already late November, and we had recovered from the most dramatic presidential elections ever, and we were all ready for some heavy partying. To do that properly, however, I needed a man. In the small Indiana town we called home, the pickings were slim. Maybe I'm fussy, I don't know, or maybe I'd just become too old, but for me, the pickings were non-existent. The good men were all married.
Don't get me wrong. In many ways I wasn't fussy. I didn't care what religion the man was, or even what race he was. He could even be a sexist pig and feel me up in public if he felt the urge. I didn't like it, but I was willing to go the country mile. My main problem was, however, that I just didn't feel like going to bed with any of the men I knew or who came after me, which was all the single men in town, and a few of the married men, too. To my chagrin, I am pretty, with an hourglass figure, boobs a bit on the large side of things, and dynamite legs. Or so I'm told.
The Virgin's plan was so clever! The dates of Hanukkah change from year to year, since the Jewish calendar is lunisolar, which is to say the months follow the moon, but years follow revolutions around the sun, just like the Gregorian calendar, which is what our normal calendar is. This year (2020) the first of Hanukkah comes on December 11, which is a Friday. It continues for eight days, and each evening at sundown we light the candles (one more candle for each subsequent night), say some prayers, and eat and play games. It being a Jewish holiday, wine is always, always, involved. I considered the ubiquity of wine the best aspect of being Jewish.
My Mom, who is a good person, always invites over people who would otherwise be alone on Hanukkah. Two of her regulars are Mr. Stein and Martha Silvers. I've always been leery of Mr. Stein ever since he got me alone and felt me up, getting his hands all the way up my skirt to my panties, and yes, beyond. I was barely eighteen at the time, and I didn't know what to do, which is why he got away with so much. He gave me my first orgasm. I was totally creeped out. I also masturbated to the memory of the event for the rest of my high school senior year. I never told Mom nor Dad, of course.
**
Okay, fair is fair. I wasn't a complete innocent at age eighteen, even if I had been eighteen only for a week. I did put my hand on his when it had found my bare thigh (I wasn't wearing pantyhose or tights, since I was just at my parent's house, which was my home). While I put my hand on his, I didn't try to push his hand away, as I should have, I only held his hand there, preventing it from moving up my thigh. I knew enough to know that was his goal. It was the goal of every boy I had fooled around with, after all, in the back seats of cars and at parties. Many had achieved success, too.
I remember clearly, though, that since we were at my parents' house, eating dinner with my parents right there, using a table cloth and the real silver, I decided to see just what a man (as opposed to a high school boy) would do with his hand in such a dangerous situation. The tablecloth helped to hide his nefarious activities. I removed my hand.
Mr. Stein's now released fingers began to draw little circles on the inside of my thigh. I have shapely, but thin legs, and there's a gap between them; I learned later men call it a "thigh gap," and some men really like it, I have no idea why. As predicted, his hand began to slip up my legs, slowly, giving me plenty of time to protest, or to slap it away. I was curious, however, and let it continue, while cheerily talking with my Mom. The slow rise of his hand up my thigh got me seriously aroused, just from the outrageousness, I suspect. Well, to be fair, Mr. Stein really knew how to caress the inside of a girl's thigh!
His hand continued up, slipping under my skirt and pushing it up as it went. He pushed at my legs, and I parted them for him. I guess he took that as encouragement. After all, I had removed my defensive hand, and now I was parting my legs for him? He continued up, up, and up, under my skirt, until he reached my panties. Okay, I thought, good for him, that's what he was after, and he'll stop now.
It's amazing how naïve an eighteen-year-old girl can be, and I was on the more naïve end of the spectrum for eighteen-year-olds. Looking back now, at the mature age of 25, well of course he just slipped my panties to the side, to give himself total access to my tender, innocent pussy. There I sat, at the dinner table with him and my two parents, and I let that man finger me to a climax. It was the first time a man or boy had given me a climax, and -- as such -- was quite memorable.
I never let Mr. Stein near me again. He was often over at our house, but I always kept my distance, or hid in my bedroom, with the door closed and locked.
**
I told Mom that this year she should invite Martha Silvers as usual, but I suggested she ask Martha to bring along her nephew George. She could even say to her that I'd like to see him again. That was all it took! Mom, who's grandmother biological clock was ticking away in high gear, was thrilled I expressed interest in a man, any man, let alone a Jewish man, and of course Martha Silvers was rapturous that her Yenta skills might be bearing some fruit. I played it cool. Nobody said anything to Dad, of course. Nobody ever says anything to Dad.
When December 11 arrived, and the doorbell rang at 4PM, I was positioned to answer it, and there was Martha with that stud of a nephew of hers in tow, the honorable George Rosen. Holding onto George's arm, as if it were a life raft, was a short, blonde bimbo with big boobs whom I was to learn answered to Betty (what else?). Suddenly, I was overcome with heartburn, and headed off to the bathroom to the huge jug of Tums that adorns the bathrooms of all Midwestern Jewish homes.
Defeated and dejected, I stayed for a while in the bathroom, looking through the frosted glass window trying to see the snow softly falling. From a gloom standpoint, snow was a poor substitute for rain, but it had its charm. It left everything bright white, and the ubiquity of white reflected the light, giving the dark night a romantic, eerily lit quality. I came to love the snow, even if it was a distant second to the magical gloom of a heavy, sustained rain.
I emerged, my heartburn mollified, and joined Betty on the loveseat. We got to talking. She was sweet, honest, straightforward, and appeared to be as dumb as a sack of rocks. I liked her instantly. I'll bet she was a great fuck, and I was sure that would appeal to a man such as George. Well, good for her, only 22, and yet she landed a prize like George. Maybe he fucked her doggy style, and her big melons swung back and forth, like an erotic metronome? It was so easy to imagine! My heartburn began to return.
"So, tell me, Betty, what do you like most about George?" I asked her at one point. She had asked me to call her Betts, but I just couldn't do it.
"Oh, I couldn't possibly say!" she said. Then she whispered, "Can we speak privately, just between us?"
"Sure," I said.
"Well, he can't fuck worth shit, but he's real eye candy, and all my friends are impressed that I landed him, you know? Maybe what I like best about him is that having me on his arm makes Crystal and Ruby jealous!" Betty said. With names like that, maybe Betty and her friends were all strippers? She had the body to be one.
"He can't fuck worth shit?" I whispered back.
"Ain't it a pity? All those good looks, and the man can't get it up," she whispered. "That is, except in certain circumstances."
"Even with a blowjob?" I very inappropriately asked. Betty didn't mind.
"Yeah, even," she said. "Except for those special circumstances, but I don't want to do that again! He's going to dump me, you know, probably tonight after he tries, and fails, probably, one last time to fuck me."
"Why do you think that?" I asked.
"There's some slut in your little town that makes his heart thump in his chest. I think he's in love with her, or something," she whispered back.
"How do you know that?" I asked.
"As you must know, Lana, we girls have our ways," and she winked.
"What are the special circumstances?" I asked.
Betty looked at me, searching my eyes. "Can I really trust you?"
"Yes," I said, without missing a beat.
"Stop all your whispering, you two," my Mom said, coming over to us on the loveseat. "I'm glad you're getting on so well, but it's not polite, you know. Besides, Dad has run out of small talk." Dad had been talking with George, leaving Mom and Martha to entertain Mr. Slime, I mean, Mr. Stein.
Mom had stopped the momentum of my conversation with Betty. I was not going to learn what the 'special circumstances' were, but if they grossed out someone like Big Boobs Betty, then they must be bad. I have an active imagination, and they couldn't be as bad as my imagination, I thought to myself. The imagination is always worse than reality, right? Right?
I made sure Mr. Stein was seated at dinner next to Big Boobs Betty. George was on her other side, and I was on the other side of George, with Mom, Martha, and Dad rounding out the table. I had been counting on George falling for me, and not for him to come with Big Boobs Betty! I was simply crushed. I was sure that I was the girl Betty was speaking about, but who really knows? My last chance of a date for Helen's blowout party had just vanished, and I had to maintain a smile. I should have received combat pay.
After dinner we adjourned to the sitting room.
"Is Mr. Stein here for you?" Betty asked me, whispering in spite of Mom's admonition. "He's kind of dishy."
"You think?" I was shocked. Mr. Stein? Really? I was still grossed out from when he felt me up when I was eighteen, a long, seven years earlier.
"Well, yeah. It's obvious. He's got a thing for you, too. Surely you've noticed?" she said.
"No, he's just always been around. Isn't he kind of geriatric?" I said.
"Oh, come on, Lana. You call 34 geriatric? My date George is 31, and I'm only 22. How old are you?" Betty asked.
"I'm 25. I didn't realize Mr. Stein was that young. I met him many years ago, and I guess I just always thought of him as old," I said, now embarrassed. I realized he had started coming over to our home when I was nine, and he was eighteen, and probably he was a student at the local college. At least he had waited to molest me until I myself was eighteen!
**
Mr. Stein had watched me grow up, get the curves girls get at around age twelve, then no doubt watched my breasts grow, and grow, and grow, as my Mom kept having to buy me larger and larger bras. He was there the time my period surprised me and I got blood on the couch. He had seen it all. Finally, when I started dating at age fifteen, sometimes he was there when a boy came to pick me up, and he was still there when the boy dropped me off back. One time I had come home without a bra, nor even panties. My father had gone to bed, thank goodness, but my Mom was still up, talking to, yes, Mr. Stein. He saw me walk in, flustered and disheveled, my boobs probably bouncing all over the place, and I ran upstairs, possibly exposing my bare tush to both my Mom and Mr. Stein. Yes, my skirt was that short. It was high school, you remember how it is in high school, don't you?
It was the very next visit, just after my eighteenth birthday, when Mr. Stein had molested me.
**
"I get it. Well, he's a stud. I'll bet he's great in bed, too," Betty said.
I looked over at Mr. Stein, whose first name is David, with new eyes. Actually, he was in fact kind of handsome. I had never noticed. If only he hadn't molested me when I was a young, impressionable eighteen! True, a few boys had beaten him to the punch, but it was totally different when done by a mature man, and in the presence of my Mom and also -- especially -- of my Dad! The balls of the man! Maybe that's why it was so hot? God, it had been hot. So hot. We're talking volcano hot.
After dinner, we all adjourned to the living room. George and Betty sat together on the love seat. I sat on the couch, and no surprise, Mr. Stein sat next to me. Martha Silvers was on the other side of me, and Mom and Dad took the armchairs they always use. Dad served us all more booze, and we broke into several discussions. George and Betty were lost in each other's eyes, which made me sick to my stomach, and Martha and Mom got into an animated discussion, while Dad listened in, and Mr. Stein was silent.
It happened. For the second time in my life, and seven years since the first time, Mr. Stein's hand went to my thigh, taking advantage of the short skirt I had been wearing with the original intent of seducing George. It occurred to me, rather late in the game I should say, that I was really thoroughly dressed to seduce, and since George was with Big Boobs Betty, Mr. Stein must have thought I had dressed to seduce him! Oh, shit.
So, there was Mr. Stein's hand, on my holdup stocking covering most of my thigh. Of course, the nature of holdups being what it is, there's some naked flesh between the top of the holdups and my panties. To get to that tract of intimate inner thigh flesh, Mr. Stein's hand would have to slip under my skirt.
My skirt was short. Usually, when a skirt is short, it falls to around mid-thigh, significantly above the knee, and can get even shorter when a girl sits down. My skirt was seriously shorter than mid-thigh. Indeed, standing, it barely covered the tops of my holdup stockings. I had to be careful or I'd flash my panties with any false movement. I had worn the skirt in the hope of seducing George, of course. I mean, boobs are nice, but men really like what's between a girl's legs, right?
Once Mr. Stein's hand slipped under my skirt, he only had less than an inch to go before finding the sensitive bare flesh of my upper thighs. I wasn't worried, though: I knew he would never do that in this crowded setting, right in front of my parents, who had always been so nice to him, not to mention Martha Silvers, George, and Betty all being right there, too. Right?
To forestall the wandering hand, I struck up a conversation with Mr. Stein. It turned out he was a nice guy, interesting, and even gregarious. I decided I liked him. I did notice his hand climbing up my thigh as we talked, and I noticed that Betty was the only person who could actually see him molesting me. For the second time in my life, I felt powerless to stop the hand.
The angles were such that nobody else had a view. Bizarrely, this actually changed things for me. I got turned on at how kinky it was that Mr. Stein was molesting me in the presence of my parents, especially my Dad, but also Martha Silvers, Big Boobs Betty, and (also especially) my original object of desire, George.
I was furious at George for coming with another woman, especially a woman as pretty and sexy as Big Boobs Betty. At the same time, I was immensely sad. Which of the two emotions made me behave the way I did, I can't say. All I knew was that I wanted to, and so there. So, fucking there!
I think Mr. Stein, whom I had started calling David (at his request) for the first time in my life, was surprised that I ignored his wandering hand. I was acting as though nothing was happening. I was actually perversely glad his hand was on my thigh again. I was looking forward to another good fingering. Once every seven years? It seemed Biblical, somehow. I was smiling and gabbing with him as his hand made relentless progress, until it reached my panties. His hand paused, but again, I did nothing.
David pushed his luck, as I thought he would, and he began fondling my slit, right through my panties. For some reason, just as I had been when I was the age of eighteen, I felt psychologically unable to stop David's hand. To be honest, I'm not sure I even wanted to stop his hand. It wasn't his hand,per se, it was the outrageousness of him attempting to molest me in my own parents' home, with them both present and in the same room, and in front of Martha Silvers, George, and Big Boobs Betty, to boot! I didn't realize it at the time, but I loved the taboo of the situation.
Again, I did nothing, ignoring what was going on beneath my skirt. Betty caught my eye for a second, and she gave me a huge smile. I winked back at her. George looked uncomfortable. I suspected he knew something was going on, but he didn't like that he didn't know exactly what was going on.
I was pleased that David's hands had just as much talent as I remembered they did. I had worn skimpy, red, lace panties to seduce George, but that was a lost cause, and now I was seducing David. His fingers went under my panties, and he fondled my labia directly. I gave David a big smile, and I wished we could have kissed, but of course we couldn't, not there, not in front of everyone.
How weird is that? Yeah, David can finger me under my skirt, that's just fine, but we can't kiss?
I looked at Big Boobs Betty. She had a strange expression on her face. She had whispered to George and now he was watching my molestation, too. I realized if I had harbored any fantasies about reclaiming George, him seeing me getting molested must have destroyed them with a vengeance. George was now permanently gone to me, I thought to myself, as I gasped when David, somewhat expertly it seemed to me, found my g spot.
Next, I looked at David. His head was turned, and he was speaking with Martha, while he slowly drove me out of my freaking mind. I was getting highly aroused. My breathing was changing, which is a sure sign of upcoming embarrassment, unless I could get a grip on myself!
Meanwhile, I was fascinated by Betty and George, who seemed to be, both of them, fascinated in a way kind of like when you see a horrific traffic accident and you can't look away. I could not figure out what was going on with those two. Betty looked ecstatic, and George looked truly strange.
Epiphany: I figured it out! My gaze happened to glance at George's pants. Really -- it was unintentional! He had a huge boner. Maybe that explained Betty's delight, since she had complained about George not being able to get hard unless...and then Betty had become all mysterious. However, it most certainly did not explain George's expression.
Oh, yes, I remember now. One of the men who dated me, a long time ago, who was it? Oh yes, he was a certain Eric Shaw, and he once had a similar expression, when he got aroused after seeing some woman accidentally reveal body parts any normal woman would want to retain under cover. I had asked him about it, and he said he was a voyeur. His dream was to watch another man pleasuring a woman. Hmmm.
**
Lunch with Betty the next day was surprisingly pleasant, until the end, that is. Betty brought it up. "David, or Mr. Stein to you, really seems to know what turns you on," she said.
"Are you nuts? Fingering me in front of five people, two of whom were my parents? Nobody wants that," I replied, in high dudgeon, although like a good Protestant I didn't raise my voice. (I know, I'm Jewish; I was just behaving like a good Protestant.)
"Excuse me, Lana, but it was obvious to me that you were turned on the moment David put his hand on your thigh, and that you wanted his hand to crawl up to your pussy and finger you, while I watched, and later, George watched, too. It turned you on all the more that both your parents were there and that other woman, too," 3B said.
"Martha. Martha Silvers is her name," I said.
"Uh...that's not the point, Lana. The point is, I have to say, that you welcomed the context in which David enjoyed your pussy," Betty said. "You also seemed to like, pure and simple, the way he enjoyed your pussy. I could have sworn you even climaxed."
"I did climax," I mumbled, trying to be incoherent.
I have to say, I was shocked speechless by Betty just saying it, putting it all out there in common English. "Personally, I think David did it precisely because he seemed to know it turned you on. He is either psychic, and I'm not ruling that out, or he's seen you do something that made him think you would welcome his hand like that," Betty finished.
I almost did a faceplant in the diner where we were lunching. Instead, my face fell into my hands.
"Want to tell me about it?" Betty said gently. The big boobed bimbo, in fact, was perceptive, and more important, she was a sweetheart of a woman.
"He fingered me in the same room, and yes, with my parents both home, seven years ago. I'd never been so aroused, before or since, until last night, and last night my arousal was through the roof," I said. That time, Martha Silvers had not been there, but rather a college girl, a senior I think, named Miriam Cohen. I had thought she was really pretty, as well as more age appropriate for Mr. Stein, and clearly interested in him, and yet, he chose me to molest. At the time I was shocked, outraged, and thrilled.
"Seven years ago? How old were you?" Betty asked.
"Eighteen plus a week," I said.
"I guess we've found your kink, and at the same time, we've found George's, and boy did I benefit from it last night! I have an idea. Hear me out, okay?" Betty said.
**
I met David at Pepe's. It was a crappy local Mexican place with margaritas from a mix, but it had good tacos. It was going to be a beer night. You can't go wrong with a Negra Modelo, right? To get me in the mood, I suppose, David ordered me a tequila shot for the beer to chase.
Betty and George showed up only minutes later, and we took a booth for four. We ordered, made small talk, drank our tequila shots (it turned out David had ordered each of us two shots). We toasted friendship as we each downed them, one after the other. I had of course worn a skirt. I also wore a peasant blouse and a cute little frilly lace bra, not really serious enough for my boobs, but it kept them from sagging too much.
We all seemed to know what was going to happen. In anticipation, I had grabbed the end of the bench against a window to the parking area, sheltering me a bit from prying eyes of other customers and the wait staff. David ordered me to remove my panties, and I went into some sort of daze and obeyed, taking off my panties. Following orders, I flamboyantly lifted them over the table and handed them to George. Both he and Betty smiled at me, and they were really fetching smiles, too. Betty looks so pretty when she smiles. George is handsome as all hell, but Betty? She is a vision of loveliness. Their approval went a long way with me.
A few people saw the handoff of my panties. I blushed and studied the tacky placemats.
Next, I had to remove my bra, and I contorted myself and was able to slip it out of the peasant blouse. As ordered, I gave my bra to George, too. I busied myself with my tacos and my beer, awaiting the inevitable. It came, as I felt my skirt being pushed up to my waist. David's finger found my bush, then my slit, pushed apart my legs, and then I let out a little gasp as he slipped his finger inside me. Just like at my parents' house, on the first Hanukkah light, his finger quickly found my g-spot, and both George and Betty could see my tantalizingly slow destruction, simply by watching my face.
That wasn't enough for George, however. David and I stood, and we rearranged, as David, then me, and finally George squeezed into the booth on one side, all of us facing a smiling Big Boobs Betty. Her smile was dazzling. Her shimmering blonde hair was dazzling. Her big boobs were dazzling. I was a little jealous of how pretty she was, and sexy at the same time. Life just isn't fair.
Betty sat alone, with her phone on video mode, held under the table, filming my wide-open pussy, as now David resumed fingering me, with his amazingly talented finger, while George watched, up close and personal. It was humiliating. I loved it. A minute later, my orgasm washed over me as if it were a tidal wave.
**
I knew it was a mistake for the four of us to go to David's home, but we did. David gave us another round of Tequila shots, and he had a higher quality Tequila than the restaurant had served. George kissed Betty (my stomach churned as I watched) and removed her blouse, then her bra. Her glorious boobs spilled out for all to see. At least she had small areolas and small nipples. Be grateful for small favors, my Mom always used to say.
Betty's bare breasts inspired David to remove my blouse, too. George already had my bra, remember? David upped the ante and removed my skirt. I felt powerless to stop him, and I didn't. I was now naked, except for my holdup stockings. David let me keep those on. It didn't seem like much of a concession.
George decided to catch up, and less than a minute later the men had two naked women, and David brought us all another round of Tequila shots.
"How about a beer, instead?" I asked. "Instead, not in addition," I added when David came out with beers but did not reclaim the Tequila shot.
"Have both; they go well together," David said.
We two women were each stark naked. The men seemed to have some trouble deciding which one of us to look at. Finally, I assumed a little control, and I kissed David. I couldn't believe it was our first kiss. He had fingered me to climaxes twice, and he had rendered me naked, and only now were we kissing? Luckily, I liked the way he kissed. George kissed better, but still, David was good. David also had the advantage of playing with my nipples as we kissed, which had always turned me on. Come to think of it, it was the first time a man had kissed me whilst I was naked, and not having been in the back seat of a car! That's kind of pathetic, when the girl is 25 years old, already!
It gets stranger. Betty and George were sitting together on the couch, with Betty naked too, and all they were doing was staring at David and me. George had a naked, and presumably willing and sexy girl right next to him, and he was ignoring her to stare at me? And she was okay with it? I mean, they weren't even touching each other!
It was as if George and Betty were at the theater, watching a play. I was freaked a bit, but I ignored it, and focused on David. I began to fondle his hard cock through his pants, wondering why I was naked, and he was not.
I began the process of fishing out David's cock, and he stopped me. He actually stopped me! He smiled gently at me, and he pushed me down onto my back. He spread my legs, and cupped my mons. He began, gently, to finger me. I knew where this was going. I relaxed, and enjoyed the fabulous caresses of David's amazingly talented fingers. My boobs flattened out, with only my hard nipples pointing up to the ceiling. As I got more aroused, my chest heaved, and beads of sweat formed on my boobs. My kitten was hopelessly wet, and I could hear the sloshes his finger was causing in the small river eddy that was my pussy.
As the fingering progressed, my eyes glanced over to our audience. Big Boobs Betty was smiling and enjoying the theater, but George was clearly turned on beyond all reason. His erection appeared to be huge, and creating a tent in his jeans. It's not easy, I'd imagine, for an erection to create such an amazing tent in the heavy denim cloth of blue jeans. Obviously, watching a naked me get fingered to oblivion was a huge turn-on for George. Who knew?
I came. I knew I would, but strangely, having an audience did not impede my climax but rather sped it along and helped to make it not just nice, not just lovely, but downright wonderful. It involved some screaming, which had never happened to me before.
I pushed David's hands away, and tried to recover my breath, and while I lay there, enjoying the aftermath of such a wonderful orgasm, apparently David had been stripping away his clothes. So too had George. Betty was placed on the double bed next to me, on her back as well, and George mounted Betty at the same time David mounted me.
I had lost my hymen years ago to Dan the Dildo, but I was still a virgin when David entered me. Let me tell you, there's a huge difference between a dildo and the cock of a living, breathing man. Moreoever, I had come to like Mr. Stein, aka David, and that made it so much better than just raw sex would have been. Emotion plays a big role, at least for me. This wasn't a cock entering me for the first time in my life, it was David's cock; it was David himself. I audibly gasped when David's cock entered me for the first time.
I was over-ready to be fucked. I hated still being a virgin at age 25. It was bleeping embarrassing! Well, my virginal days ended the moment David's cock entered me, and let me tell you -- I was thrilled!
My psychological thrill was augmented by the fabulous sensations a woman has when a cock finally fills up her cunt, ending its years long yearnings, that I hadn't even realized I had, until just then. It felt so good when David bottomed out inside me, just resting there a moment, before stating the pumping that defines copulation in all mammals, but just then my interest was exclusive to human beings, and to two of them in particular.
I closed my eyes in bliss as we fucked. I don't know why I closed my eyes, I close them when I kiss a man, too. At one point I opened them, and with my head to the side I was looking directly at Betty's big boobs, heaving in response to George's large cock pumping away inside her, in parallel. I know all about parallel play, having worked during college in a preschool (pro bono), but there were elements to this parallel play which were perverted.
To wit: Betty's eyes were closed, but George's were wide open, a small grimace on his face as he fucked Betty with some violence, it seemed, but his eyes -- oh, his eyes! -- he eyes were completely focused on me. His eyes would have bored into my flesh, or my heaving boobs, or burned a hole in David's pistoning cock, if they could have, his stare was so intense. It was frightening, and it drove my arousal to an unimaginable level. I was so turned on I would have loved to enjoy the erotic plateau, but before I could convey the message to my limbic system or whatever governs when a woman climaxes, I had a rip roaring, screaming, climax to end all climaxes.
Betty's eyes flashed wide open in fright, and then she smiled as she realized I was being sexually destroyed beyond all recognition. She alone knew it was my first time, unless of course she had told one of the men. David ignored my scream of sexual bliss, except a small smile crept onto his face. I suppose he felt all macho having given me such pleasure. Well, he had every right to feel that way! He kept right on fucking me. George, if anything, fucked Betty with even more violence than before. Betty, for her part, seemed to be loving it.
As for me, my eyes were in a tractor beam, drawn to George's angry, sexually charged, penetrating eyes, as he seemed to stare at my boobs, my face, but mostly, my eyes, which doubtless reflected the amazing pleasure I was receiving from David's cock, my very first one ever inside me. George's eyes, and David's relentless, powerful fucking, drove me to a second orgasm, and I was building towards a third when David suddenly stopped fucking me, froze in place, and unloaded his balls inside me. I felt him squirting once, then twice, then a third time, sending millions and millions of his tiny sperm up my vaginal canal, in their frantic race to find my eggs.
Oops. That was the moment I remembered I had Helen's six condoms tucked away in my purse, on the other side of the room. Shit. Fuck. Shit!
Well, maybe I'd get lucky, right? Women don't automatically get pregnant the first time they have unprotected sex, right? Right? Right??
**
We were all sitting around, Betty and me filed with cum, shooting the breeze, when I finally dropped my bomb.
"Helen's annual, blowout, Winter Holidays party is this coming Saturday, December 21. Does anyone here want to be my date for it?" I tried not to sound too desperate. I was pretty sure David would volunteer, since after all, we had just made love. Actually, I figured it was a sure thing. Surely, he must know he'd get to lay me again after the party. Given how much he appeared to enjoy having finally fucked me, he would certainly want a second go at it, right? On the other hand, George had a huge cock, was as handsome a man as ever I'd seen, and either Betty loved the way he fucked her, or I would nominate her for an Academy Award. For me, it seemed to be win-win; either David, or George. They could fight it out, hee,hee.
My question was met with silence. Neither David nor George would look me in the eyes. Betty too looked at both men, her eyes revealing her incredulity at their stunning silence. She saw my humiliation, and she saw the shame that was consuming me. "I would be honored to be your date, especially if it means I get to fuck you," she said.
Betty's reply was completely unexpected! I was shocked and jolted, however it's amazing how fast the human mind, especially the female human mind, can work in such situations. I smiled, and as I smiled, my smile grew. "Betty, that would be great. And of course, it goes without saying, that anyone who takes me to the party gets to fuck my brains out; all night long if they so desire."
Betty got up, her gorgeous large boobs bouncing away, from the motion of her body, and she walked towards me, a huge smile not only lighting up her face, but the room itself, or so it seemed. "How about an advance, right now? Ever done it with a woman?"
I smiled right back. I really, really liked Betty at this point. "Why not?" I replied, adding, "And no, I've never done anything with a woman. You'll be my first. It's a big night for firsts. Right here, in front of the men?"
"You've made it abundantly clear you like an audience, Lana. And George, for one, likes to watch. I have no idea what makes David tick, but except for him, it seems to be win-win," and as she finished, she pushed me down and climbed on top of my still naked body.
"I'm all in for watching some girl-on-girl," David said. "I get to fuck you again afterwards."
"Let's trade, David," George said. "I've wanted to fuck Lana since the day I've met her."
"I've got you beat, George. I've wanted to fuck her since she was nine," he said.
"Well, you just got to. It only took you sixteen years of waiting. You can wait until I'm done tonight," George said.
"Sorry to break up this disgusting macho fest, boys, but neither of you gets me," I said. "All fucking rights go to Betty. She's the one taking me to the party. She can tell me who to fuck too, if she wants. I belong to her, now, until well after the party. Sorry, Charlie."
Betty and I both ignored the men, as Betty got busy. She kissed me, as her boobs crushed my own. I of course returned the kiss, and I discovered that despite of her good looks, her dazzling smile, and her sweet personality, the woman could really and truly, kiss! Wow, could she kiss! Why couldn't a man kiss like her? I had been a virgin until that night, but I had done one hell of a lot of kissing, with a wide variety of men, and not one of them came close to Betty.
As we kissed, and our boobs massaged each other's, Betty's knee found its way between my legs, and pushed up against my pussy. Amazingly, since I was the ripe old age of 25, I had never been kneed before, not even by one of my many boyfriends. I found it highly arousing, to have the soft, loving, naked knee of such a sexpot as Betty, rubbing against my naked crotch. Add that to her kissing, and now her right hand had slipped between us, and she was using it to caress my boobs.
Many men, in fact almost every man who has ever dated me, has caressed my boobs. I have always enjoyed it. My nipples are sensitive, and they seem to have some unholy connection to my clitoris, or something, as the right kind of tweak can really get me going! Betty seemed to understand that on a profound level, and she turned me on with her boob play in a way I had never before experienced.
As we made out and our hands explored each other's bodies, I wondered about myself. Why had I waited until I was 25 to let a man fuck me? It was wonderful, and I was still in its glow. More immediately, though, I wondered why I had never thought to enjoy the pleasures of the flesh with a woman before, either?
Sex with a woman is so very different than sex with a man. Men seem impatient to get their cocks inside you, and they leave unsatisfied if you refuse them that one particular pleasure, which I had always done before this very evening. Sometimes, I could buy them off with a blowjob, but I didn't really like how messy they were, so I always swallowed, and that was not made easier by the taste of semen. It's not a great taste for my palette, and let's leave it at that.
Other times I would truly surprise them by refusing them my pussy, but letting them take me up the ass. I found it pleasant, and the men were thrilled, but I was too self-conscious if I weren't nice and clean around there, and up inside my colon. So, it was a rare event that it happened. Sometimes I'd even have a proactive enema before the date. Also, I'd insist on a rubber, since I didn't want my anus dripping their semen, and also there was the issue of disease.
Sex with Betty was really different! There was no pressure to fuck (obviously), and her body was so soft and smooth it was like the difference between ice skating around her body, versus roller skating on a cobblestone street for a man. I love every square inch of her body, that smelled faintly of her perfumed body wash, as I dragged my mouth, kissing along the way, down to the soft, blonde curls of her downy bush. Betty knew what was coming, and I could feel her smile radiating through her body.
Reaching her kitten, I teased it mercilessly with my tongue, as Betty soft moaned in response. God, did I love and enjoy hearing her barely audible little moans. She's such a cute and adorable blonde little bombshell. My tongue began to work magic, and once her pussy became as wet as an Indiana thunderstorm in July, I let my tongue touch her tiny clit, which had left its little hood and was standing up and begging for attention. Well...her clit may have been tiny, but it must have packed a powerful punch, because Betty suddenly loudly screamed like the siren of a firetruck heading to a four-alarm fire! I kept at it, pulverizing her tiny little clit with my tongue, never letting up, and fingering her pussy at the same time, until she got release: A gigantic scream, accompanied by what appeared to be an epileptic fit of a climax.
I raised my head from between her legs to look at her face, and there, for the two men and me to see, was a look of pleasure like I had never seen before. I wiped all the juices off of my face, and I held my wet finger up, in front of my mouth, and blew on it, as it were a pistol I had just fired, like in the movies.
Both men had huge erections from having watched out little lesbian display, my first ever, and David came over to me once again, lifting up my behind, and positioning his cock to fuck me again. I quickly moved away.
"Only the person taking me to Helen's party this Saturday gets to fuck me. Sorry David. Sorry George. It's too bad, I would have loved fucking both of you. Let me tell you, though, Betty is a hotter fuck than either of you," I said. Betty giggled, as the men looked at us, stupefied.
David moved over to Betty to try out her, but George stopped him, claiming proprietary rights to her, and Betty said, quite elegantly I thought, "Fuck off, both of you. Lana is my date, not either one of you two." It was now my turn to giggle.
**
"Hello, how are you Lana?" Helen knew it was me calling, since I'm in her contacts, of course.
"I need to speak to you, in your capacity as my best friend. I've had a busy couple of days. Do you have a few spare hours?" I asked.
"Make it under two hours, and it's a deal," Helen replied.
I brought Helen up to date. Occasionally she would interject a comment: "George brought a date to your parents' house for the first Haunkkah light? How gauche! How classless! How creepy?" Helen knew I had been counting on seducing George so that he'd take me to her party. "You must have been devastated!"
And a little later, "This guy David Rosen fingered you, with your parents and three other people right there, in the same room?? And George and his date watched you climax, right there in the living room? Are you serious?"
Still later, "You lost your virginity? To this guy David what's-his-name? Spectacular! Congratulations! You were so overdue! I'm so happy for you!"
Then, "What? He didn't use a condom, and he came inside you? Are you bleeping nuts! What about the six condoms I gave you? You still have all six? Oh man! Woman, you are crazy, you know that?"
And slightly later, "You're serious? You and Big Boobs Betty? This was the same night that you lost your virginity, had like three orgasms doing it, loved it, and then came out as a lesbian, or at least bisexual? Are you making this up?"
She added, "Did you fuck George, too? No? Okay, well at least there's that, in terms of normalcy. My goodness, did someone flip a switch and turn my almost asexual best friend into a wild woman? Holy shit!"
She ended with, "So who's your date to my Winter Solstice Party? You can come alone if you don't have one. ... What? Big Boobs Betty is your date?? Seriously? Better wear something good -- everyone will be staring at you and Betty all night long. Texts and Facebook posts will fly, lighting up the blogosphere. Wow, Lana -- way to make a statement. One thing: if things don't work out with Betty, eventually, and you still like girls, well, I'm available you know -- just saying."
I could have kissed her.
**
Betty had to return to my small Indiana town from Chicago, and she brought George in tow. She told me she was still my date, but that George was coming to the party, too. Some local girl had invited him, she said.
"Are you and George still together?" I asked.
Betty blushed. "Yeah, kind of, but he hasn't had you to inspire him, and we haven't had sex since our last visit here. I'm not sure what he's planning, but I told him he can come to the party, but I am one hundred percent your date, not his. I'm looking forward to some alone time with you, my love, without David and George watching!"
"I've been thinking. I decided I like being watched, actually," I said.
"Yeah, I figured. And George likes to watch. I get it. However, I want you all to myself tonight," Betty said.
I smiled. I could live with that! As if it were possible, even, Betty looked prettier and sexier than I remembered. I knew it would be a minor scandal, showing up at a party with a blonde, bombshell of a sexy woman on my arm, but bizarrely, with my newfound sexual self-confidence, I was up for it!
Helen greeted us at the door, giving the two of us a genuine smile, and told Betty, "Being Lana's BFF, I've heard all about you, Betty. Welcome to my home!"
"You've heard good things, I hope," Betty said, blushing fetchingly.
"Lana raves about you, my dear, and she has excellent judgment. Mi casa es su casa."
"Gracias. I'm glad to meet a friend of Lana. She's special to me," Betty said.
"Honey, she's special to us all. Half the men at this party have tried to lay her, and they've all failed. Everyone loves Lana, and everyone desires her," Helen said.
"That includes you too, doesn't it?" Betty asked, winking as she did.
"Of course, of course, I just never before realized she was AC/DC," Helen said.
I interrupted, suggesting we get a drink. I always need something to take the edge off at social gatherings. "Try the gummy bears," Helen said. I raised an eyebrow. "Exactly," she said. I had three gummy bears, not knowing how much CBD was in each one of them, and a glass of white wine. Helen was pouring a California Chardonnay --- very oaky. Good thing I like oaky!
Everyone, it seemed, wanted to meet Betty, and each and every man wanted to look down her blouse. It wasn't hard to do, because Helen is short, and her blouse was low cut, and her boobs were poking at it with determination. She was wearing a push-up shelf bra, I was to learn later. This had the benefit of allowing the peeking men, if they were lucky and got the right angle, even to see her nipples. It was a great way to make a first impression! For a while Betty was very much the center of attention.
Giving Betty space to show off her goods, I drifted over to Debbie. Debbie and I had revived our old high school friendship ever since George had taken me to Joe's Bar and Grill. I never said this to anyone, of course, but I could not shake from my mind how lovely Debbie's boobs were. They were the prettiest boobs I had ever seen, not that I had seen that many! I felt confident George felt the same way, which was why Debbie was his date to the party. I wondered if George knew that Debbie was also a wonderful person? Not yet, probably. For now, it was all about her boobs, I felt sure.
The real question, of course, was why had Debbie agreed to go out with him? This question sort of answered itself as soon as I posed it. Reviewing the available men in our small town, all of whom had dated and (of course) tried to lay me, and failed, I realized choices were limited and depressing. Don't get me wrong: There are lots of great guys in abundance in our town, but all of them --every single one -- is married already. That's the problem with aging out of the singles market. Such problems don't exist as much in big cities like Cincinnati and Chicago.
A lot of those same men were at Helen's party, too. Practically every single guy at the party had dated me and tried to lay me. I could see their minds working: They had failed because I'm a dike, they were thinking, and by bringing Big Boobs Betty as my date, it was my way of coming out. Of course, I didn't really know what they were thinking; maybe they just thought I was bisexual? I mean, that's what Betty and Helen are. Why not me, too?
As if on cue, Debbie said, "I didn't know you were bisexual, Lana. Welcome to the club!"
"You are, too?" I asked, flabbergasted. Debbie probably had slept with half the men at the party. Well, maybe a quarter. At least ten percent, and that's for certain, if rumors are to be believed, and in our day and age of Internet rumors and fake news, you might as well believe everything, or nothing. Right?
Debbie and I gabbed for a while and strangely, the fact that she was at the party on the arm of George, never came up, until I started to leave, to look for Betty. "Listen, Lana," Debbie nervously began. "Is there a chance George and I could have a foursome with you and Betty tonight, after the party? I think you know why I ask."
I mumbled something about checking with Betty, and went off to find her. I found Miriam instead, trying not to cry. I knew Miriam from Temple, but she is three years older so we had no contact in high school, and because I had moved to Cincinnati, I didn't know her well. Her date, David Rosen, was nowhere to be find. I was gentle with Miriam and she confessed that David had gone off with some big boobed blonde bombshell (her words), just leaving her standing there, alone.
"I was so grateful to be asked to Helen's party, I would have fucked him, too, the bastard," she said.
I got her a drink and calmed her down. I signaled Helen to come over. Helen took charge, and found her a nerd who would be thrilled to fuck Miriam (or anyone, really), and they went off to dance, with him feeling her up constantly, actually getting reasonable fresh it seemed to me. Miriam seemed to be on cloud nine.
I set about resuming my search for my own date Betty, to save her from David. It occurred to me, while in the process of searching, however, that Betty could take care of herself. If she wanted to fool around with David, so be it. Now that I was no longer a virgin, and had discovered bisexuality, I could simply return to Cincinnati where eligible men were a dime a dozen, for example working in the banks on West Fourth Street. I was going to have fun seeing how they varied in bed.
I returned to Debbie and George. "Betty has left me for some virile male waters. Maybe a threesome, you, me and George, might be fun? You and I can get it on, and then George can take his pick. If we're lucky, maybe he'll have it in him to enjoy both of us?"
Debbie was stunned. She just looked at me. I belatedly realized people just do not talk that way. They may act that way, sure --although probably it's not common -- but they don't come right out and lay it all out there, and rub it in your face. Well, what's done is done. We are who we are. It is what it is, and all those other tautologies. You can never be wrong with a tautology; it must be why people say them all the time.
"Sounds like a plan," Debbie said.
Later that night, I found out just how good sex can be. First of all, Debbie was a girl's dream cloud in bed. She gave me three orgasms before she was done with me. Then, before I even had a chance to return the favor, she offered herself to George, who had an erection reminiscent of the Washington Monument.
I still marveled at how lovely Debbie's boobs were, as George picked her up as if she were a child's doll, and tossed her onto the bed. I kept looking at George, trying to find an imperfection in his good looks. I couldn't do it. As a physical specimen, he was the man of my dreams. Too bad a personality goes with the package, you know? I was kind of new to the whole copulation scene, but rumor had it that the size of the cock matters. David had sported a rather nice cock, but George? His cock was mammoth, both in length and -- perhaps especially, from what I'd heard -- in girth.
I could tell Debbie was salivating as George, with his good and hard erection after having watched the girl-on-girl show Debbie and I had given him, positioned himself, ready to entering Debbie's flowering pussycat. Debbie seemed to enjoy it, if her gaps, grunts, and moans meant anything. I was really hoping he could get it up again, for me!
George fucked Debbie a long time. He wasn't as creative as David had been with me, but Debbie did not seem to mind, as she either faked or enjoyed what seemed to be, from every appearance, a delightful climax. Then George emptied his balls inside her, and he rolled off. I quickly got my six condoms from my purse, and went to the supine body of Debbie, who had closed her legs. She was enjoying post coital bliss.
I kissed Debbie. She returned my kiss, and if I didn't know better I'd have thought I'd fallen in love with Debbie, just from that kiss. It was that good. We lay there together, me on top of her naked and luscious body, kissing. I felt hands removing my clothes. It was George, of course; he wanted to watch us when we were both naked. Well, okay, why not? I was hoping he'd fuck me, anyway, wasn't I?
Finally, I stopped the kissing and slipped down to give those fabulous mammaries the attention they so very merited. Ten minutes later my mouth was slipping further down, down past her belly button ring, and down to the southern border of her torso, where all things eventually end up. There I found a nice and hairy bush, trimmed, but still a forest a blonde ant could easily hide in.
Boy, did her pussy taste of George's cum! Yuck, I thought, but then something flipped in my brain, remembering this was the synthesis of two hopelessly attractive people, George for one, and for the moment, especially the lovely, curvy, sweetheart known since second grade as Debbie. As I was licking her I remembered her telling me of her first sexual adventure, with Helen's older brother Dylan (the one now in the army) at a sleepover. He had introduced her to sex at an age that risked his arrest, since Debbie was voluptuous, but she had still been jailbait, and jailbait by quite a few years! If Helen had known what her brother had done with Debbie, himself still under 18, there would have unbridled hell to pay. I never told Helen, but after that I looked with stars in my eyes whenever I saw Dylan. Now I was eating her out, while she was heavily scented and flavored by George's spunk, that he had so generously donated to her pussy.
Having driven Debbie to a noisy climax, I rolled off her, offering up my naked body to her, eagerly anticipating the ministrations I might receive in return. George, however, now had another one of his amazing, death-defying, monster erections. He climbed onto the bed, pushing my legs apart, and positioning himself between them. He smiled at me. Even though I was sure he was going to destroy me with the pogo stick known as his cock, his smile was sweet, and I smiled back. He had taken the hint and was wearing a condom. You've got to like that in a man.
"Come on in, George. The water's fine," was all I said, and trust me, it was all I needed to say! Boy did he come into me! No little gentle pokes, as David had done when I had still been a virgin. No, George was serious. I had no idea he had been lusting for me ever since that fateful evening of our first blind date. He had thought -- amazingly -- I was out of his league, as I didn't even let him undress me that first date, even if he had managed to finger me! People are strange, what can I say?
I can't describe it. I just can't. Let's just say George gave me a mind-altering fuck. Never had I even thought sex could be like that! It's like the first time you take heroin -- such a rush! I mean, not that I had ever taken heroin, except of course for that one time with Helen's brother Dylan, but we're not talking about that, okay? George's fuck was like your first heroin rush. It was that intense, and, quite frankly, could easily be as addictive as heroin. I asked Debbie later, and she most definitely agreed. Too bad George was so fucked up, so very fucked up, because boy-oh-boy-oh-boy was he a great fuck!
**
It was time to return to Cincinnati. Ah, Cincinnati! The city was gorgeous with beautiful historic architecture, and an amazing musical tradition. The locals also loved to eat well, and the restaurants reflected that. They even had their own ice cream shop (Grater's) which made excellent ice cream. The views from my Mt. Adams apartment were spectacular. Mt. Adams is a nightlife area, and with my newfound sexual knowledge, I hoped to continue to enjoy men and women, whomever might want me.
David had said he'd drive down to Cincinnati to see me. I didn't know if he actually would, or not, but now I was on the pill, and a weekend in my bedroom with David seemed like an attractive possibility for me. I hoped it would happen.
**
There was one loose end to take care of before I left. I called her, and she told me to come right over. Helen had cleaned up the place, after her blowout party, which was a good thing because her parents were scheduled to return in a day or two. In these Covid days, nothing was ever certain. They'd been up north, taking care of Helen's mother.
I was surprised that Dylan was home, apparently on leave for a week. It was kind of awkward, as Dylan was openly flirting with me, right in front of his little sister Helen, and I had come there for her, not him.
To my surprise Helen explained to him that she and I were going to get it on, and he should make himself scarce.
"Can I watch?" Dylan asked.
"No," Helen replied. "I'm your sister; that would be creepy."
"Please?" Dylan entreated, with an evil smile on his face.
"You just want to see me naked," Helen said.
"Of course, I do. You're a real hottie. Mostly, though, I want to see Lana naked," he said. "She's gorgeous and sexy, both."
"Try some other time, Dylan. Today is just for Lana and me," Helen said.
"I'm being shipped out after this leave. This is my big chance!" Dylan said.
"Sorry, Dylan, but no. Why don't you find your own women to seduce? Leave us alone!" Helen said, and she pulled me into her bedroom. As I was pulled away, I smiled at Dylan, and winked.
Helen locked her bedroom door, and she undressed me. She took her time, taking off one piece of my clothing at a time. In return, I undressed her. I loved Helen, and I was sure she loved me. It had never before been a sexual love, but it surely was one now!
Once we were both naked, we went down on each other, and when Helen finger fucked me while eating me out, I lost it, screaming out my climax. Helen's face was buried in my crotch, so only I saw Dylan quietly slip into the room. He must have picked the lock to her room. Dylan smiled at me and made the shush sign with his finger to his lips. I returned his smile, and winked at him.
I pushed Helen off me, and rolled onto her, Dylan quickly moving to behind Helen's head. Dylan had his cock out, and he was stroking it. It was a nice cock. I guess it was a real turn on for Dylan to see two naked women, one of them his freaking sister, going at it! Hey, whatever floats your boat, as we say in Indiana.
Dylan had his phone out, and I could see him taking pictures of us two naked girls, going at it. I imagined him showing the pictures around to his army unit. I further imagined his army buddies jerking off to the images of us two naked girls, locked in the throes of sex. Such thoughts drove me even more wild as I ate Helen out, simultaneously playing with her tits, and all the while smiling broadly at Dylan's iPhone camera.
Dylan was slowly capturing every detail of his sister's body, and of my body, moving around to get pix of our tits, or our asses, and of our pussies, depending on what was exposed at any given time. All the while, he was always standing behind Helen's head; she never knew he was even there.
Dylan watched me pleasure Helen, stroking his own cock, and he almost exploded when he saw his own sister enter into paroxysms of pleasure from the wondrous effects my tongue could apply to a girl I loved. He quickly slipped out of the room and finished somewhere else; my guess is the bathroom. I was smiling, keeping our little secret.
I wanted to stay longer, maybe have another go-round with Helen, but there was an issue. The problem was, a storm was blowing in, and I had to get to Cincinnati. I hated to leave Helen and Dylan, with them both looking so pretty, handsome, and sexy, but I explained, made my excuses, and I left. I'm not sure what happened to the two of them after I left. I like to think it was a cold shower, but you never know what people can get up to in the privacy of their own home, do you?
They waved from the door as I got in my car. It was already packed and ready to go. I was sure I could beat the storm if I averaged 70mph. It was only two and a half hours to Cincinnati. I had to leave right away. My playlist was cued up, I'd make a quick stop for coffee for my thermos cup, and then, off I'd go.
Helen and Dylan called out, "Merry Christmas" and I closed my car door.
"I'm Jewish," I said on reflex, from having grown up in Indiana, where Jews are as common as black swans. Then I thought, what the hell, I had just fucked Helen while Dylan watched! I lowered my window and yelled back, "Merry Christmas to you, too!" I gunned the gas, and was out of there. I had a lot, one hell of a lot, to think about during my 150-minute drive to Cincinnati.
On the way down, I made a quick stop at a roadside McDonald's for a coffee refill and the bathroom. I texted Helen:
I love you, Helen. You should know, though, that Dylan snuck into your bedroom and took pictures of us. I'm okay with it if you are. If you're not, you need to steal his phone!
Helen wrote back.
I love you, too. I'm so glad you're bi! I knew Dylan was there, taking pictures and beating off. That's my brother. He's a creep, but I love him. I'm okay with it. He lusts for you, you know.
A few minutes later a text came from Dylan.
Hey, Lana. A guy from my unit is on leave, in Cincinnati. I'm driving down to see him tomorrow. Can the two of us take you to dinner?
I smiled. Boy, had my life changed! I texted back:
I'd be delighted. Hasta mañana, and Merry Christmas!
Then I hit the road again. I was barely ahead of the storm!
**
Please don't forget to vote (with stars) and I'd love it if you were to leave a comment, too!