CHAPTER 3: ISLAND FUN -- THE BOYS
"Would you please help us?" I lowered my large sunglasses down my nose as if I hadn't noticed him. I was reclined on one of the beach lounge chairs alongside the volleyball area. I had a paperback open and a floppy hat on my head. While I had the look of someone engrossed in reading, I had selected the location deliberately. Five guys were playing volleyball. Three on one side, which left two on the other. The two were magnificent specimens of maleness: roughly six feet tall, athletic muscular shapes, and black. They looked like college athletes on vacation to the point that I wondered if it might be semester break. I had even been watching with interest when, after losing yet another point against the three, this young man had looked around at the sunbathers and focused on me. I had been watching him and his partner for some time, actually. When he called time and stepped in my direction, my eyes had focused like a laser on his cock swaying in front of him. Both he and his friend had large, thick cocks. Maybe not quite as large as Adam but I had decided Adam had to be some kind of freak of nature. But, not by much apparently judging by what was swaying in front of him as he approached.
After lowering my glasses to show my eyes, I fought myself to shift my eyes up to his face. "I'm sorry... what did you say?"
"My friend and I were hoping you might help us against those guys. You look fit and athletic." I continue to watch him. I hadn't much experience with volleyball and told him as much. "That's okay. The rules are pretty loose. Please?"
He put his hand out to me. He was very confident. He was very good looking. He was very young. And that was exciting, too. I was so much older and he was asking me...
I dropped my feet to either side of the chair which parted my thighs, reached up, and he assisted me to my feet. I dropped my glasses and book on the lounger, I saw him fight to move his eyes from my pussy. He turned and I jogged with him back to the game. He made the introductions quickly. His name was Jason and his friend was Michael. He had us spread out on the court and had me start behind them. They instinctively bent over to await the serve... talk about distracting! Two dark, tight butts in front of me.
I surprised myself... and them, I think. With the loose rules allowing bad hits and palming, I made an impact. The guys were right about being able to win because it soon became a lopsided contest as I was able to fill the gap in coverage just enough to keep the ball in play. Soon, I was jumping at the net and diving for balls like them. We beat that team badly and the next several teams that formed in a kind of 'winner keeps playing' kind of thing.
When we were hot and thirsty, we agreed to relinquish the court and move to the beach bar. I was covered in sand sticking to my sweaty body. As I moved to the lounger to retrieve my sunglasses, I tried brushing the sand off. Soon, Jason and Michael were both brushing their hands over my body, front and back, to assist me. The brushing of hands transitioned to stroking very quickly, though. They had most of the sand off me when their hands and fingers became focused on my breasts, nipples, and pussy. I leaned into them, remembering the resort rules against overt sex on the resort's public areas. But I was smiling as I reminded them.
After several drinks, they took me to the water where the rest of the sand was washed away. In deeper water, their touching was unseen and I didn't resist. I had my arms around the necks of both of them as each held a leg. Their other hands were busy on my opened body with my breasts, nipples, pussy, clit and asshole being stroked. It was very exciting and felt outrageous. I was facing the beach. I could see all the people there, the next volleyball game, the walkers, the waders in the shallows, the sunbathers, some naked, some topless, some wearing suits. And I was being fondled my two attractive, exciting young men and nobody could really see it.
Or could they. Maybe not really see, but I found the lifeguard watching us too closely. I pointed that out to the guys and they mumbled in frustration. Their frustration? At that very moment, they each had a finger inside my pussy. Reluctantly, for all of us it seemed, they removed their fingers and lowered me until my feet were on the bottom. The water was at their chest at the time. By the time my feet were touching bottom, my face was turned up to breath. The guys laughed, picked me up, and moved me closer to shore. I begged off anything more. I needed a shower and rest. They asked to meet up at the club tonight. I quickly agreed.
I had taken a much needed shower, ordered room-service for dinner and took a nap, also much needed. I woke naturally before the alarm sounded and felt refreshed. My body was already beginning to tingle as I began preparing to meet Jason and Michael. After fussing over my hair and makeup, I stood naked in front of the small closet. I didn't have that many options but there was still an outfit I hadn't already worn for dress-up. It was a bit more casual but would still be good for the club. I pulled a sleeveless white button-up blouse and held it up to the light. As I remembered, it was a bit transparent. The skirt I brought for it was short, above mid-thigh, and pleated. I knew it would fly up some if I spun (I tried it before the mirrors at the shop). I then selected my black 4" high heels.
Then, I moved to the dresser to consider lingerie. The tingling I felt, in anticipation of meeting the guys who had already shown their eagerness, made the decision for me. I left the bras and chose a white, sheer thong. The white, I knew, would add to the potential of being seen, if I wasn't careful... or, if the guys became sufficiently assertive.
The club was packed by the time I arrived. I ventured into the throng and wondered how I would find Jason and Michael when I felt a touch at my elbow. It was Jason who slid his large hand down my arm, gently took my hand, and created a path to a booth with U-shaped booth around the table. Both guys were in button-down short-sleeve shirts and dark slacks.
I slid into the booth and bumped to the back with the guys on either side of me. Each pulled me into a comfortable kiss. I was thankful at the moment for the subdued lighting. As I touched their chests in the kiss, it hit me that my mind had been remembering them naked. I suppose they may have had the issue about me.
We had a few drinks and talked around the heavy beat of the music by leaning our heads in close to each other, which also had the effect of casually touching. Then, Michael announced it was time to dance. I wondered who it would be first but both slid out of the booth with me, each taking a hand as we snaked our way through the mass of bodies to the dance floor. We danced a song, one in front and back of me, requiring me to turn frequently. At one point, Michael took my hand, raised it over my head and spun me in place. He then looked over my shoulder, smiled hugely and nodded, presumably at Jason. Jason moved in behind me, his hands on my hips, and leaned his mouth next to my ear.
"Your outfit is perfect for having fun, Teresa. You let yourself go this afternoon in the water, are you ready to do that tonight?" I wasn't sure what he was talking about specifically, but I nodded my head enthusiastically. I kept thinking about Ryan and Harold. Ryan had encouraged me to change in a way he didn't understand what the effect would be; Harold had encouraged me to always move forward down the path I wanted without understanding where that path had originated. That path put me with these two guys tonight. This was the path for me and tonight was about these two and the discovery that lay ahead for the three of us. So, yes, my nod was enthusiastically accepting.
The path that is tonight quickly takes shape. As a new set takes form, I have one in front of me and the other behind, each tight to me, each bumping me with their hips. My reaction, my response is to grind my pelvis, then my ass into one, then the other. Their actions were testing, my response to it was enflaming. Jason, at the moment, was behind me. He leaned into me, "You are the sexiest woman here, Teresa. Others are already watching you."
Whether that was true or not, whether that was truth or seductive, it enflamed my already raging emotions, it acted as adding combustible fuel to already burning desire. When their crotches pressed into me front and back, feeling their large cocks against me, I placed my hands on Michaels upper arms and began bumping my own pelvis forward and back into one then the other. Jason's hands were on my sides. We were a tight threesome bumping and grinding to the rhythmic beat of the bass.
Jason turned me so I was facing him. It only shifted who I was ground into where as they both pressed into me, both grinding into my body trapped between two hardening cocks felt through our clothes. Jason leaned back while holding contact at our pelvises. His fingers came to my blouse. I had left two buttons undone, almost to my nipple line to provide occasional cleavage flash. He opened another button as my eyes dropped down to watch. He then turned me back to Michael who immediately opened another. My blouse was now open below my breasts and my earlier decision not to wear a bra allowed my breasts to dance with their own motion with the new freedom. I knew the insides of my breasts were frequently visible as they moved me around. After a few more songs, the remaining buttons were undone, my blouse now held together only by it being tucked into my skirt. Now, as I gyrated, spun, swayed, and hopped, a nipple or breast flashed into view.
The band took a 15 minute break and we retreated to the booth, breathing hard, and blood pumping with the energy of the music and arousal. While waiting for our drinks to arrive, I expected and received the hands of both men. Hidden under the table and low lighting, each took a knee and placed it over their leg. I kissed one, then the other as one hand stroked up my thigh and another slipped inside my gaping blouse. I was sure we were pushing the limits of acceptable behavior but the crowd effectively hid us despite being in public. One finger snaked under my soaked thong, along my drooling pussy, and inside. Other fingers were fondling a breast, rolling and pulling a nipple. All the while, my mouth and lips moved from side to side, never but a moment without thick male lips pressed into mine.
When their mouths left mine, I was slumped, my breathing ragged, and blouse pulled to either side exposing my breasts fully before a small group of men and women turned to our table with lusty smiles on their faces. Our drinks were also waiting for us. Apparently, the waitress didn't find it to be her responsibility to maintain decorum.
I lifted my legs off theirs but was not able to close them as one of their hands held them apart and continue to stroke and probe. My eyes were glazed as I gulped my drink too fast and didn't even consider closing my blouse.
The guys dared me to leave my blouse as it was when we prepared to leave. I was both mellowed by drink and aroused by passion to readily accept the challenge and whatever else might follow. During the walk to their shared room, I was stopped twice and openly mauled by the two men, one kissing me and fondling my exposed breasts while the other stroked my pussy and dipped a couple fingers into my hole. The first stop resulted in my thong pulled down my legs and left behind. The second stop had my blouse pulled from the skirt and left hanging open. By the time we finally approached the room, I was panting and on the verge of an orgasm. I stepped out of my heels, slid the blouse off my shoulders, and released the zipper at the back of my skirt and pushed it down my legs.
Standing before them naked in the hallway, I pressed my body into each, giving each a passionate kiss and feeling the hands of the other roaming over my available body. When I finally bent over to collect my clothes, I felt a thick finger sink abruptly into my pussy. I gasped and stumbled into the other, my head pressing into his crotch. I shifted only slightly to place a stabilizing hand directly on his hardening cock. The finger in back was joined by a second as a breast was vigorously fondled and squeezed. We were in the hallway and I desperately wanted to be fucked. If they had made the move, I would have been agreeable... more than agreeable. Instead, they released me. One gathered my clothes as the other used his key-card to open the door.
Stepping inside, though, even as the door was still closing, I sank to my knees in front of Jason and jerked his belt and slacks open, pulling them and his box shorts to his ankles. I smiled hungrily at the beautiful cock I remembered pointing at me. I did the same to Michael before taking the head of Jason's cock between my lips as one hand groped to the side for Michael's. I grasped it, my hand immediately stroking down and up as I took Jason's cock head to the back of my mouth and to the entrance of my throat.
Both men shifted from foot to foot as they kicked off their shoes. Their bodies moved as they shed their shirts and two pair of hands were again on my head and shoulders, one bending over to grasp a breast. When I felt Jason's cock pulse in my hand and mouth, I switched. I began stroking his saliva covered cock as my mouth moved to the side to engulf Michael's equally long cock. Saliva escaped the corners of my mouth as he pushed deeper into my throat. I was in a frenzy. Two cocks. Just me. My body was quaking on the edge of an orgasm only from the environment of the resort and giving oral to two cocks and knowing both would be taking me however they wanted.
I was unceremoniously lifted by the two pair of hands and deposited on the bed. I bounced and giggled. My breasts heaved and my legs splayed open. Jason stood at the foot of the bed eyeing my open, drooling pussy with eyes that had abandoned any control over the lust within him. My shoulders were pulled and I turned to find Michael sprawled behind me and holding his hard cock up. He mouthed, suck me. I smiled but my mouth was already opened wide as I scrambled around to kneel between his spread legs and swallowed his cock to my throat. I felt the bed move behind me, then felt hands on my ass, a cock rubbing up and down along my pussy before it pressed into my ready hole. My mouth opened around Michael's cock and I gasped as my pussy became filled with another stranger's cock. I exploded as he thrust deep into me, my mouth still over Michael's cock, gasping around the head, my moans and groans muffled by it.
Jason's cock pummeling my pussy never faltering in its efforts, though. The pounding into my pussy had the added effect of pushing my mouth down over Michael's cock, though Jason had eased back when he saw me go into my orgasm. I arched my head up, a string of drool hanging from my lips to the head of Michael's cock as my body quaked. He grasped my swaying breasts and pulled my nipples sending orgasmic jolts back and forth from my pussy to my nipples and crashing through the rest of my body.
As my orgasm ebbed, I glanced up at Michael. I gave him a lusty smile and he blew a kiss my way. Jason continued to slam into my pussy and my mouth gaped open to take Michael deep inside, again.
When I felt Jason's cock swell and twitch in my pussy, I paused over Michael's cock, then pulled off it and looked over my shoulder. Jason had completely stopped. He began to say something but I nodded my head, first. He was bareback and I appreciated the concern. "Give it to me. Fill my pussy with your cum."
He thrust with all his might into me and that thrust sent him over. His cock spewed cum into my pussy. I looked into Michael's eyes as my body was claimed by this man I had met so recently. As another stranger's cum coated my pussy amid the grunts coming from him, my body shook with a mini-orgasm, more psychological than full-on physical reaction.
Without pause or thought or direction, I crawled up Michael's sprawling form, my movement pulling the last of Jason's cock from my pussy. I straddled Michael's middle, raised his cock, and moved my cum dripping pussy over it until it sank over his cock. I sat fully down his length, my just fucked pussy still hungry for more. We both gasped at the suddenness I took him, his cock going deeply into me. As I began pumping up and down on his cock, I leaned forward and lustily kissed him. At the end of the kiss, our lips still brushing against each other's, I whispered for him to add his cum, too.
As we rested after, Michael raided the mini-bar while I took a towel from the bathroom to spread over the sofa in the sitting area before I joined the guys, a space left for me between the two. The talk between us was casual and superficial. It was clear to each of us we were merely buying time for another round. When I finished my bourbon, I slipped off the sofa to my knees in front of the them. I moved from one to the other, sucking one while stroking the other, then switching again and again. When they were both hard, I stood up in front of them, my own hands moving over my breasts and mound in anticipation.
"Now what? How do you want me now?" I blushed at my brazenness with these two men. I felt so wicked and wanton.
Jason pushed himself off the sofa without a word and took my hand. He moved to the messed-up bed and onto it. He lay in the center on his back with me kneeling alongside him. He simply held up his cock. The implication was clear but I thought, we've already done that I was thinking something different. Maybe it was my very slight hesitation or the look on my face. But my hesitation didn't last long but a moment. I swung my leg over him and was quickly settled down his length. Then, I found they did have something different in mind. Jason pulled me against his chest looking into my eyes.
"Have you had anal? Have you ever experienced a double penetration?"
I was nervous but the cock already in my pussy and the hands stroking my ass and the tingling still coming from my pussy from before were pushing me forward. Harold. What was his 'move forward' going to unknowingly get me involved in? I'd only experience anal once and that had been Ryan with his puny cock (oh, how I think of him, now...). But anal with these cocks? And, DP at the same time? Oh, God...
I nodded to Jason and looked over my shoulder to Michael, "Anal only once and not with a cock like the two of you. Never DP... before." I smiled nervously. "Be gentle?"
They both smiled. Then, Jason pulled me toward him and rotated his hips down and his cock came out of my pussy. I was initially confused until Michael's cock plunged into it and fucked me for only a moment. Then, he pulled out leaving my pussy feeling empty but Jason moved his cock back into me, pushed me back down on his cock and I felt Michael behind sliding his cock, now slick with the mixed cum of my pussy, over my puckered asshole.
Michael had grasped my ass cheeks and pulled them apart. My asshole, I knew, was lewdly exposed to this man and a blush rose in my face. How silly. I had been sucking and fucking these men, relaxing naked with them, even playing volleyball naked with them earlier and frolicking in the ocean. Now, I was blushing? But this felt so much lewder and more erotic. Only sluts do DP, don't they? Maybe that's all a hotwife is... a slut. I felt his cock head at my exposed ass and I sucked in air in tense anticipation of what this might be like. I felt him press against the tight opening and Jason softly encouraged me, telling me to relax. I instinctively knew what to do. I breathed and press back with muscles and body. It took some effort, both of us. I had to relax. He was so much bigger and I knew it would hurt for a moment. I diverted myself with Jason. I kissed him and focused my pussy around his cock in my pussy. His cock popped past my sphincter and all three of us gasped, me the loudest with a cry out more than a mere gasp.
I pressed my hand back against Michael to stop him from even moving. It really did hurt. It's didn't kind of hurt, it really hurt. The muscles felt brutally stretched. But even as I thought about the hurt, it began to ease. I released my hand from his hip and as Michael pushed his cock slowly in increments into my tight ass, I groaned loudly and pressed my hand back against him, again. He stopped immediately. My ass and pussy screamed at being so stretched. But in only another few moments the sensation eased. I pressed back slightly myself, taking another couple inches of his cock, then took my hand away from him, used it to brace myself over Jason, and told them both, "Okay."
They both began gently moving inside me. Michael pressing further and further as Jason began short strokes in and out of my pussy. Soon, I felt Michael's hip against my ass. He was all the way in and I gasped out in relief, joy, and amazement. The feeling was incredible. I felt full like I have never felt before. My entire body seemed to be on sensory overload and it was all emanating from the two holes stuffed with cock. The two cocks moved disparately in me. Jason began firmer strokes despite being on the bottom while Michael seemed more tentative, probably reacting to my earlier gasps and feeble responses. The two cocks moving in adjacent sleeves compounded the electric sensation of each, like nerve endings being stimulated in my pussy were shooting through the thin membrane to my ass and back and forth.
I came explosively, wedged between the two men and feeling consumed. Jason wrapped his arms around me and held me to him as my body shook while my moans, groans, and gasps filled the room. Once my body settled, only slightly, they continued until they both came, filling both holes with cum.
The rest of my stay at the resort escalated my experiences. I added the pool to my naked investigation and activities. We played more volleyball, both on the beach and in the pool. And, I did a lot of walking, especially on the beach. I found it amazingly erotic being outside naked so much. My coupling was definitely not 'making love'. We were fucking. We fucked in the sand, pressed up against a tree or bent over a fallen tree, and in the shallows of the gentle surf.
That trip was what I would point to in the future. It was what I would eventually look to as a new baseline of experience and how I might challenge myself even further forward. It was a week of experiences I wasn't sure could be matched. The week's experiences consumed my thoughts while returning home. It wasn't so much that the experiences be exceeded or even matched, but that this trip showed me, proved to me, the woman Ryan had wanted to create, his hotwife, was the woman I was and was happy being. It was the mantle I accepted as me. Now, the issue really was... what do I do with that?