Round and Round
"Why the hell did she come here?" Ursula wondered to herself, "What was she doing here?"She so didn't want to be in this place. It had a basketball court smell of floor wax and vintage sweat, which made sense since it was a basketball court located in an old armory. A track had been laid on the floor bordered by orange cones. Women on roller skates went round and round. There was a screen with scores on it flashed from an overhead projector, had to love that forty year old technology! On each side of the screen was a logo for each team. The Westchester "Botox Avengers" symbol was a nurse's cap over crossed hypodermic needles. Their opponents the Hackensack "Red Stars" symbol was a stylized cartoon roller girl in black and white, looking over her shoulder with a bright red star on her ass.
Ursula had never been to roller derby before, and after ten minutes she understood why. The logos were tacky, the place was tacky and most of all the women in tights or stockings and shorts or short skirts were tacky. They skated round and round on the short, flat track banging into each other, from time to time flying off the track in an exercise that seemed as violent as it was pointless. She and Dan were in the "VIP" section which meant they sat in uncomfortable metal folding metal chairs instead of the uncomfortable wooden bleachers and had" roller girls" come over to take their orders and bring them beer or soda and popcorn.
Just then as the pack went past them, a girl in all black hip checked the Botox Avenger wearing a helmet with a white star, sending her flying across the track to the cheers of the mostly male audience. "There goes Hammer Montana" the PA announcer shouted in excitement. She rolled and landed a few feet away. Dan turned to her smiling. "Did you see that?" Ursula gave a pained smile back "Hard to miss." She replied shaking her head.
A whistle blew and the women went round and round again. "And Lil Red calls off the jam!" The PA system blared. Dan turned to her. "She did that by patting her hips." Dan said excitedly. "I know" Ursula said. "I read the rules too!"
"The jammer is the only who can score by lapping the others." Dan said.
"I know" Ursula responded. She sighed, how long was this going to last?
Despite herself, Ursula had to admit there was certain energy in the room. The crowd, even most of the women, was enthusiastic and obviously better heeled then she would have imagined. She had feared herself overdressed in her lace dress and heeled pumps, but oddly there were people here as well dressed. The competitors themselves were apparently allowed a lot of leeway in their outfits. Each team had a distinctive tank top with their team logo on it. Most wore tights under shorts, but some had on patterned stockings or fishnets or tiny skirts of every color and type. Four to six inch plaid skirts seemed very popular. Each of the Red Stars had a bright crimson star on her left butt cheek. It was displayed either on the skin tight shorts or on tights under tiny skirts.
A few minutes later a buzzer sounded. "That's the half!" Dan said cheerfully. Ursula returned his cheery smile while thinking "Oh God only half way!"
A short (at least to her) man approached them, smiling broadly. Dan stood and she followed suit. He shook Dan's hand warmly. "Daniel!" he exclaimed and pulled Dan into a bear hug. Ursula smiled self-consciously. Dan pulled himself back. "This" he announced is "Ursula. Ursula, this is Gregor Ivanovotch Leontovich."
"Please" the man said, "here is just Greg, maybe Gregor." He looked up at Ursula. "It is a pleasure to meet my good friend's woman." He had an eastern European accent. "Thank you" Ursula said graciously although she rarely if ever thought of herself as Dan's "woman", she continued " Dan has told me a lot about you, thanks for giving him an opportunity."
"I hope he takes it!" Greg said winking at her. He turned to Dan. "I need someone I can trust to help me with my team, and my money. How was your flight in?
"Uneventful, fortunately" Dan said a fact Ursula was grateful for, it had been a long trip from her native LA and she had no desire to spend "quality time" at Newark airport. Gregor turned to Ursula. "So what do you think of my Red Stars?"
Surprised Ursula searched for words "It's...all...very...interesting..." she managed to stumble out.
"Tell me" Gregor smiled.
Fortunately, Ursula was saved from expanding on the thought by the arrival of a skater. She wore the red Star tank top, tight patterned boy shorts with a red star on the ass over a pair of fishnet stockings. Elbow and knee guards protected her joints. Blonde hair peeked out from under her tightly buckled black helmet. She was busty with a waist almost as narrow as Ursula's and hips almost as wide, although shorter. This woman was, Ursula decided, the very definition of trashy.
Greg smiled broadly. "Our team captain, K G Bea-trice." He announced. The relationship between Greg and KG Bea became immediately obvious when Greg casually placed his hand directly on her red star. Introductions were made and KG Bea sized Ursula up.
"I have to ask, how tall are you?" KG Bea asked.
Ursula shrugged, she HATED that question. "Five-eleven and three quarters." she said. KG Bea and Greg both looked at her skeptically. "In my stocking feet" Ursula added then in a rush. "Dan always wants me to wear heels, the higher the better!"
"That's because you look great in them, and I always liked being with a taller woman" he said and chuckled conspiratorially. "She always says she's five eleven and three quarters, she's really six feet even!"
Ursula struggled to suppress a groan.
KG Bea smiled at Dan. "So how tall are you?"
"Same as me" Gregor rumbled for Dan "hundred seventy two centimeters, five feet eight inches tall. And when we competed against each other, we weighed exactly the same." He patted his stomach and looked at Dan's waist ruefully. "Those days are long over."
Ursula nodded. "You were both on national judo teams."
"No, I was never that good." Dan said. "We did meet at an international tournament though."
Greg nodded. "And I was only ever on the Russian army team."
Dan snorted. "Only! I was never in your league."
Greg shook his head "You are too modest, Daniel."
"And you are too kind, Gregor Ivanovitch."
"So you competed against each other?" Ursula was glad when KG Bea interrupted the mutual admiration fest.
"And became friends" Dan said. "The judo community is pretty tight knit. You can go anywhere in the world and find a place to stay as long as there is a dojo in the area, even if it just means sleeping on the mat."
Greg nodded. "And Dan became my first Aikido instructor... And when I needed him he helped me stay in this country and get a green card."
Although she had heard the story before, Ursula was unclear on something. "Why did they want to deport you again?' she asked.
Greg sighed. "I was coach of Russian girl's judo team, and had access to forbidden Russian training methods."
Both women looked at him puzzled. "What?" Ursula asked.
"Well" he continued "Also because I was in Soviet intelligence before this. It was thought I was a, uh, security risk."
"Well" KG Bea interrupted, "to get back to my point" she looked at Ursula "Have you ever thought of becoming a roller girl? You have size and a nice center of gravity."
Ursula blushed, "that she thought was the nicest reference to her big butt she'd ever heard." Dan always said he loved what he liked to refer to as her "fat ass". He was always after her to wear tight skirts and high heels, but Ursula was usually too self-conscious for that. He loved to slap her butt, which annoyed her to no end and to squeeze and grope, which she didn't mind and felt was quite complimentary - except when he did it in public.
Now embarrassed, Ursula looked at KG Bea "God no! I'd" she started, about to say I'd never lower myself that way, but caught herself in time "I'm not in that kind of shape." She amended.
"But you could be!"KG Bea said
"Easily!" Dan agreed Dan said. He grabbed her butt and she slide her arm under his sliding both up so his arm was around her shoulders. She gave Dan a quick baleful look.
"I could get you there!" Greg put in " I have training methods and you have the build of a natural athlete."
Dan nodded "I always tell her that."
Ursula looked at him truly annoyed now. It was an old argument, Dan always telling her that she was a natural with her size and strength while he had to work so hard to be in the shape he was in. So she was wheezing and huffing when she ran a half mile, so what? She sure wasn't going to let some former Russian intelligence agent train her, even if he was an old friend of Dan's...especially if he was an old friend of Dan's. She loved Dan and had lived with him for a while, but he could be one kinky guy, witness the six foot tall girlfriend who he always wanted to wear high heels. Although she had to admit, while some of the Botox Avengers were on the chunky side, all the Red Stars appeared lean and toned.
Greg must have caught her look. He raised his hands in supplication. "But if you not want to do it, this is ok!"
"So" KG Bea changed the subject "What do you do?"
"I'm in human resources." Ursula said, "Recruiting."
KG Bea smiled "That's what Lil Red does. If you guys move here she can help you. She can tell you all about the job market here! "She turned and yelled at the diminutive ginger who was talking to two star struck male fans across the room. 'Hey Red!"
Both the tall and short roller girls looked up. "Lil, not Big" she shouted "Come on over.
As Lil Red approached the genesis of her name became obvious. She had long flame red hair under her jammer's helmet with its white star on the side. She was slender and even in skates almost a foot shorter than Ursula.
"Lil Red this is Ursula" KG Bea introduced. "You're both HR bitches."
Ursula gave Bea a dirty look at that, but then Lil Red was shaking her hand. "In the daytime I am also known as Sally Dunne." She had a pleasant smile, and seemed pretty normal. Then Ursula realized that she didn't have the team logo shirt on and wasn't wearing tights or shorts or a skirt or even fishnets. Lil Red was wearing a one piece lycra catsuit. It was then that Ursula also noticed that Lil Red, who was almost flat chested, was plainly not wearing a bra. Her nipples stuck out from the fabric of her one piece suit like pencil erasers. Ursula tried to concentrate on what was being said, but was further distracted when Gregor ran a proprietary hand down Lil Red's back. "What the hell??" Ursula wondered as Lil Red shivered in pleasure.
Mercifully there was a gong and Bea said "Sorry we better get back, second period about to begin." With a quick "talk to you later" she and Red turned and skated away. Ursula noticed that Lil Red somehow had a red star on the ass of her catsuit.
"I will join you for now, if you do not mind." Gregor said. Dan murmured assent. Ursula thought Greg would sit next to Dan so they could talk, but instead he sat on one side of her, Dan was on the other. As the whistle blew and the jam began, Gregor began to speak in her ear in a low voice. Look at them skating" He said, not quite whispering. "Going round and round. It is easy to watch this yes? Round and round, yes. Very relaxing."
It was, she decided, easy to watch. Even though the women were bumping and tussling there was a certain inevitable logic to the way they travelled, always the same way, always to the same place, and back again.
Ursula blinked hard. Had she thought that, or had Gregor said it. She strained her ears to hear his soft voice as she relaxed into her chair, which now seemed very comfortable. Despite the whistles, the crowd, the sound of the skates, it seemed like all she could hear was Gregor's voice, all she could see were the girls...going round and round...
Ursula started. On either side of her Dan and Greg were coming to their feet, as was everyone in the gym. She glanced at the scoreboard. A minute ago it had been 154 to 92, now it read 220 to 146. The Red Stars had won. Slightly confused, she realized the match was over. Gregor shook Dan's hand. "So Daniel" he said I will see you on Friday evening." He turned to Ursula. "A pleasure to meet you Ursula, thank you for accepting my offer to skate. I will see you on Saturday."
"Of course" she managed. As Greg left she turned to Dan. "What did he mean about Friday and Saturday?'
Dan blinked and looked at her curiously. "I'm meeting him after practice on Friday to talk business, and you agreed to meet him Saturday morning to go skating." He cocked his head. "You said you wanted to learn more about the game."
Ursula was about to say she had said no such thing, then realized that she really didn't know. She shook her head to clear it. "Can we go back to the hotel?" She asked, "it's been a long day"
"Sure" Dan said.
Back in their room Ursula turned to let Dan unzip her dress. As he did he trailed a line of kisses down her back.
"Something odd" she said turning to him. "Yes?" he said and kissed her with passion. "MMMMMmmmmm." He said.
She pulled back.
"It's Gregor" she said "How is he making all this money?" At his look she continued. "Yes the place was packed, but it's not like tickets cost a lot, or that there's a TV contract."
"I don't know" Dan said "We'll talk business on Friday." He leaned in for another kiss.
She pulled her head back from him"Given the amount of money he said he could pay you, aren't you curious?"
"Yes!" Dan sighed "That's why I'll ask him on Friday."
Ursula, still in his arms cocked her head,"How did you help him anyway?"
Dan shrugged, resigned. "We had competed against each other, and became friends. Like I said judo players are a community. I was just getting out of law school and they were trying to get him out of the country."
"So what did you do?'
"A little paperwork, did a couple of hearings, no big deal, you know."
Ursula did know. She knew Dan, his modesty, what he would do for a friend and the way he said it told her it had been a very big deal.
She kissed him this time...deeply, then Ursula stepped back and shrugged her shoulders, gravity still worked so her lace dress pooled around her ankles.
Dan looked at her in admiration. He panties were plain white and her bra the same, but he loved her wide hips and ass which made her average waist seem small by comparison. She still wore her high heels which made her ass stick out even more and her legs seemed endless.
He stepped into her slid her arms around her, hers easily went around his shoulders and their mouths met, tongues twining. He managed to get his hands around her back and got her bra unclasped in one try, a good sign. Given her height, it was easy to take a nipple in his mouth while one hand groped her ass. Ursula always wished her tits were bigger, but Dan loved her perky C cups. Still with a breast in his mouth Dan led her over to the bed. His mouth came off her breast with a smacking sound. Ursula stepped back and with an airy motion she draped herself across the bed.
Dan hurriedly kicked off his shoes and dopped his pants as Ursula lifted her hips as she slid her panties off. His cock was rock hard and Ursula sat up and gently stroked its silky hardness.
She gave Dan a wide eyed innocent look as she said "For me?"
"All for you, baby"
Ursula smiled "That's exactly how much I want." She slid over and reclined back on the hotel pillows. Naked except for her heels she reclined back on the pillows and spread her legs. Dan climbed between them, returning his face again to her breasts. He licked around each nipple, the just touched his tongue to flat tip of her nipple.
Ursula reached down to take his cock in hand. "Give me this baby" she moaned. Dan lined himself up and thrust into her,
Being on top of Ursula was always such a feeling. Her ass was so big that he felt high off the mattress.
"So you want me to fuck you?" he asked conversationally while staring into her eyes.
"OH YEAH" she breathed. He lay motionless on top of her looking into her eyes.
"Then tell me." He said.
Ursula knew what he wanted. "Fuck me" She said and Dan began to thrust into her, slowly.
"Louder" he prompted.
"Fuck me" She said in a louder voice.
"What do you want?" He thrust harder into her. "I can't hear it."
"Fuck me" she said louder still lifting up to meet his thrusts, her motions synced to him. As her voice rose so did the power of his thrusts, and so did her pleasure.
"Fuck me" she repeated "Fuck me, FUCK me, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!" her voice grew in volume and intensity until she was yelling the words.
Panting, Dan grabbed her long legs and lifted up.
Ursula felt so good, Dan always hit her in the right spots, they were in perfect sync now, and she could feel the orgasm coming. As he felt him pull her legs up suddenly she spasmed and the everything around her vibrated. She reached up and grabbed his shoulders, digging her fingers into his flesh as the orgasm rolled over her in blinding pleasure.
Ursula struggled to catch her breath and her rhythm while Dan kept going pounding into her and Ursula felt herself laugh in delight. Dan pushed her legs further back and grabbed the stiletto heels of her shoes using them like handles to get her legs back close to her head and push himself deeper into her scissored form, lifting his upper body up off of hers. Ursula gasped.
She caught her breath and now, without prompting spoke in a loud voce "Fuck me baby, fuck me hard." She urged "C'mon, give me hat cock!" Somehow Dan's thrusts became quicker more savage. Ursula yelled in lust and desire "FUCK ME!" Dan strained every muscle in his body driving deep inside her. And then she felt Dan spurt his cum deep inside her, just in the right spot and it triggered her second orgasm. The hot waves of passion were still riding through her as Dan collapsed on top of Ursula, spent.
He lay on top of her for a while after that as they both caught their breath. Then he rolled over next to her.
After few minutes Dan put his arm around her and she snuggled into him. Afterward, lying on the bed Ursula turned to him. "He babe" she asked the question that had been on her mind. "Would you really like me to be like them, the women on the Red Stars, the" she paused "roller girls?"
Dan looked over at her. All evening since the match he had imagined Ursula's fat ass in a pair of tight roller girl shorts, on in a tiny skirt that didn't quite cover her butt cheeks. He debated the choice of an outright lie and the truth and chose diplomacy. "Would it really be so bad?" he asked.
"To work out all the time? To parade around in revealing clothes and bang into other women?" She sighed. "No I suppose it wouldn't so bad," she said in a tone that showed exactly how bad she thought it would be " but I don't think I can. It's just not me. I mean, I'd want to, for you, if It's what you really want but I don't know I can. I've never worked that hard physically, and I'm always so self-conscious about my height and, you know - my hips."
Dan smiled at her. "I love how tall you are, especially in heels! And You know I love your fat ass! I just love you."
Ursula grimaced at the mention of her "fat ass", then said honestly "I love you too. I just don't think I'd be comfortable..." She looked into his eyes. "Is it something you really want? What do you want?"
He stared back. "You" he said "What I really want is you." And he kissed her. "Diplomacy, always" he thought "diplomacy."
On Friday Gregor had told Dan to meet him at the Red Stars training site. Given the venue the game had been at, Dan was a little surprised to find that the Red Stars training facility was a neat two floor structure in an industrial zone.
Gregor came to meet him as he got out of the rental car. "Dan my friend." Greg greeted him as always with a handshake and firm bear hug.
"This is your training site?"
Gregor gave him a sad Slavic look. "Yes" he said "It is not much but it will do for now."
"Do you share the building?"
"No" Gregor shook his head. "I will give you tour later. We are pretty packed in here. We have two training tracks, one upstairs, one down, a weight room, a trainer's room, cubby hole office and of course" He smiled "our showers."
Dan looked at him puzzled, then mentioned something else he had noticed in pulling up. "Whose are those? He asked pointing to four parking spots next to the entrance. One spot was empty; the other three contained a Tesla, a Mercedes SLS with AMG badges, and a Lincoln limousine.
"The Tesla is mine" Gregor said. "The other two belong to our guests. It is part of my business model, and our biggest money-maker." Gregor explained as he ushered Dan through the front doors, past a desk where an armed security guard sat and where a second man, presumably the limo driver waited. "You see some wealthy men pay, what many, including myself would say, is an inordinate amount of money to watch our girls practice and socialize afterward. "
"People pay for that?" Dan was confused. If you wanted to see the Red Stars in action why not just go to a game, he wondered. Also, from what he had seen the girls were very open to meeting with people after the games, there was even a meet and greet at a local club.
"Oh yes, they pay" Gregor chuckled "In fact even with our prices there is a four month wait to get in." He faced Dan "Normally we have no more than three, four paying customers at a time, but today, you my friend will have one of the spots." He said it as though bestowing a great gift on Dan. "But first, we talk business.
He opened a door and led Dan into a room. A track was marked with tape on the wooden floor. There was a line of skates against a wall. "I figured you are a size nine shoe, no?"
More confused than ever Dan said "No, ten."
"Ah good thing I am prepared." He reached down and handed Dan a pair of roller skates, then picked up a pair himself.
"Wait!" Dan said "I thought we were going to talk business."
"That is correct; I always like to talk business while skating." He bent and started to remove his shoes.
With a resigned shrug at this inexplicable nonsense, Dan did the same.
Soon they were skating, side by side around the track.
"So, business" Dan said. He was genuinely curious about how Gregor could generate so much wealth from a roller derby team.
"Ah, first let us enjoy skating." Gregor said "Get into the rhythm of the thing, push off with one foot, then the other" Dan had never really noticed how smooth and low Gregor's voice was. "Listen to the sound of our wheels moving on the track" Gregor continued "Our wheels and the sound of my voice. Our wheels going round and round as we travel along the track, so calm so relaxing, as we travel round and round..."
It was relaxing, Dan thought, the repetitive motion, it felt like floating, it was so easy to let go and go round...
"So all you hear is the sound our wheels as they go round and round, so deeply calming, the sound of my voice as our bodies go round and round, as my voice goes round and round in your head."
Dan looked up. They had stopped and Gregor was regarding him with a big smile. So my friend, are you relaxed?"
To Dan's surprise, he was, very relaxed. He felt good, rested, alert, strong like just before a judo bout, like meditation after aikido.
He returned Gregor's grin. "I'm sorry I must have spaced out."
Gregor shrugged. "It is easy to do after all the time we spent skating and talking."
Dan frowned. "How long have we been skating?"
"Oh about forty minutes. But come practice will be almost over, we must get there." Gregor bent down and began to take off his skates.
As Dan did the same he realized that he was no longer confused about the source of Gregor's success. Gregor had explained it all; he simply had a wonderful business model.
He grinned broadly because he knew that Gregor was genuinely thankful for his help in the past and wanted to do something for him. Gregor's success would continue and he would share in it - along with the wealth. It warmed him to know how Gregor trusted him, and he knew he would never betray that trust. Gregor was his best friend!
"We should skate together again." Dan ventured.
"Oh yes" Gregor assured. "We will."
After their skates were removed, Gregor led Dan through a door into a long, low ceilinged room. The floor was carpeted and there was a row of lockers along one wall with wooden benches. Dan noticed how warm it was. Through a wide open doorway two steps led up to a large tiled shower room, with multiple shower heads. The tile was a muted soothing green. Oddly in front of the entrance to the showers was a large plush couch.
The door across from them opened and in walked the Red Stars. The filed in and Gregor called out some sort of command in Russian. The girls all got a sort of glassy look in their eyes and quickly formed up in a line at attention. Like a general inspecting the troops, Gregor walked slowly down the front of this line, hands behind his back. Dan found himself following admiring the taut, sweaty curved forms before him. Lil Red he noticed had stiff nipples again. He knew this was all natural, the way it should be. After all, Gregor thought so...
"Now, my wonderful warrior women" Gregor began. Once again we have visitors. I expect you will make their stay as enjoyable as always!" At the end of the line, Gregor turned and walked behind them. Dan following enjoyed the line of identical red stars on different shaped, but always shapely asses.
Another door opened and two men entered. One was tall, fat and balding. The second was whip cord thin with short, gray hair. Gregor approached them smiling. The thin one held a crystal glass with what looked like scotch and ice cubes in it.
"Ahh, gentlemen, just in time" he said. "I hope you enjoyed watching them scrimmage." With a quick command in Russians the roller girls broke ranks. It was as though they couldn't see the men as they went to lockers and bantering with each other, talking about the practice and stripped off their gear and clothing. The men enjoyed the rapidly disclosed female bodies.One by one they went to the showers.
"Gentlemen, please." Gregor gestured toward the couch. He winked at Dan. Dan sat with the other two guys on the couch. In the shower the naked women were all soaking under the multiple shower heads, individually at first. In and of itself the toned, sexy bodies were quite a show, but then it got better. A roller girl who went under the name "Sigh-Beer-Ian-Huskee" approached KG Bea. Huskee obviously had a sense of humor in picking her name because she was a tall, slender, yet muscular Korean woman. Through some trick of acoustics, the men on the couch could hear her speak. "Want me to soap your back?" She asked Bea.
Bea turned and looked her in the eye, smiled. "Sure" she said and turned. Huskee filled her hands from a wall soap dispenser, and began to rub the suds into KG Bea's wet back, lovingly working her way down to the graceful arch of Bea's hips, then back up to her shoulders. Bea looked back over her shoulder, leaned back and reclined her head onto Huskee's shoulder. Huskee leaned forward and turned her head. She kissed KG Bea on her mouth with mounting passion. Bea's head was halfway turned so Dan could see the women's tongues darting between their mouths as Huskee reached up and cupped Bea's breasts. Her soapy thumbs caressed Bea's stiffening nipples.
All over the shower/stage the naked women came together in an explosion of sexual activity. Dan didn't know where to look. He saw Big Red approach Lil Red. The larger woman was tall, almost as tall as Ursula, but bigger boned with much larger breasts. She came up behind Lil Red and turned her around. The two women began kissing and grinding into each other.
Gregor leaned over the couch. "Well gentlemen feel free to join in whenever you are ready. Whip cord gray guy didn't hesitate. He stood and quickly took off all his clothes, then strode confidently into the showers, heading straight for Bea and Huskee, his had cock leading the way. The bald guy showed no sign of moving as Dan stood and with more hesitation got undressed. It still felt awkward getting undressed like that, but he was hard as he had ever been. Ignoring the still seated bald guy and Gregor, Dan entered the showers.
He went straight up to the Reds, locking eyes with Lil Red. He was a little anxious that the two and Big Red in particular would resent this intrusion, but the larger woman stepped back with a smile and Lil Red came up to him. She put her hands on either side of his face. The kiss was deep passionate and full of mutual need. Dan drove his tongue into Lil Red's mouth and she reciprocated as they rolled their heads kissing and groping. He ran his hands all over Lil Red's shower slick body. Her hand found his cock. "MMM, so nice" she murmured stroking him. "So nice and SOOOhard!" He grabbed her soaking flaming red hair and pulled her head back, nibbling her pale throat, bending over to take one incredibly stiff, incredibly long nipple in his mouth. Her nails scratched down his back finally cupping his ass, squeezing. Dan picked Lil Red up, he was strong and as fit as she was she weighed little, an athlete built for speed. He pushed her back up against the shower wall and slid into her wet, hot pussy. As Dan banged into her he felt hands on his back, Big red stoking and kissing him from behind. Lil Red threw her head back and yelled. "Oh yes! YES, YES!!! Fuck ME!! Lil Red's Interior muscles squeezed his cock. He banged into her pressing her body against the tile wall as the hot water flowed over them..Suddenly he felt Big Red's hand stroking his balls, she was on her knees and her tongue lapped into his ass...
It was without a doubt the best shower Dan ever took. After he dried off he signed the contract to work for Gregor.
The next day Ursula skated with Gregor. She discovered that she liked it more than she had ever suspected. It was so soothing, so relaxing to go round and round. By the time she finished a second skating session with Gregor she also found that she enjoyed working out and getting in shape. She soon got over her self-consciousness about wearing spandex and discovered a fascination with roller derby. All this was accomplished after just enough time with Gregor- going round and round.
______________________________________________________________
The screen showed the score and the familiar Red Star logo next to the logo of the Black Rose Rollers, which not surprisingly was a black rose.
The roller girls were bunched together on the flat track when the Black Rose Jammer saw an opening and darted forward. Just as she was almost through, Rushin' Bare threw a hip out and into her. Appropriately, it was her left hip, the side with the red star on it. "OHHH" The PA blared "And Pia MS goes flying!"
"Pays sometimes to have a fat ass! "Rushin' Bare thought and smiled to herself, then whopped loudly. The opening had given Lil Red a chance to zip away from the pack and now the speedy little jammer was scoring points! Like Lil Red, Rushin' Bare was in great shape so few roller girls could match her size and strength.
Soon the buzzer went off to announce the half. After high fiving her fellow Red Stars, Rushin' Bare went over to the VIP section. Dan was always there, he liked to watch her play. She leaned over to give him a kiss then leaned an arm on his shoulder with her other hand resting on her waist just above her four inch skirt which just barely covered her ass, her proudest feature especially with the red star on it. Dan gave that ass a hearty slap, then put his hand there. She smiled at him. "Thank you" she said.
Dan was making so much money now with Gregor that Ursula really didn't have to work, which was good what with all the practices and after events. She didn't mind those at all, she enjoyed the sport so. Ursula looked around her, at her teammates, her fans and her man and wondered "why the hell would I want to be anywhere but here."
END