Clayton sat bolt upright in his bunk bed with a deep gasp. He promptly impacted the low ceiling in his crew quarters and then flopped back on his pillow while grasping his forehead. Through each throb of pain, he could feel his forehead developing a large red bump.
"Fffffffffuck!" he hollered as he held his skull tightly in order to stop the pain. A few fractured visions of Kat groping him at the rail of the ship flashed through his mind.
"Wow what a dream" he thought to himself. It had all seemed so real! The details of the delicious captains dinner...Kat's incredible body filling out the top of her dress... Clayton could remember every detail.
As he gingerly rolled out of bed and began his morning routine, vivid flashes from his dream continued. Eventually his mind paused and fixated upon the ultimate moment - in which was Kat making him some sort of crazy offer about being her new 'toy' - all while under the terrifying watch of her brute of a husband.
"Wow I need to get out more..." he thought, and let out a deep sigh "If only something like that could REALLY would happen to me."
*****
"Hey Loser!" a voice shouted across the cafeteria.
Clayton looked up and saw his one true friend on the ship heading towards him. His name was Jonathan. Jonathan was the type that seemed a bit out of place on a cruise ship due to his fair skin and blonde hair. He was shorter than Clayton, and a bit on the skinny side compared to Claytons larger physique. The two of them were as different as night and day in more than just appearance. Jonathan was a very confident 20 something who was positive each woman on the ship wanted to get him in the sack. To be specific, Jonathan was positive that all the ladies wanted him for one specific reason... and that was his 'horse cock' as he called it. He was not afraid to brag about his many conquests, not to mention how the ladies were always so terrified of him once they got him into bed.
Clayton of course was always mortified with such conversations, but he just smiled and would let Jonathan get it out of his system so they could talk about other things like the latest online games and movies. Not many had a better knowledge of all things geek than Jonathan, and Clayton appreciated having someone with such knowledge in a job that frowned upon such things.
"Morning Jon" Clayton said as he took another spoonful of his oatmeal.
"Oat meal and toast... again." Jonathan shook his head and sat down across the table. "Man when are you going to learn you need to give yourself PROTEIN for the ladies!" Jonathan laughed out loud to himself and sat down. He took a big spoonful of his scrambled eggs and actually looked at Clayton for the first time. His eyes widened and were fixed on Clayton's forehead.
"DUDE! What happened to your head? You look like a golf ball is trying to escape from your brain!" Jonathan began to reach forward with an extended index finger - his eyes slightly crossed as he fixated on the massive bump.
Clayton swatted the hand away and glared at his friend. "I just whacked my head when I woke up this morning. I was having the wildest dream!"
"Did the old lady put something in your drink?" Jonathan asked.
"What old lady?" Clayton asked as his mind flashed back to his vivid dream once again.
"You know... the old lady who you K.O'd in the hallway earlier this week." Jonathan stood his fork up on and let it fall noisily on the table demonstrating the collision. He then flashed a bright white smile that contrasted with his deep blue eyes, and continued with his best faux Spanish accent "So...how was eet 'aving dinner with El Capitan eh?"
Clayton sat frozen in place at Jonathan's knowledge of his dream. In his mind, he re-wound the tape of the last few days and then rapidly went through everything once more time. All the events flashed by in a blur until it screeched to a halt focused on Claytons dilating eyes at the cafeteria breakfast table.
"OH shit!" Clayton thought, "... maybe it's not a dream!"
Snapping fingers brought Clayton out of his self reflection. "Dude what is up with you?" Jonathan was looking at Clayton warily. "You know I hate it when you space out like that..."
As Clayton thought about the night before and that it was in fact - a REAL event; a wide grin began to spread across his face. Jonathan slowly mirrored the same look, and he blurted out "YOU DOG! You have the hots for that old MILF don't you!" He reached across the table and punched Clayton in the arm.
Clayton could not stop smiling and remained silent while Jonathon began to spew forth all the advice he could think of to bag an older woman. Clayton of course knew that there was MUCH more to the story behind is never ending smile, but he let Jonathan continue to believe that he alone was the ladies man.
"Hey man are you even LISTENING to me? You should be taking notes or something... this stuff is GOLDEN...I'm telling you!" Jonathan looked slightly miffed at his friend. "Ahhhh forget it. Let's go see if we can find the 'ol wench to see what your puppy dog eyes see in her anyway..." and with that the two young men got up from the table and set forth to find Kat.
********************
The sun was especially bright and made the blue sky seep exceptionally clear on the deck of the large white ship. Off in the distance the Caribbean waters sparkled like diamonds as the mighty ship softly plowed through the small waves. Kat was sitting in her old fashioned style deck chair looking every bit the curvaceous pinup model that was so lacking in the current era of stick figure women. She had on a wide brim hat that hung well over her shoulders and she had on dark oversized 'movie star' sunglasses underneath. The bikini she wore gave her breasts a relaxed hanging look - with no need to be pushed 'up and out' the way less well endowed women preferred. Around her waist was a light colored sash that let any wandering eyes play 'peek-a-boo' with her belly button. It was left to the imagination what style of bikini bottom she was wearing, but based on the small amount being covered up top - many men were waiting for her stand up so they could find out.
Two decks above, Clayton and Jonathan were staring down at her admiring the view. For his part, Clayton was once again doubting his own memories as he looked upon the reclined body of the goddess below. He wondered endlessly how a woman such as her could POSSIBLY be interested in him. Jonathan, on the other hand, was looking upon Kat as a slab of meat He knew he could have her... and it was merely a question of if he would allow his buddy to have the slightest chance of scoring.
"I'll give it to you man... she does have a rockin' body for an older lady" Jonathan said with a hint of distain as he glanced over at a group of younger girls. He flashed his million dollar smile, and they giggled like children.
Clayton looked over at the girls, and couldn't help but notice their ribs protruding from behind their bikini tops. With each breath they took he could count the number of joints in their sternum. Clayton shuddered and looked back down at Kat and their eyes locked together.
Kat had heard the young men talking above her long ago, and made sure to give them a good show. She lowered her sunglasses and was taking a deep sip from the extra long straw that was extending out from her bottle of mineral water. When she finally made eye contact with her new toy Clayton, she slowly pursed her lips up and down along the tip of the straw. Her red lacquer lipstick left a large ring around the tip of the straw and she made sure to leave it visible as she reached over and placed the bottle on the stand beside her.
Clayton could not take his eyes off Kat. She was the essence of beauty. He watched as she turned her long legs from the recliner and slowly stood up - never taking her eyes off him. She lifted her arm and beckoned for him to come to her with her long index finger. This sent Clayton off the rail like a shot to the nearest stairway.
Jonathan was still half heartedly giving advice about the ladies, when he noticed his friends rapid departure. "What the fuck man? Where are you going?" Jonathan, looked back down at Kat who was now focusing on him with her big brown eyes. He found himself unable to muster up his usual bravado as she pierced through his many layers of confidence. The look she was giving him was not the usual airhead smile or drunken lust... it was very intense and very disconcerting. He could feel her distain for him, and he quickly looked away to follow his friend.
Kat bent down and ever so slowly to pick up her large wicker weave bag. Several of the men around her finally got the chance to see her bikini bottom and were pleasantly surprised to see that she was all about the tease. She did not need to wear a thong or anything trashy. Instead she wore a modest bikini bottom with high straps on her hips that made her long legs appear even longer. Several jealous wives began to divide glares between Kat and their wayward eyed husbands. Kat reveled in the attention she was receiving when she heard the rapidly approaching footsteps of Clayton... and his friend.
Both young men reached Kat just as she happened to rearrange a heavy object in her bag. The forceful movement of her arm caused both of her hanging breasts to sway back and forth bumping into one another. The hypnotic motion made both of them freeze in their tracks and stare with abandon. Kat looked up at them as she stood upright - neither of the poor lads were able to look away and into her eyes. She smiled slightly and cleared her thought for their attention up top.
Clayton was the first to obey and he looked into Kat's eyes. Kat looked over at Jonathon who was not being as obedient. Kat reached out with her toned arm and forcefully lifted Jonathan's chin to a level position. "I don't know whether I should slap you or report you..." Kat said with a stern tone. She looked back at Clayton and said, "Your friend here has a lot to learn. Is he always this juvenile?"
Jonathan heard the world 'Juvenile' and it broke the trance he was in. He snorted "Juvenile? Pffft lady you have got to be kidding!"
Jonathan had once again found his footing and believed with all his being that he was God's gift to all woman kind. He casually looked to the side and then back into Kat's penetrating gaze. "Listen lady, just because my friend here things you're all hot 'n shit doesn't mean you're all THAT!" He casually looked Kat up and down and then performed his patented single eyebrow lift as he looked off to the horizon.
Clayton looked on in horror at the exchange happening before him. "I am so sorry Kat... I..."
An expertly manicured index finger with ruby red polish pushed gently onto Claytons lips effectively silencing him. Kat looked at him warmly and said "It's ok sweetie... I've got this."
The warmth of her gaze chilled as she looked back towards Jonathan. She took one small step towards him and began to straighten out the collar of his polo work shirt. Kat was shorter than he was and looked up at him as she continued to stand very close. Jonathan was surprised by her actions and stood motionless. He could feel her breasts pushing against the bottom of his ribcage, and the smell of her perfume wafted over him. The combination of these sensations, with the addition of her hands near his neck actually caused his cock to stir a bit. Just as he was about to say another charming remark, Kat stood up on her tip toes and whispered in his ear.
"I own this boat and everyone on it... you...my little SHIT... need to learn your place!" Kat's incredibly white smile flashed across her face as she stood back and lifted one of her hands to Jonathan's cheek. She softly caressed it before giving it a playful triple tap. "Now you need to come with us if you want to keep your job."
Jonathan had been slapped many times in his life. He always figured it was like paying your dues. Some women liked being treated like dirt, and some did not. The occasional sting to the cheek was worth the response you could get from other women with low self esteem. That being said, the reaction from Kat was neither of these. She did not slap him silly, and she did not seem interested in him. What DID catch his attention was her comment about her wealth and the ability to keep his job. Caution being the better part of valor, Jonathan decided he had better follow his friend and this oddly powerful woman.
Kat slung her bag over her shoulder and warmly wrapped her arm around Clayton's arm and the two of them began to walk towards the stern of the ship. Jonathan followed from behind and watched as Kat tilted her head onto Clayton's shoulder seemingly enjoying his company. Her hourglass figure sashayed back and forth as she walked and Jonathan began to see the value of curves on a real woman. Once again his confidence swelled and he considered if a cougar such as her could handle the trouser snake he had hidden away in his pants. He laughed to himself as they climbed a set of stairs to the upper deck restaurant housed in ship's fake exhaust funnel.
The three stopped at the door, and a visible look of concern crossed Clayton's face. "I'm so sorry Kat, but the restaurant is closed until After 11:00"
Jonathan snorted with contempt, "Yeah anyone who can read the itinerary knows that!"
Kat flashed a steely gaze at Jonathan that sent chills down the spine of both young men. The whites of her eyes did not move as she reached into her bag, and produced an electronic key card. With a single, swift motion - Kat swiped the card and the deadbolt of the door clicked open. Her face softened and she flashed her winning smile once again.
"Don't ever doubt me..." and she entered the large empty dining area with her arms outstretched.
"Boys, this is one of my favorite places on the entire ship..." Her voice echoed in the empty space as she let her fingers flip across the legs of chairs that were all upside down on top of the tables. "It is so public... and yet...private at the same time."
Kat walked all the way to the rear of the 'funnel' where the tinted glass looked out upon the throngs of other cruise passengers and employees.
"You see this is one of the many places on this ship that uses an acrylic additive to the glass that my husband developed. It enables light to come in so you can see everything perfectly, but from the outside the surface appears to be a solid surface."
"Wait wait wait..." Jonathan said. "You're telling me your husband come up with the idea of making this funnel a restaurant?"
"Oh honey... you really need to pay more attention..." Kat said as she stuck out her bottom lip in a condescending pout. She walked up very close to Jonathan as she had done earlier and began to brush off lint from his shoulders.
"What I said was... my husband makes the material that made this area POSSIBLE." and with that she once again ran her delicate fingers down Jonathans jaw line and briskly turned to once again face the oblivious passengers. She took hold of the polished wood railing and breathed in deeply, "When they look up here, all they see is the screen where cruise information is displayed along with movies, announcements etcetera."
She walked over to the curved side where a woman was scolding a small child. "Over here all they can see is what appears to be the steel of the ship's funnel."
Jonathan began to put the pieces together in his head about this mystery woman. "So that's why you're so chummy with the Captain!" he said.
Kat took several long strides over to Jonathan making sure her cleavage bounced just right. "Oh no sweetie!" she said and stood up on her tiptoes so she could give him a peck on the cheek. "Merrill has no idea who made the stuff... he just knows that this is one of the features that makes his ship unique!" Kat giggled slightly as she could feel a slight protrusion against her belly as she pressed her breasts into him.
"One thing about these young bucks..." she thought to herself, "they are always ready at a moment's notice."
She once again turned at the flat area facing out past all the passengers. She looked out upon them all going about their business: the mother trying to ignore her crying child... the husband trying to be sly while he watches young girls frolic in the pool... the old man complaining about the olive in his martini... all of them completely unaware they were being watched. She turned and faced the two young men in her trap.
"Clayton... be a dear and re-lock the door." Clayton did as he was told.
Jonathan is it? You sit right here." Kat pointed to a fixed bar stool that was part of a tall table next to the one way glass. Jonathan obeyed and sat where he was told. He was savvy enough to know something was about to happen.
The click of the deadbolts and the illumination of the door lock from green to red was like a switch to Kat's elegant demeanor. She took off her hat and sent it spinning into the room, while she began to sway back and forth slightly to music only she could hear. Jonathan watched shyly as he made his way back to her side.
"Now Clayton..." she purred, "it looks like you had QUITE a night last night..." Her finger reached up and slowly traced around the bump on his forehead.
"Yeah... I woke up this morning thinking about you, and walloped my head on the ceiling." Clayton began to blush.
"Ohhhhhhhh tsk tsk tsk" Kat said as she reached up and tilted Clayton's head down. "You POOR baby!" Kat gently kissed his forehead and took a deep breath so her breasts would heave forward in his viewpoint.
Clayton was thoroughly enjoying the view as he began to fall under Kat's spell once again. Her breasts heaved forward and were straining mightily against the single string between the cups of her bikini top. He wanted so badly to reach up and take them in his hands, but he was a gentleman and kept his hands to his side.
"We are going to have to upgrade your living quarters then." Kat purred as she reached down and took hold of Clayton's trembling hand. She placed his hand on her hip just above the fabric of her bikini bottom, and slowly guided it up her side as she began to kiss him passionately. Kat continued to sway back and forth and grind her body into Clayton's. She could feel his response and she smiled a devilish grin over to Jonathan - who was frozen in place on his bar stool.
Jonathan had seen what he considered to be lots of things in his young life, but this was a first. He felt like he had stepped into one of the porn videos he watched in his room every night that he was unable to score with a passenger. Although he was not the object of the attention, he was getting quite an eyeful of his friend being seduced by a cougar who was becoming more attractive by the second. He watched as Kat guided Clayton's hand up to her breast where she squeezed his hand firmly against her soft flesh. The moan that escaped their passionate kisses began to make his own cock swell in his pants. The pressure made him shift uncomfortably in his place as he glanced over to see a passenger fixing her hair in the reflective surface outside... mere inches from Kat and her prey.
The kiss broke between the two lovers, and Kat looked into Clayton's hungry eyes. "Now Clayton, you are a virgin correct?" Clayton turned 6 shades of red and nodded his head as he stared down at the ground.
Jonathan let out a cruel laugh that cut Clayton straight to the bone, "Whhhhhhhhhat?!?" he exclaimed and continued to laugh hysterically causing his eyes to close.
Before he could take another breath to continue, a sharp and painful sting spread across his cheek, and was quickly followed by the audible sound of a slap echoing through the empty restaurant. Shocked, Jonathan opened his eyes to face Kat who was incensed with rage. Where a seductress had once been, a fearsome figure of authority stood before him.
"Don't you EVER laugh at him again!" Kat took Jonathan's chin in her hand and squared him up to look at her. "Do you... understand?"
Jonathan was in total shock but knew enough to nod his head. "Good boy..." Kat said and roughly released his chin as she turned back to her soon to be lover.
Clayton was glad to have Kat back to himself. When she was near he felt entirely whole. Where life had taken massive chunks out of his self worth, Kat filled them back in. The jab about his virginity made him feel ashamed, but Kat made it all better as she once again pressed her body into his and began to sway gently.
"Now Clayton, if you give me permission... I can take your virginity from you... right here..." Kat turned away from Clayton while sliding every inch of her twisting hips against his crotch. She pressed her firm ass against his impressive bulge as she took hold of the safety railing in front of her. As she looked out upon the throngs of people oblivious to the situation happening before them, she completed her sentence by saying, "... right now."
Clayton couldn't help but press forward into Kat's warmth. The world dissolved around him and all he could see was the woman arching her back in front of him. She would occasionally look over her shoulder and make eye contact him. The whole time she would continue her trance like motions back and forth, up and down. The tension in his pants was becoming painful and he pulled back slightly. Kat noticed his predicament, and slowly turned to face him while gently nibbling on her bottom lip. Her eyes traced up and down his young form, and she gently knelt down before him.
Kat looked up and gently pulled her hair back across her shoulders. Clayton's eyes were open and looking at her, but she could tell that they were not fully registering all that was visible around him. In her peripheral vision Kat could clearly see all the passengers going about their business. She could also clearly see the gawking form of Clayton's friend uncomfortably sitting in his chair and gently nursing a reddened cheek. As Kat reached up to the massive bulge in Clayton's pants and she coyly looked over to make direct eye contact with Jonathan. One Kat was sure she had Jonathan's full attention, she slowly pulled the belt free, and then lowered the zipper one tooth at a time.
She watched as Jonathan's eyes widened. "You like watching... don't you Jonny?" Kat's voice was like melted chocolate over a ripe strawberry. Jonathan nodded his head silently.
"I've heard you're quite the ladies man..." Kat said as she slowly began to pull down Clayton's pants.
The bulge in Clayton's briefs was now lifting the fabric away from his thigh, slightly exposing one of his balls. Kat leaned forward and extended her incredibly long tongue until it touched the exposed portion of her new toy. Clayton moaned softly in appreciation. The extra stimulation was all it took to send his cock south and out the bottom of his briefs.
Kat giggled with delight at the sight of such a powerful young erection, throbbing with each hammer of her lover's heartbeat. She continued to glance over towards Jonathan as she began to swirl her tongue around the pulsing exposed cock head.
"I bet all the women you've been with have been this slow... haven't they Jonny?" Jonathan couldn't take his eyes off Kats tongue. She swirled it around and around the thick cock head. All those times he made fun of Clayton were obviously foolhardy. Oh how he wished his cock could be serviced like that! Kat continued to lick the ridge of the cock before her that was now extended well below the bottom of the once protective briefs.
Kat turned her attention back to the young man standing still before her. "Mmmmmm Clayton..." her soft lips gently kissed the tip of his cock. A thin strand of precum extended from her bottom lip to Clayton's manhood and Kat quickly licked her lips, making sure to not waste a drop, "you taste soooooo sweet."
Her voice trailed off to a reverent whisper as she once again regarded the cock - still half sheathed before her - with the reverence it deserved. Clayton looked down to see Kat's eyes slightly crossed as she studied him with fascination. Not seeing enough however, Kat began to pull his briefs down. When she got to the thick root of his cock she couldn't help herself, and began to nibble and suck on the balls that were being pushed out on either side of his massive member that was still pointed nearly straight down. Clayton closed his eyes and completely lost himself in a hedonistic explosion of pleasure like he had never know before in his life. When Kat saw this reaction, she acted quickly and pulled Clayton's briefs down quickly - effectively freeing the monster she had been teasing for far too long.
The angry beast sprang forward and struck cat on the bottom of her chin. She smiled as the cock continued to slightly impact her chin like a metronome with each throb of pleasure that Clayton experienced. It was as if the beast was keeping time with each tap to Kat's smooth skin.
"Thaaaats it... oh how I've missed your massive cock..." Kat said as she once again looked over at Jonathan who was now sitting open mouthed at the incredible show going on before him.
"Jonny?" She asked, "what's wrong sweetie? Haven't you ever seen a real cock before?" Jonathan didn't know what to say. "Ohhhhhhh tsk tsk tsk... its ok honey... now watch how a REAL woman does her magic." Kat's eyes rolled over as they closed and she turned back to the monster that was hanging before her.
She tilted her head to the side and leaned forward so Clayton's entire cock rested on the side of her face and extended down to her collar bone. The heat on her cheek and the scent of such a virile young man was like a drug and Kat allowed herself to become high on the sexual energy. She extended her long tongue and once again made contact with one of the large swollen balls dangling in front of her open mouth. She began to juggle both of them forward and backward until she finally sucked on of them in her warm mouth and moaned loudly. The vibrations shot straight up Claytons spine and into his eyes which sprung open to regard the view of Kat kneeling before him.
Instinctively he reached out and grasped both sides of her head causing yet another moan of pleasure from deep within her. "That's it baby!" Kat hissed. "... Fuck my mouth!"
Clayton obeyed.
Kat leaned back and centered herself before his cock, and slowly... inch by inch... began to slide his cock into her warm, waiting mouth. Claytons hands tightened into her long beautiful hair, as he looked forward through the glass to see all the young girls around the pool. He had never been a fan, but at this point they were completely useless to him. He would never again be able to look at any girl without comparing her to the goddess on her knees in front of him. As passengers walked by, Clayton began to thrust his hips forward and back with moans of encouragement from Kat. Each thrust had him extending down her throat more and more. The tighter he gripped her hair, the more she responded. Before long he was indeed fucking her mouth like he had imagined on all those lonely nights when Jonathan was out having fun and he was stuck in his cramped little room... alone.
Kat was reveling in the pleasure of having the young man completely give in to his physical desires. With each of his thrusts she would match him perfectly and encourage him to continue. She could feel his heavy balls slapping her chin and looking up into his eyes she could see the level of desire he had for her. Soon, thick strands of her saliva began to bubble out both sides of her mouth with each of his thrusts, and she knew he would not be able to last much longer. She removed his cock from her mouth and began to stroke it furiously. The thick strands of her oral lubricant stretched from her hand to her chin and back to his cock. The sexual energy in the room was palpable and she glanced over at Jonathan to see how the poor lad was doing.
Jonathan had long since lost all modesty or sense of control. He was locked in a room with a woman - the likes of which he had never seen before - furiously working his friends cock. He was personally witnessing sexual acts that had previously only existed in the realm of only fantasy. With each guttural moan, and each loud slurp of her incredibly hot mouth Jonathan's own cock was growing into painful territory. As oblivious passengers walked by with their screaming kids, Jonathan watched as Kat took Claytons entire cock into her mouth and down her throat without even a hint of hesitation. Beyond that...she was begging to have that done repeatedly! Jonathan couldn't stand it anymore and began to stroke himself through his pants. With each bob of Kats head back and forth, Jonathan was matching her movements with his hand. Before long he was developing a darkened wet spot under the fabric of his pockets that would be difficult to hide. He was being given a show, and damn it all if he wasn't going to be part of it... he was going to enjoy it fully.
One of the girls he had been flirting with earlier stopped a few feet away and began to primp her hair and put some lipstick on. Her complete ignorance of what was going on within the restaurant was surprisingly erotic, and Jonathan began to lose control. When he looked back in Kat's direction, they made direct eye contact once again. Kat's hands, face, and chin were all covered with the results of her sloppy blowjob, but she was not ashamed in the least. In fact she seemed to revel in the fact that she was teasing Jonathan beyond belief.
Clayton's moans betrayed the fact that he was about to cum. Kat looked up at him, and instantly stopped the movement of her hand. She gripped the base of Claytons' cock rather forcefully, and held him still. With each pulse of pleasure that washed over him, the pressure from her tight grip reduced his need for release. After a few more long moments, Clayton opened his eyes and looked down at the object of his worship. Once Kat was sure that Clayton was back under her control she turned her gaze back to Jonathan.
"Jonny... I want you to take your little prick out and show it to me." Jonathan didn't know what to do other than obey this woman who seemed so powerful where most women would seem at their most vulnerable. He eased off his bar stool and slowly unfurled his clothes to reveal a slightly smaller than average cock. Seeing his own cock exposed in the air and being held by his own hand was in ridiculous contrast to the massive pulsing member of his friend that was being held by a beautiful woman. Still... even under such a terrible comparison... the sexual energy that Kat was giving off kept him incredibly hard and full of desire.
"Awww don't worry sugar... little cocks need love too you know..." Kat smiled warmly at Jonathan and he felt an uptick of pride that a woman of her stature would say such a thing. Kat turned and looked up at Clayton once again and began to slowly stroke his cock slowly from top to bottom. She never broke eye contact with Clayton as she address both of the young men.
"Clayton... the captain is about to make an announcement to the entire ship about a discussion we had at dinner last night." Her hands made a unique sound of sliding wet flesh as she continued to stroke him. "I want you to be fucking me when he does... are you willing to do that for me Clayton?" Her words wafted around his ears and penetrated the lusty fog that surrounded his head. After a brief realization that he was about to lose his virginity in a rather spectacular fashion, Clayton nodded in agreement. He then heard Kat say "Good boy"
Kat turned her attention to Jonathan. "Jonny... I think you have learned a valuable lesson of humility today... Is that so?" Before she had even finished Jonathan was nodding his head furiously. He would have agreed to mine for ice on the surface of the sun at this point... he was totally under Kat's control.
"Good boy!" Kat smiled while stood up and turned in front of Clayton, while never letting go of his hard cock.
"Jonny... I want you to watch how a real man... even a virgin...has sex with a real woman. Can you do that?...Good!" Kat looked out at the passengers and lifted her knee to the railing in front of the glass. She then pulled her bikini bottom to the side and exposed her dripping sex to the two young studs. Using her hand that had never released Clayton, she guided him to the sweet spot and held him there.
She once again looked lustfully over at Jonathan with her eyes half open, "If you're a good boy I will reward you too... now watch EVER so carefully..."
Kat's voice trailed off into a whisper, and she released her grip on Clayton. She let her sex settle down upon the cock head that was pounding at her entrance. Both Kat and Clayton breathed in sharply through their teeth as the glorious initial connection was made. Kat's hips shuddered, sending soft waves through the soft skin of her perfectly round ass. Clayton's ass cheeks clenched up as he instinctively thrust forward. Kat's mouth opened in a silent scream as the full length and girth of her young lover began to fill her sex. The leg that had been propped up on the rail snapped back down to the ground as Kat arched her back and stood up on her tip toes. As each incredibly thick inch of Clayton's cock entered her she tilted her head further and further back. Before long she was almost staring at the ceiling as the final inch disappeared. Clayton reached forward and took hold of Kat's toned arms, pulling them back and effectively holding them in place. Then, as his pelvis slowly contacted Kat's warm bottom, the two stayed in their erotic position for several moments like a Greek statue frozen in time.
Jonathan was amazed. He had never seen anything that erotic in his entire life. The two lovers were joined as one - mere inches from hundreds of unaware passengers. He could see that Kat's breasts where winning the battle against the bikini top's fabric and soon they would be free. With her back arched and arms gently pinned behind her, one of her thick nipples slipped past the side of the red fabric and burst forth into the light. Jonathan's hand began to move against his bare cock that was aching to have some satisfaction. "Holy SHIT!" he thought to himself as he stared at Kat's breasts.
Kat seemed to know exactly what was happening as she turned her long neck and looked directly at Jonathan. She knew that looking into the eyes of a woman being fucked was more than almost any boy or man could handle, and she was right: the surge of energy when they made eye contact made Jonathan's hand beat furiously against his cock. Kat smiled warmly once again, and closed her eyes back to her lover.
Clayton felt the instinctive urge to pull back and thrust forward once again. His ears were greeted by Kat loudly saying "Oh YES!".
He did it again on this time harder.
"OH FUCK YEAH!"
A third time and his pelvis made an audible smack against Kat's firm ass.
"Yes baby that's it... FUCK ME!"
Those words were all it took and Clayton was off to the races. With complete and utter abandon, Clayton's hips were practically a blur. He relentlessly and without any hesitation bucked up and down into Kat's pussy. The power with which he was fucking her pushed Kat up and over the rail, which caused her to firmly press both of her ample breasts onto the glass. "Ohhhhhhhhhh Sh- sh- sh- shiiiiit" Kat hissed with each of Clayton's animalistic thrusts.
"Fuck yeah baby... take me... fucking take me NOW!"
On the other side, an old woman was complaining to the deck waiter about the service she was getting. She also was highly annoyed at the slight feedback her hearing aid was getting at that very moment. She kept hearing very soft, but very foul language coming from somewhere nearby. The waiter smiled and turned on his heel. Once out of sight he rolled his eyes and cursed the crazy old lady for hearing voices. "Hopefully this will be her LAST cruise!" he thought to himself.
Back on the inside, the once virginal Clayton had fully submitted to the carnal pleasures that Kat offered. He did not lose his virginity making love... he lost his virginity fucking. Make that Fucking with a capitol "F". He opened his eyes long enough to see Kat's toned back as her hair flailed wildly about her head. Ever the gentleman, he let go of her arms and reached forward to pull her hair into a quasi-ponytail. As he did so, he could see Kat's face twisted in pleasure. Not realizing the strength he had in his passionate condition, he pulled a bit too hard on the fistful of hair in his hand. Kat's reaction was quite surprising, and intense.
"Arrrgh YES! Pull my hair like the cock slut I am! FUCK!" The word 'fuck' was like an exclamation point at the end of a loud sentence. Kat then continued. "yeah baby... YEAH baby... THATS it... uh huh... that's it FUCK me good...FUCK ME... ooooo YEAH!" And she began to smile that familiar heartwarming smile. This triggered Clayton's virginal first orgasm inside a woman and it seemed to last forever.
Outside on the main deck, the chime of the P.A. system rang out to all the passengers. A voice asked all those on the main deck to please look to the main viewing screen on the stern side of the funnel where the captain could be seen with a special announcement. All eyes turned to the large screen display that flickered to life showing the captains smiling face. All listened intently as he proceeded to inform them that two the VIP passengers aboard had graciously offered to extend the cruise an additional week - at no cost - for those who wish to travel to a private island just south of the next port of call. All those who wish to keep their original itinerary would have the opportunity to return to the mainland on the sister ship that would be maintaining the regular schedule.
Meanwhile, just inside the display surface - Kat's breasts were pressed firmly against the glass as Clayton began to growl and cum inside her. With each short thrust he made, Kat could feel the warmth of his seed as it spread into her pussy. The sensation triggered her own orgasm which washed over her body and shattered her mind into a million pieces. As the sparkles of pleasure rained down, her eyes looked out to the crowd who all appeared to be watching her as the young stud continued to pour copious amounts of sperm into her.
Jonathan could not take it any longer. Hearing the pleasure filled grunts of his friend, along with the lusty moans of Kat triggered the start of his own orgasm. His hand gripped his cock firmly and nearly disappeared with the speed of his motion. He began to shudder in place when Kat noticed his predicament. Even though she was in the throes of her own pleasure, she deftly reached out her long toned arm, just in time to be able to grip the tip of his cock with her soft hand. The sensation of Kat's skin against his made Jonathan explode into her fingers. Multiple white ropes of cum shot into her palm with several finding clearance between her fingers - effectively coating her wrist with a warm glaze.
The speed and velocity of Jonathan's release made Kat giggle as she said "Oh my! Jonny you NAUGHTY boy!"
The crowd outside began to cheer about their extended cruise as the three satisfied lovers gazed upon one another with panting breaths and the occasional aftershock of pleasure. Clayton gradually eased his tamed cock from Kat's dripping sex. Kat grabbed the nearest tablecloth to begin cleaning up the massive amount of cum that was headed down her tan leg as well as the white goo stringing off her wrist. Jonathan collapsed back on his bar stool chair and desperately tried to catch his breath from the most intense experience he had ever had. The three lovers silently smiled at each other as they once again gazed out to the crowd that was now beginning to disperse.
Kat was the first one to speak. "You boys sure know how to show a girl a good time!" Kat smiled at them both as they began to make themselves decent again. "Will you both be able to attend to my every wish for the now extended cruise?" Both of the young men found it hard to articulate words, but the wide grins in slight nods indicated that they indeed would be at Kat's beck and call any time she desired.
"Good!" Kat said as she pulled her bikini top back into place. "Oops!" She gasped, as she used a long fingernail to scratch up a glob of cum between her breasts. "Jonny you really need to get out more... it's not healthy to have so much backed up!" She did not make any effort to find the soiled tablecloth, but instead, regarded her fingertip as if it were a fine piece of caviar before licking it clean from top to bottom.
Both Clayton and Jonathan were fixated on Kat's red lips as she smacked them clean with delight. She swiped her keycard at the door lock while giving Clayton a playful wink and stepped out the door. Clayton followed Jonathan through the doorway and looked over his shoulder to see if it was obvious what had just happened in the closed restaurant. Just as he turned forward again, he heard a loud thump and saw Jonathan's head snap back nearly vertical. Without even a whimper Jonathan's unconscious body crumpled unceremoniously to the floor. One of his teeth sailed through the air along with a few drops of blood. The newly freed tooth then skipped and bounced along the floor until it was caught under the toe of Kat's 3" heels.
Kat's face lit up as she regarded her enraged husband. "Hi honey!" she exclaimed.
The beastly man was standing above Jonathans crumpled body while shaking his fist in a futile effort to remove the pain from his bloodied white knuckles. For his part, Clayton was crouched over holding his arms above his head for protection. Kat looked down at the tooth on the floor and then once again smiled broadly to her husband.
"Can I keep them both?" Kat fluttered her eyelashes at her husband and took several long strides to stand close to him. Her long fingers traced the defining lines of his incredibly large arms still quivering with adrenaline. "I will... make it worth your while..." her words trailed off to a whisper as she gently took her husband earlobe between her front teeth.
The tension in her husband's arms evaporated and he once again began to appear only slightly enraged. He knelt down and roughly grabbed Jonathans shoulders and stood him upright against the wall. The young man's legs were still very rubbery as he gradually spun up his internal gyroscopes in order to maintain some sort of balance.
Still in a daze, Jonathan looked over at Clayton and said, "Dude we need to go find that MILF you have the hots for..." A large sappy grin spread across his face exposing the gap his tooth had once filled. His eyes rolled over once again and he was out cold.