Note- Thanks to Mrs 123z for inspiration and love. This is not a true story by the way.
xxx
Owing to my wife's ravenous sexual appetite and my diminishing libido I had been faced with two choices to save my marriage. I desperately wanted my relationship to Susy to continue but knew she was in need of a regular sex life. At the age of sixty two I had no patience in trying to find another like her, because on a scale of ten Susy was an eleven. So, I could let her carry on cheating, fucking any and every man who came along, regardless of their sexual prowess or experience. Or, I could choose her lovers. Supply her with handsome and expert lovers who would satisfy her every need. And, as I discovered a latent voyeuristic bent in myself, I would insist on watching her little trysts in person. I shared my concerns with Susy and she agreed with my wishes. I knew deep down that if ever I were to lose my wealth she would leave me in an instant so this provided me with the opportunity to live out both of our fantasies. My experiment had so far been a success and Susy had been content with my arranged male escorts I had so far provided. Now I proposed something a bit more spicy.
"So, I can choose TWO of these men?"
"Absolutely. Any of them you fancy?"
Susy and I were on our bed in our luxury four bedroom apartment in Kingswood, Surrey. The place was our second home in the suburbs and had set me back ten million. I had been successful financially and had retired at the age of fifty five with a healthy bank balance of fifty million pounds sterling. My gorgeous twenty three year old Spanish wife was wearing a thin tee shirt and barely there panties and was reading the profiles of the escorts of 'Male Company' on her Samsung tablet. They had all been vetted and were healthy as well as good looking and naturally well hung. Susy was a vivacious, outgoing minx from Barcelona with an unquenchable thirst for wild sex and I had been blown away when we first met. I had treated her like a princess, doted on her and had been very generous. We had shared an amazing sex life together and it had been my misfortune that I simply could not keep up with her any longer.
"He looks nice."
Susy was on her front and was idly kicking her feet up and down as she pointed at Leo. I looked over her shoulder and brushed her glossy black hair over her back and read the profile. Only twenty six, he was a keen sportsman who loved the company of women.
"He IS very handsome. A bit young though. How about him?"
Samuel was a well groomed thirty year old with a full beard and dark eyes. At a hundred Euro's an hour he promised to fulfil every woman's desires and needs. He boasted of his virility, stamina and willing to role play. Perfect for my next idea for Susy.
"Read the reviews."
Susy read aloud. I loved her soft honeyed voice and Spanish accent.
"Si. He is attentive, passionate but most importantly very skilled in bed. Bien. I choose him, Eric."
"And who else?"
I had a 'menage a trois' in mind and needed a second stud. Jay had his picture with his shirt off, displaying his ripped torso and six pack. Thirty years old he was six feet tall, had eyes of hazel and brown hair. He liked fine food, good clothes and exotic women.
"He's your number two, no question."
"Oh, Eric! I am excited already. When can we play?"
"I'll make a call right away."
Susy hugged me and kissed me and I picked up my mobile phone and called the agency.
"I must get some new lingerie." She gushed as she logged onto the 'Victoria's Secret' website. "Anything to please you, dearest Eric."
x
I chose our special bedroom with the king sized bed and antique table lamps for the tryst. The headboard was nice and big in faux leather and behind it were a run of concealed cupboards with white mouldings. The awaited evening arrived and as Susy got herself ready I welcomed our two special guests. I had heard their vehicle pull up in the driveway and greeted them at the door. We went into the main room where I offered them both a drink. They both sat and I noted how well dressed they were. No more shabby dumbass fuckers for Susy anymore I smiled to myself. Only the crème de la crème. I handed Samuel a whisky tumbler and his piercing brown eyes met mine. His hair was swept back and his beard had been freshly trimmed close to his chiseled jaw. Both men in fact looked ruggedly handsome, and in good shape by the way their well cut suits hung on them.
"So, you guys like your work I'm guessing."
"I do," answered Jay. "I love the ladies."
He spread his hands and grinned. Samuel took a gulp of his drink and nodded.
"Me too, and if you'll forgive me for saying but your wife is a terrific piece of ass."
"Not at all. In fact I'm flattered. Susy IS one in a million, believe me. I'll just go check on her. I'll give you a shout when she's ready."
I left them to make their own conversation as I sought out my wife. Susy finally appeared from the bathroom and looked her usual glamorous best. Her new baby doll was a mesh Chantilly lace number in black with matching V string panties. Her D cup breasts were held up just above the cinched in waist and had lightly lined underwire cups. The hem was an inch decent and showed off her gazelle like legs splendidly. She did a happy twirl in her bare feet and the nightie lifted up at the back and I glimpsed her perfect butt with the separated cheeks. Her hair had been blow dried into waves that flowed over her back and down to her breasts.
"Are the guys here?" She asked as she wrung her hands in excitement.
"Downstairs. We just need one final addition to your outfit before we start."
Susy raised her left brow when I produced a red silk scarf.
"Que?"
"Have you ever had any kinky fantasies, my dear? Something out of the ordinary? Tonight I want you blindfolded, my love. And on no circumstance must you remove it until I give you the word. Agreed?"
"Si."
"You won't regret it."
I saw Susy shiver with a thrill as I wrapped the long scarf over her eyes and back around her head. I made sure it was real tight and then I stood back and grinned as she groped in the air in darkness.
"We're ready!" I called out and the sound of the bedroom door being opened was heard by a clueless Susy.
"Eric?"
I checked the Logitech webcam I had set up earlier was in the correct position to view the upcoming scene and I withdrew silently from the room. I entered the second bedroom on the right where I was going to stream the threesome to my Panasonic laptop so I could watch the whole thing. As I focused I observed Jay and Samuel already beside Susy and both were stark bollock naked. Jay teased the stunning brunette with a brush of her right cheek with his fingertips and she turned her head in confusion. He moved behind her as Samuel passed her and breathed on her elegant neck.
"Quien es?" I heard her ask in bemusement.
She blindly reached out with both hands as four firm hands held her tight and hustled her to the big bed.
"Relax, Mrs. Thompson. You're in good hands." Said Samuel in an educated voice.
"VERY good hands." Agreed Jay as he pressed his naked body against her from behind.
I saw his upstanding erection fit into the sublime crack of Susy's delectable ass as he traced his pursed lips from her shoulder to her collarbone. He swept her lustrous hair back and Susy crooked her head to one side and sighed contently. In front of her Samuel ran his hands slowly up the front of her toned thighs, raking his well manicured fingers across her soft flesh. Her tits were now cupped from behind as Jay humped her with light pelvic thrusts. Sandwiched between the two Susy welcomed the attention as those same four hands zeroed in on her pussy mound. "Oooohhh!"
I removed my clothes and sat on the edge of the bed and watched the laptop screen intently. Samuel had moved Susy's thin panties so that he slide his middle finger inside her bald cunt. I could see her legs tremble as he frigged her and her head turned this way and that as she struggled to focus being blinded by the scarf. Jay had her big breasts out from the baby doll and was rubbing and pulling her nipples until they were hard.
"Ooops!"
Susy flung her arms out as she was unceremoniously tipped forwards onto the bed and her face met the sheets. Deprived of her sight she had to strain her ears as she must have wondered what would occur next. It was Jay who whipped her panties off and prise her long pins open so that he could lick her pussy slit from behind her. She writhed on her belly as the ripped stud dug his nails in the ripe flesh of her buns and clamped his mouth to her pussy. I could not make out his moves but Susy obviously loved what he was doing from the muffled moans she made as she buried her face in one of the fluffy pillows.
"Si. Si!"
Samuel looked on as he nodded to Jay who shifted over his fuck buddy. Susy tried to gather her senses as the naked hunk pulled her up onto her knees with both hands so that her nicely rounded ass stuck up and out. With an assured thrust he entered her from behind and the unexpected penetration made Susy scream out. I could see her juices dripping down her silky thighs then as Samuel pulled on her mane of black hair and made her arch her back.
"Fucking hell!" I murmured under my breath. I had watched Susy having sex with other men now on several occasions but this was altogether different. The two hired cocks were following my instruction perfectly and were fucking Susy with a certain aggression. Not that I wanted her to feel pain or discomfort, just some down to earth primal sex. Susy was still on her knees on the bed and was struggling to keep her balance as Samuel pounded her with heavy thrusts from behind. I could clearly make out the loud slap of his groin against her awesome ass and his grip on her hips forced her back to him before she lurched forward again. Her large tits bounced together beneath her as the bearded stud kept up his steady strokes.
"Ay, yi!"
Jay hopped up in front of her and tapped his boner on the bridge of her cute nose. Bought by me actually at a considerable cost. One of several cosmetic alterations Susy had insisted on. She moved her head trying to locate his cock, still unable to see anything, and eventually he let her lips make contact. As she slurped on his knob Jay held her head and pretty much fucked her face with the same intensity that Samuel was fucking her pussy. The pair of fit studs had excellent bodies and their well defined butts clenched and unclenched as their hips propelled them into my wife. I zoomed in on Susy's bottom region and saw the shiny wetness on her inner thighs and crevice and my cock reached half mast.
"Harder! Fuck me harder!"
To my constant surprise I found myself delighting in seeing her incredible body being used by two men. Maybe I was always a voyeur as I enjoyed looking at Susy in the buff for all the years we had been together. I had to watch her get fucked. I WANTED to watch her get fucked. Hard.
"Flip her."
Susy was tipped up onto her back and her slender legs were pushed up so that her feet pointed up to the ceiling.
"Fuck me, she's so slick!"
Jay got between my wife's parted thighs and shoved his massive cock into her hairless pussy.
"Joder!"
He began to move in and out and I became hypnotised by the young mans hips that moved back and forth with precision. As his rate of strokes increased a sheen of sweat covered his toned body. Samuel turned Susy's head to his cock and her mouth searched for it like a baby yearns for its mothers tit. Susy had never looked so wanton as she was double stuffed. She writhed beneath them, still oblivious as to how they looked in the flesh or how well hung they were, and I guessed that her over active imagination must have been working overtime. It was quite obvious that my little fuck puppy was truly loving it as she gasped and groaned.
"Mmm!"
The sheets rucked under her bared bottom as her flimsy nightie became hopelessly crumpled around her midriff. Her huge tits were both exposed and Jay groped at the globes of flesh as he rammed into her with gusto. Samuel sawed his hips to and fro as his lengthy dick as slurped up by a humming Susy.
"It's like fucking a tube of warm honey." He remarked, clearly impressed.
Jay fucked her harder and she grabbed bunches of sheet as her gorgeous body was pinned to the bed by his driving knob. His full length entered her with more powerful thrusts and he had a determined look on his face. These two escorts were certainly earning their money. Her legs flapped in the air and her tits jiggled as she moaned on Sam's dick.
"Cum for me, babe. Cum for me." I urged as my eyes remained glued to the laptop screen.
My own cock was fully erect now and I strummed the shaft as Susy groaned and squirmed between the expert lovers. Her eyes were still hooded as she thrashed her head from side to side as her orgasm rocked her. The guys remained in position as they allowed Susy to enjoy her well earned climax. Jay was the first to break the coupling and he slipped out of Susy's puffy cunt which was soaked with her juices. Samuel moved aside and Susy, panting hard from the excellent pounding from Jay sat up. I returned to the bedroom in the buff and applauded all three.
"Eric?"
"Susy. You can remove the scarf."
She undid the blindfold and fluffed up her hair at the back if her head. Her nightie was in tatters and we all three gazed at her perfect body. Skin of light olives. breasts full and heavy on her chest and a glistening and very pink Mons. As usual my eyes followed her enticing tattoo of a string of roses that snaked around her body from her left shoulder to her left hip and down to the top of her bikini line. She blinked and checked out the guys, putting her index finger to the corner of her mouth as she drank in their smooth chests, defined six packs and strong arms. Together with their good looks they were the entire package. But it was their erections that Susy gazed at, probably surprised at how she had been able to accommodate them both.
"Our turn I think." I announced.
"Please do." Agreed my ravenous wife.
The guys stood on either side of Susy who perched on the edge of the bed with her legs open to let her steaming hot cunt cool off. She turned her left from left to right and then back again, wondering which one would be the first to ejaculate. Jay exhaled loudly as he wanked his hose at her and spurted onto her upturned face with several healthy bursts. A hair breath after him Samuel bathed Susy's cheeks and mouth with his cum which then dripped from her chin and down her cleavage as if in slow motion. As she cooed in delight and rubbed the white cream into her sweaty flesh I came into my fist. Embarrassing dribbles that barely wet my palm. The blood must have rushed to my groin as I felt slightly dizzy and stumbled into my wife's arms.
"Ah, Eric. How was I?"
"I think the word is staggering, my love."
Later, Susy told me in detail how being blindfolded had heightened all her other senses, so much so that her nostrils were filled with the guys manly scent, her mouth had never tasted cock quite like this, and she even heard her own pussy making noise as she was fucked hard. x
I had found the whole thing to be incredibly erotic and having seen Susy enjoy and easily handle not one, but TWO big cocks I had a fancy to raise the bar again. I am of the age that I can recall that blonde bombshell, Marilyn Monroe, being told that her body was so incredible that she would look hot even in a potato sack! Susy was the same and was stunning in everything from lingerie, mini skirts and of course swimsuits. With her enhanced D cup boobs and long legs I dreamed of her in black thigh high boots and tight bustier. And being fucked by four studs at the same time. At this moment in time I kept her in the dark about the gangbang and just told her it would be brilliant if she could give me a lap dance on our upcoming anniversary. She said yes, and then I proposed inviting one or two friends along for the show too. Susy readily agreed and I began to make the arrangements that same evening. It would be a night I would never forget.
End of part two.