Author's Note: This has been intentionally written to work as a stand-alone story, as I know many prefer one-shots. However, it is also the second chapter of my 'Adventures in Teenage Hormones' series, so if you like it feel free to check out the first. The following is an entirely true story, only the names have been changed.
Disclaimer: this story took place towards the end of Year 13 (the US equivalent of which being high school senior year) and so all characters are 18 or over.
*****
"You fingered Annie!" yelled Jackie, "in a drama hall full of people! You must have known someone would see and I'd find out, but you didn't care, you did it anyway!"
Funnily enough she was wrong: no-one had seen. Or at least, no-one was confident enough in what they saw to tell anyone. It's ironic actually, given how blatant we were, that the truth only got out because Annie stupidly trusted her friend Megan with it. I felt as if Jackie wouldn't appreciate this irony though, so I kept quiet.
"I'm sorry," I replied, "I really am. I'm not gonna try and excuse what I did, all I can do is ask for forgiveness and promise that it'll never happen again."
Jackie took a deep breath. "Maybe, given enough time, if I thought you truly regretted it, I could forgive you. But I could never trust you again, and a relationship is built on trust. We're over."
Of course I begged and I pleaded with her, but she wasn't for turning. In hindsight, the breakup was for the best: we weren't right for each other at all. It certainly didn't seem that way at the time though; I was genuinely devastated.
The breakup had wider consequences as well. The majority of my friends were also friends with Jackie and, understandably, took her side. As a result I had only two people who were willing to exchange words with me that weren't insults: Nicole (a girl I met at a concert and only met up with rarely), and Annie.
This situation was made more complicated by the fact that I still hated Annie for how she had treated me when we had been together (before I got together with Jackie) and for 'tempting me' into cheating on Jackie. In reality of course, I was the instigator far more than Annie was, but that wasn't how I saw things at the time.
Inevitably, I ended up getting closer to Annie. I didn't really have much choice, given I was spending all my time in school with her now that I had no-one else.
We weren't really flirtatious with each other, mainly because I still had very conflicted feelings towards her. On the one hand I still hadn't forgiven her, but on the other I was increasingly being reminded of what attracted me to her in the first place. On top of that, I was still a horny teen, and she was by far my best chance of getting laid.
In the end, I think when I did finally ask her out it was at least partially just to simplify things. Up to then, I was increasingly disliking Jackie - but equally feeling massively guilty about what I did - while she pretended to be my friend in an effort to appear the bigger person, but was passive aggressive to me the entire time. Meanwhile, I was pretending to myself and everyone else that I hated Annie, yet also spending all my time with her and inexorably falling for her again.
Eventually, it was just easier to get back with Annie. That way, I liked Annie and she liked me; I disliked Jackie and she disliked me: everything was straightforward. Of course, that disregards the hatred for Annie that was still simmering, but my approach was to ignore that and hope it went away. Needless to say it didn't work, but that's a different story.
So once Annie and I were finally back together, we had to organise a (second) first date. We decided to go to the cinema (to seeStar Trek: Into Darkness, in case you were interested).
Of course, with no reason not to anymore, we started sexting again with a vengeance. We regularly sent each other nudes, and she now only orgasmed when I instructed her to.
Most nights ended with a sexting session that would last several hours (and multiple orgasms for her, unless I was feeling cruel).
It seems weird in retrospect, but at this point we had never even kissed, and the only time I had actually touched any of her flesh other than her hand was when I had been feeling up her ass in the drama hall.
What this meant was that we were both brimming with sexual energy and overflowing with lust for each other. With that in mind, that cinema date was never likely to end innocently.
We met up in town, and headed to a burger king for some food. It was there that we shared our first kiss. Needless to say it wasn't particularly romantic.
The first kiss itself was a quick and fairly chaste affair, but immediately afterwards we went back in, and this time my tongue was in her mouth.
In fairness to her, she was a pretty good kisser, and I was happy to simply enjoy the taste of her lips against mine and the sensation of our tongues engaging in their incredibly erotic and sensual dance.
We kissed like that for a while, before heading back out towards the cinema. Halfway there, I stopped her and pulled her in for another kiss. While my left hand moved to the back of her head, my right glided down her back to her ass.
To set the scene, this was in the middle of a busy shopping centre; there were hundreds of people moving around us, and I was blatantly groping this girl's ass.
Annie moaned into my mouth as I felt her up, and I could tell she was just as horny as I was. Our bodies were pressed together, so she must have felt my hardness poking into her.
After a second that felt like an hour, we moved on and finally found our way to the cinema. It was a fairly quiet screen: the seats beside ours were empty, as were those immediately in front and behind.
The lights had barely been dimmed when we were kissing again. For a while, we were happy just to make out, but after what must have been about 20 minutes I moved my hand up to her tits. They weren't bad, perhaps a tad smaller than ideal but certainly not tiny, I would guess towards the larger end of a B cup.
Not that any of this mattered to me at the time: this was the first time I'd ever fondled a girl's boobs, I wasn't about to be fussy. For a moment, I enjoyed the softness of her breast under my hand, but I quickly became frustrated by her clothes in the way.
Suddenly, I pulled my hand away and pushed it back up under her shirt, flipping her bra out of the way so that there were no barriers between us. Her skin was so soft under my fingers, and she moaned as I stroked and squeezed her flesh.
I kept kissing her throughout this, partly to mask the sounds she was making but mainly because I was enjoying it. I bit down gently - but not too gently - on her lip, drawing a gasp from her before I clamped my lips back onto hers.
I flicked my finger across her hard nipple, before gripping it between two of my fingers and pulling on it. She moaned a little louder at that, and ran her hand down my chest and stomach before settling on the front of my jeans.
As I continued to play with her nipples, she rubbed my dick through my trousers. Initially rubbing with a flat palm, she then wrapped her fingers round my girth and began to rub me up and down, essentially giving me a hand-job through my jeans.
At this point we were being far from subtle. She was blatantly rubbing my dick, while her shirt had gotten hiked up, exposing most of her midriff. Looking up from the rows in front, you could probably see my hand on her tits.
Annie had taken control for the moment, and I took a second to savour the feeling of her rubbing my dick, while her kissing pushed me back into my seat.
I wasn't to be outdone, however, and slid my hand out of her shirt and down to her trousers. I rubbed her for a second, before moving to the button on her jeans and undoing it. Her hand tensed around my dick as I slid my fingers under the waistband of her underwear.
I pushed two fingers into her pussy, causing her to moan loudly. It was loud enough for someone tp hear, but neither of us cared. I pistoned my fingers in and out of her wet pussy as she moaned into my mouth.
Her hand had fallen limp in my lap by this point, distracted by her own pleasure. I grabbed hold of her hair with my free hand and pulled her head back as I kissed her and fingered her vigorously.
She was doing a fairly good job of keeping quiet - only moaning under her breath - but this changed when I added a third finger into her virgin pussy. A slightly louder moan was followed by several more of increasing intensity.
Her eyes closed and her cheeks flushed as her orgasm hit; I felt her pussy clench around my fingers. I withdrew them and held them up to her mouth, where she dutifully sucked and licked them clean.
Then like a flash her hands went for my own jeans. Her hand reached inside and grasped my dick in the flesh for the first time. My own hand returned up her shirt to continue its assault on her nipples, eliciting another soft moan from her.
Her hand was soft and sensual on my dick, it felt so intimate. She wanked me in my jeans for a minute, but clearly she felt restricted, as before I knew it she pulled my dick out and started rubbing me out in the open.
I gave her nipple a pinch in retaliation, as she worked her hand up and down my pole. I knew that we were being incredibly obvious: my dick was literally out in the middle of the cinema. All it would take would be someone glancing our way and they'd see what was going on, but I was surprised by how little I cared.
In fact, in all likelihood at least someone must have already done just that, and they hadn't done anything to stop it. That meant that they were still watching. I didn't know who, but the balance of probability was that someone, likely several people, were watching me getting wanked off.
I had never been so turned on in my life. I gave Annie's nipple another pinch as her fingers lightly caressed my bell end, before sliding back down my length to fondle my balls. She went back to vigorously sliding up and down my length before I whispered:
"Stop, I'm gonna cum." She ignored me, so I gave her nipple a hard twist. "I mean it." As much as I was enjoying myself, cum-stains would be hard to explain.
She pouted at me, but she quickly perked up as my hand made its way towards her waistband once more...