Tom awoke cold and still drunk. Some coals were sill glowing in the ski cabin fireplace but the fire was mostly out. He remembered playing some drinking games with the his girlfriend Lauren and her co-workers, earlier that night, but it was dark now and no one was around. Lauren's boss Dave, who had played football in college, had rented the cabin for the weekend and Tom had spent most of the day skiing with Lauren's friends, who appeared now to all be fast asleep in their own rooms.
Tom stumbled into the kitchen to drink some water and was lucky enough to spy a bottle of Advil on the counter He downed some pills and started downstairs to his room where he could sleep off his growing headache.
As he rounded the corner from the stairs to his bedroom he froze in his tracks when he heard a woman shout, "Oh fuck me Dave! Fuck me hard. Don't stop!"
And with that he heard a deep manly grunt as what had been a soft "slap slap slap" sound suddenly became much louder.
One half of Tom's brain knew immediately what was going on: Lauren's huge black boss Dave was fucking his petite white girlfriend Lauren. But the other half of Dave's brain couldn't believe that his woman, the shy virgin he had deflowered less than a year ago, was now cheating on him... and he had to see it for himself.
Before he even got to the door he was hit with the overpowering smell of sex. The aroma of pre-cum, vaginal lubrication, and sweat only inflamed his desire to peak in the room. And once he did he couldn't look away.
A pair of toned marathon-runner white legs were splayed wide in the air and bent at their knees. Between them was a hulk of a black man his muscular butt pumping back and forth. The biggest pair of balls Tom had ever seen were slapping against the white woman's butt. Thick white fluid surrounded the woman's engorged pussy and and the base of the man's monster cock. Tom could even see a puddle of wetness on the bed beneath the two lovers.
"Oh oh oh oh yeah ahh ahh ahh ahh oh yeah ohhhh oh yeah uhn mmmhmmm," the women moaned as the black Adonis fucked her unmercifully. Tom had never heard his Lauren moan like that when they made love and for a moment he thought he was in the wrong room.
But when he took another step into the bedroom he could see Lauren's pretty, girl next door face clearly... although it did not seem like Lauren was conscious. Her eyes were closed and she had a blissfully content look on her face as Dave slowed his pace but seemed to somehow push deeper into her.
"Mmmhmmm... Ohhh yess... Uhhn uhhn," Lauren breathed, still in another universe.
But while Lauren may have lost all track of her surroundings Tom realized for the first time that Dave was now looking directly at him through a reflection in the bathroom mirror. This was also the first time that Tom realized he had his hand in his boxers and was stroking his cock while he watched Dave fuck his girlfriend.
Startled Tom froze, hand locked on his rock hard dick. He had no idea what to do until Dave calmly moved his finger to his lips and whispered "Shhh" all without breaking his rhythm with Lauren.
Matching Dave's calm, Tom inched back to the doorway and tried to collect his thoughts. Dave just continued to fuck Lauren with an intensity and confidence that somehow alleviated Tom's jealousy. Dave was built for fucking women. Nature wanted this to happen. And there was nothing strange about wanting to watch David work.
With a loud grunt Dave thrusted down hard into Lauren one last time, his gigantic balls twitching as they shot load after load of cum deep into Lauren's pussy. This brought her legs to life for the first time Tom was in the room as they tightly wrapped themselves around Dave's torso. "Mmmhmmm," Lauren moaned contentedly as she descended from her final orgasm of the night.
As Tom watched the two lovers drift from ecstasy to unconsciousness he gathered himself up and headed toward the door, but not before picking up a pair of clean boxers to replace his now cum soaked shorts. He stumbled back out into the hallway, down another flight of stairs, and into the only remaining empty bedroom in the massive ski cabin. Then he promptly passed out.
There were no windows in the room so Tom did not wake when the rest of the houseguests did the next morning. Instead, he was dreaming of better times, specifically the first time Lauren given him a blowjob. She had been so nervous and gentle that Tom almost asked her to try a little harder. But her pretty face, dainty lips, and innocent eyes looking up at him had been too much for his stamina and he had no trouble shooting a load down her eager to please throat.
But this dream was different. Lauren was looking up at him with a cunning look in her eyes and she was sucking his dick like a cock starved pro. It felt so real that Tom opened his eyes only to realize that Lauren was actually in bed with him greedily sucking his cock.
"Oh good, you're up," Lauren whispered as she moved up his body to give him a kiss while keeping a tight grip on his dick with her right hand. "I'm super horny and I need you inside me right now," she continued. With that she guided his cock into her sopping wet pussy and began to aggressively ride him in the cowgirl position.
Tom had no idea how to react but to just lie there and enjoy it. His mind was overwhelmed with emotions. Did he really see what he saw last night? Was he jealous? Was he mad? Did he want to break up with Lauren? God she felt fantastic right now. And her gorgeous perky B cup tits were right in front of his face begging to be sucked. She really is riding me hard and squeezing my dick tight with her kegels. Why does her pussy feel wetter and hotter than I ever remember?
As Tom began to enjoy Lauren's tits, first licking around her areola and flicking her nipple hard with his tongue before squeezing it hard between his lips, Lauren began to moan, but not quite as deeply as the night before, "Mmmhmmm...yeah... that feels good... don't stop Tom... I love you so much," she said.
It felt good to hear Lauren say that after last night. It felt great really. Maybe it had been just a bad dream. Tom decided to get more into it, moving his hands to Lauren's tight bubble butt and squeezing it hard in rhythm Lauren's cowgirl bucking.
That's when Lauren lowered the boom. "I'm so happy you're not mad about last night Tom," she said without stopping her hard grind on his cock. "Dave said you wouldn't be. He said you enjoyed the show," she continued.
Tom dropped his hands from Lauren's ass and released her tit from his mouth. He stared up at her with a hurt shocked look on his face. Lauren stopped too. But where Tom was indecisive she was 100% confident. She leaned in so that her soft tits pressed up against his chest and her mouth was right next to his ear and she whispered, "Flip me over, fuck me like a man, and reclaim this pussy." She then bit his earlobe.
Filled with a rush of lust, jealousy, and rage, Tom did exactly that. He muscled himself on top, pinning Lauren's upper body tightly between his chest and forearms, all without ever withdrawing his rock hard cock from her sopping wet pussy. Then he began to fuck her like he had never fucked her before.
Tom was Lauren's first lover and he had always been gentle with her. But after what he saw last night Tom did not hold back. He didn't jackhammer her like a teenager though. Instead, he took long deep strokes pushing his pubic bone up against her clit as hard as he could with each insertion. Lauren loved it.
"UUGGHHNN... ohhh shit Tom... fuck me hard... fuck me just like that," she wailed. And Tom did. Only shifting his position somewhat so he could nibble on Lauren's breast with his lips and flick her nipple with his tongue while he fucked her for all he was worth.
"Oh fuck... I'm going to cum Tom... Cum with me... cum inside me... give me your cum Tom," Lauren moaned. Lauren hardly ever talked dirty. But when she did Tom loved it. And when he felt her vaginal walls contract around his cock with her own orgasm, he give himself permission to let loose and he began shooting ropes of sperm into her womb.
Normally when they came together Lauren would scamper off to the bathroom to clean out Tom's deposit, but not this time. "Lay on your back again," she instructed. And with all of the jealousy and rage now shot out of him Tom happily obliged. Lauren then swung her leg across Tom's body and scooted her knees up to Tom's head so that her pussy was directly above Tom's mouth.
"Eat me Tom. I know you want to," she said. And she was right. Tom had always loved going down on Lauren. Nothing got him more excited than the smell of Lauren's wet pussy right in front of his nose. But this smell was different. It was better. Now he was smelling her pussy, her sweat, his sweat, and his cum, a thick tear shaped drop of which was already dangling by a thread from Lauren's inner labia.
"I'm about to unclinch Tom. Are you ready?" she asked. And when Tom nodded, her swollen labia relaxed and a flood of white salty goo began falling into to Tom's waiting mouth. So much jellied fluid poured out of Lauren's pussy that Tom had to swallow a few times before he needed to start licking the straggling white streaks from inside her vagina.
"Ohhhhh your mouth feels so good Tom," Lauren said. "Dave said you'd like cleaning up," she continued as she began to grind her pussy into Tom's busy tongue. "And that it would only turn you on knowing you were cleaning up his cum too," she finished.
With that last bit of info Tom picked up his pace, licking the length of Lauren's slit from bottom to top, paying special attention to her clit. "Mmmhmmm... just like that Tom... please don't stop...you're going to make me come again," she said. And tith that Tom buried his tongue as deep into Lauren as he could, licking the roof of her vaginal canal. This sent her over the edge and she began violently bucking into his face until she collapsed next to him.
The room was still pitch black. No one had bothered to look for them that morning. And there they slept till noon.
Tom woke first, his headache subsided, but his bladder full. He poked his head out of the bedroom, spotted the nearest bathroom and ran over to relieve himself. As he washed his hands he noticed a caked white substance around his mouth and chin. Evidence of the fun he had earlier.
And it was fun. Tom still hadn't sorted out his emotions but he couldn't deny how turned on he had been, how great sex with Lauren had been, and how hard she had cum both that morning and the night before. Yeah Lauren had cheated on him with Dave. But my god, she had become a sex goddess in the process. If the net result was better sex for him, how mad could he really be?
"There you are lover," Lauren said groggily as she pushed open the bathroom door and snuggled up for a hug. "Let's go get some breakfast," she continued, giving his ass a quick squeeze before turning and heading up the stairs to the kitchen on the cabin's top floor.
After they had the coffee brewed and and bacon cooked, Lauren began explaining the day before. How she accidently saw Dave fuck one of her coworkers, how much it turned her on, how she tried to seduce Tom later that day but he ignored her, how Dave stepped up and seduced her, how Dave had seen Tom watching them, and how Dave explained it all that morning before she hopped in bed with Tom.
"He says it's perfectly normal for men to get turned on watching their girlfriends have sex with another man," Lauren explained. "He says it even increases their testosterone and makes them better lovers," she continued.
Tom moved to object but then recalled his own burst of passion with Lauren that morning. "Apparently monogamy is pretty new for humans," Lauren continued. "For thousands of years we lived in smaller bands where alpha males slept with whatever woman in the tribe they wanted and the other males just tolerated it... as long as the alpha male let them have sex every once in a while too. That's why Dave sleeps with every woman he works with and the girlfriends of every guy on his team. You've seen him in action. Women just want to have sex with him and men seem to want to watch him have sex. He's just a sex god," she explained.
"Look I'm not proud of what happened last night," Lauren said. "But it was the best sex I've ever had. And the sex we had this morning was the best sex we've ever had, right? If it makes our sex life better, then what's so bad about it?" she seemed to be asking herself as well as Tom.
Tom thought she was onto something, but he didn't want to talk about it anymore. The couple made a fire, picked a movie on Netflix, and snuggled under some blankets till the other skiers came home.
"Tom! Lauren! You guys look refreshed," David boomed hours later as he entered the cabin ahead of the other couples. "And you've got the fire going! That's great! I'll get dinner started while everyone else changes out of their ski clothes," he finished.
And just like that everything was back to normal... almost. Tom couldn't help but notice how Dave flirted with all the women in the cabin... and how all the other men in the cabin seemed to respond by paying even more attention to their women. If Dave offered a girl a glass of wine, her boyfriend would be there offering her a foot massage. The women were getting spoiled rotten! Although they all seemed to be reciprocating the physical attention right back on their men too.
After dinner and a spirited game of Trivial Pursuit, Lauren discreetly grabbed Tom's ass as he went to go get another beer. Tom did not want to misread any signals again so he immediately carried Lauren downstairs to bed where he wasted no time ripping off her clothes and fucking her with the same intensity he did that morning. He must have done a good job since Lauren fell fast asleep within minutes of her orgasm.
Tom still wanted that beer from before though so he headed up stairs where David was just finishing cleaning up the kitchen. "Tom, so glad you could come on the trip. I hope you are having a good time," Dave said.
"Well I'm still here after what happened last night so I guess, yeah, everything is pretty good," Tom replied, admitting to himself that the sex he had this morning and that night was the best he ever had.
"Good. Good. That's great," David said. "I'd hate for there to be any hard feelings. Look, let me make it up to you," Dave continued as he reached for his computer. "Why don't you turn on the TV, enjoy your beer, but keep an eye on this computer screen," Dave said. "I think you'll enjoy what you see," he added.
With that Dave grabbed his own beer and slowly moved down the stairs leaving Tom alone in the kitchen. As instructed Tom then walked into the living room, flipped on the TV, sat down, drank his beer, and kept one eye on David's computer.
A few minutes after Tom had found a football game to watch on TV, a video popped up on Dave's computer. It showed a luxurious master bedroom from what had to be a camera perched in the top corner of the room looking down on a king size bed with a stained wooden headboard pushed up against a wall and two comfy chairs facing the bed with a end table between them.
Dave recognized all three people entering the room from a door off camera: Dave, followed by Lauren's co-worker Mike, and his girlfriend Stacy. Stacy was wearing a skin tight two piece cotton pajama. The bottom half hugged her curves as tightly as any pair of leggings and her ample double D cleavage was already spilling out of her top. Tom had snuck many a glance of Stacy's rack earlier that night.
Dave proceeded to sit down in one of the comfy chairs as Stacy stood in front of the bed and Mike knelt in front of her as he peeled her pajama bottoms off. Stacy then eased herself back onto the bed until her back was supported by the pillows and the headboard with her legs spread open and vulnerable. Without undressing himself, Mike dove in and began running his tongue along the outer lips of Stacy's perfectly shaved pink pussy. It did not take long before her outer pussy lips became engorged and her inner lips began to moisten and open up.
Mike was now taking turns between sticking his tongue deep into Stacy's love canal and nibbling on her inner pussy lips with his mouth. At first motionless, Stacy was now bucking her hips against Mike's face and massaging her own massive tits through the cotton fabric of her top. "Ohhhh my gosh! Ohhhh!" Stacy moaned as Mike licked and sucked away. No longer content with feeling herself up through her pajamas, Stacy pushed the already low v-neck cut of her pajama top further down so that her lily white mounds of flesh spilled freely out of the pajama.
"God her tits are gorgeous," Tom thought as he began to shift his own underwear to deal with his growing erection. He was fixated on how hard Stacy was grabbing, twisting, and kneading her own breasts. Tom did not consider himself a breast man, Lauren was a B cup at best, but he could not remember ever wanting to touch something as bad as he wanted to touch Stacy's undulating mounds of flesh right now.
The sight was apparently too much for Dave too as he stood up, now completely naked with his jet black double coke can cock standing at full attention. He walked over to the bed before announcing, "Good job Mike," and tapping him on the shoulder. "Why don't you take a break and enjoy your beer while I fuck Stacy's tits," he sternly suggested.
Without a word Mike nodded his head and obeyed while Dave grabbed Stacy by her hips and pulled her toward him. "Sit up for a second so I can take that top off," Dave said. And Stacy wordlessly complied, lifting her hands in the air so Dave could pull the last of her pajamas over her head.
Dave then turned Stacy's body around so that her head was now laying at the foot of the bed and her feet were near the headboard. This gave both Tom watching upstairs and Mike watching downstairs, a perfect view as Dave threw a leg over Stacy's body, mounted her torso and aimed his massive black dick at Stacy's soft white mountains of flesh.
"Push them together for me baby," Dave whispered gently and Stacy again wordlessly obeyed although a big grin broke across her face. Dave placed a hand on each of Stacy's shoulders, giving himself leverage for the coming assault, and then plunged his massive black dick in between her somehow more massive tits. Dave's cock only momentarily disappeared into the valley between Stacy's boobs before its head emerged triumphantly on the other side.
At first Dave was deliberate and slow, but as Stacy's cleavage began to sweat from the heat of his cock, and as that sweat mingled with Dave's pre-cum, Dave began a quickened and furious assault on Stacy's chest. "Uh! Uh! Uh!" Stacy moaned, apparently enjoying Dave's big dick massage.
After at least two minutes of this onslaught, Dave slowed his pace until he came to a full stop leaned forward and sweetly gave Stacy a big long kiss. "And now to fuck you good and deep the way you love it," Dave said, before pulling himself completely off her.
Without any instruction Stacy rolled over and got on all fours arching her back so that her pussy was maximally exposed to entrance from behind. Dave then knocked all the pillows of the bed, knelt behind Stacy's gorgeous ass and began to maneuver his manhood into her sopping wet whole.
Stacy was now looking directly into Mike's eyes. Her large teardrop shaped tits hanging peacefully below her body, her nipples less than an inch from the top of the bed. Tom had snuck looks at Stacy all weekend. She was a total bombshell. But he took an unstolen and studied look now, realizing just how perfectly her body was built for sex: long blonde hair, rounded athletic shoulders, huge but still firm perfectly shaped tits, skinny stomach, and hips that screamed "baby maker."
"Yes... oh fuck yes," Stacy moaned as Dave breached her labia and pushed inside her love tunnel. Dave had a massive black hand on each of Stacy's curvy hips as he guided his cock deeper into her. "Oh my god... Fuck... Oh my god yes," Stacy continued to moaned as he finished burying his cock deep inside her.
Stacy's back was flat, no longer arched, now that Dave's manhood was safely enmeshed with her body. "Oh shit, that is such a huge dick," Stacy whined as Dave began to move his cock in and out of Stacy's depths. "Oh fuck babe I can barely take that fucking dick," she breathed.
Whatever strain Dave's size initially caused for Stacy soon turned into satisfaction. After about a minute of Dave fucking her, Stacy began to fuck back, thrusting her hips back into David as hard as he was thrusting into her. And as she moved her body back and forth, her massive tits began to swing in opposite circles so that they slapped together as she pushed back into Dave's cock.
"You like that view don't you Mike?" Dave asked, as Mike was now totally naked with his hand stroking his dick.
"Hell yeah," Mike replied. "There is no sight like it," he said in a trance.
"Tell your boyfriend how much you love showing off for him Stacy," Dave directed.
"Oh my god I love you Mike. I love that you let me fuck this big dick. It feels so fucking good," Stacy said.
"Do you want me to fuck her harder Mike?" Dave asked.
"Yes. Absolutely yes. Please fuck her harder," Mike asked.
And Dave did fuck her harder and faster, causing a fresh round of whimpering from Stacy. "Oh...Oh... Oh god yes," Stacy uttered as she stopped pushing back into Dave and simply tried to brace herself from his forceful pounding. "Fuck. You're gonna make me cum. Please don't stop you are going to make me CUMMM!" Stacy almost shouted her, voice getting louder as Dave's intensity increased, the smacking sound of the two lovers bodies filling the room.
"I'mmmmmm cummmminnggggg," she wailed as her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she stopped supporting her weight on her elbows so that her face was now buried in the bed. "Fuck. Ohhh..." she muffled into the sheets as Dave slowed his pace, letting her ecstasy plateau.
Without pulling his massive member out of her drenced pussy, Dave pushed Stacy's hips down so that her entire body was now flat, face down, on the bed. Still pounding her rippling white ass with his taught muscular waist, he then let much of his upper body weight press down on her as he steadied himself on his elbows so that his full black lips were next to her ear, the one closest to both Mike and the camera.
"Do you want me to cum inside you?" Dave whispered into her ear before nibbling on her earlobe.
"Oh god yes. Fill me up," Stacy said. "I want your cum inside me. I need you to fill me up,"she begged.
"Is that what you want too Mike? Do you want me to full your girlfriend up with my seed?" Dave asked.
"Oh god yes," Mike said, quivering in the corner. He had stopped stroking his cock and was now biting his hand in an attempt to stop from spontaneously cumming himself.
"Here it comes baby. I'm gonna cum so deep inside you, you're going to be dripping for weeks," Dave shouted.
"Fuck yeah. Do it. Fill me up. Oh my god yes. Fill. Me. Up," Stacy shouted back.
"Oh shit! Uggggghhhh. Ohhhhh," Dave moaned as he pushed down hard into Stacy's ass one last time. It was now his turn for his entire body to shake as his balls shot a fountain of cum deep into Stacy's pussy. "Ohhh fuck. That is good tight pussy," Dave said, a sly proud smile now passing Stacy's face.
"Oh yeah girl, keep squeezing that dick. I'm not done cumming yet," Dave said as he began grinding into her. "I don't want to deprive you of a single drop," he promised.
A good minute later Dave's body relaxed and he pulled out of Stacy, her pussy making a loud "thwap" sound as his massive dick finally exited her pink folds.
"You've waited long enough," Dave said turning to Mike. "Have at her."
And with that Mike was on top of Stacy in no time turning her over and planting a big kiss on her lips. He then kissed his way down her body, greedily kissing each breast and nipple as he cupped her massive tits with his hands. He paused for another kiss on her flat stomach before coming to her sopping wet, engorged, cum drenched pussy.
"Do you want me to eat it first or do you want me to fuck you," Mike asked as he looked up into Stacy's loving eyes.
"Fuck me then eat me," Stacy said without hesitation. "I want to feel your cum mixed with his before you eat both of them up."
And with that Mike quickly mounted Stacy in the missionary position, his cock sliding into to her cum drenched pussy with ease. He built up his own steady but gentle rhythm as he leaned down to kiss Stacy as they fucked. Within a minute Mike's back tensed and Stacy pulled his hips close to hers.
"Oh yeah baby. Just like that. Give me your cum," Stacy moaned, stroking his back gently with her fingers. "Fill me up again. That feels so fucking hot," she said.
After Mike did finally pull out, Stacy clenched her pussy lips hard as she scooted up so that her head was at the headboard and her cum drenched pussy was spread wide open for the camera and Mike to see.
As she scooted up the bed, Mike picked the comfiest pillows up off the floor and pushed them under Stacy's back and behind her head so that she was comfortably reclined. He then poured her glass of white wine, gently handed it to her, and gave her a deep kiss. "Can I clean that for you?" he asked looking down at her cum soaked pussy.
"Please do fine sir," she replied with a twinkle in her eye as Mike began kissing his way down her body and between her legs before stopping at the bottom of her cum drenched slit which was already leaking gobs of semen onto the blanket. Pausing just for a moment to take a deep breath through his nose, Mike placed his tongue at the very bottom of her outer labia and began to lick her clean.
As she gently ran her right hand through Mike's hair, Stacy occasionally sipped her wine with her left hand and stared intently at Mike's busy tongue. "Mmmhmm... that feels so good," Stacy moaned. "Hold on... Here comes some more," she said, shifting her hips so that more cum oozed out her pussy and into Mike's waiting mouth.
"Fuck that's hot," Stacy said watching Mike lap up the cum dripping out her pussy. "Oh that feels so good," she continued, building up some rhythm with her hips. With one last swig, Stacy drained the last of her wine, set the glass down and began to play with her tits with her left hand, while her right hand held Mike's bobbing head against her pulsating pussy.
"Lick my clit baby," she ordered, moving her left hand down so that both hands were now pressing Mike's head into her. As instructed, Mike lapped at Stacy's clit wildly as he brought both of his hands up so that he was now was pawing at her massive breasts.
"Oh god baby don't stop," Stacy moaned as Mike needed her left breast with one hand and pinched her right nipple with the other. "I'm going to cum again. Don't stop. Please baby don't stop," she shouted. Stacy then released Mike's head and was now gripping the bed sheets tightly as her hips bucked up and down violently. "I'mmmmmm cummmminnggggg," she wailed again for the second time that night as her hips settled onto the bed. Mike kept right on licking till her orgasm subsided, she released the bed sheets, and began running her hands through his hair again.
"Did you enjoy the show?" Dave's voice boomed breaking the computer's hold on Tom's attention.
Tom jumped up from the couch, his dick aching to escape his blue jeans.
"Oh shit... I didn't notice you left the room," Tom replied trying to regain his composure.
"Yeah, I always let the lovers finish up alone," Dave said. "Let them re-establish their connection. That's important. Otherwise all these women would want to be my girlfriend and I am not a one woman man. I'll leave that to you all," he explained.
"How many women are you fucking?" Tom asked.
"Ha! I don't count. That's not what its about. It's not about numbers. It's about being in the moment and having the best sex possible," Dave said. "Speaking of which, after what you experienced yesterday and what you just saw tonight, do you and Lauren want to stay late tomorrow? I have the cabin for a whole extra day," Dave offered.
"I uh... I don't know," Tom replied, his stomach churning with a mix of emotion while his dick pulsed with excitement. "Let me... Let me talk it over with Lauren."
"You do that Tom. You do that. I'll see you tomorrow," Dave laughed and he disappeared down the stairs.