I met my neighbor, Melissa, almost two years ago now. I gradually got to know her over the first year or so, seeing her in the yard, pulling in the driveway, getting mail, or whatever it may be. Our relationship got far more interesting one evening last Fall as I was wondering around the yard around dusk, checking things out, and watching the sunset. My wife was in, watching TV, so I was free to peer at the neighbors a little more than usual. Being somewhat of a harmless closet voyeur, I regularly check out lighted windows for open or see through blinds. I have never and would never venture into the peeping Tom category (unless invited) but if I'm in the yard or walking by and I see something interesting, I do walk slower or turn to get a second view.
I noticed Melissa's living room curtains open with the living room fully lighted and the TV on. At first glance I saw nothing and continued on my stroll. My second glance caught movement so I adjusted my position in the yard to see her standing in the middle of the living room brushing her dark brown hair. Her hair was wet and shoulders bare so I moved a little closer, still in our yard, also checking behind me to make sure Kate wasn't coming out.
She had just gotten out of the shower and was wrapped in a towel...only a towel. I watched as she brushed, watching something on TV while she did it. My heart pounded heavily in my chest. The excitement of watching someone in that manner just excites the hell out of me. She was very sexy in her movements as she eased her head back and to the side brushing it out. My groin was beginning to swell. She turned and moved a little glancing toward her open window as she did. I jerked almost panicky as she did hoping she didn't see me. I wasn't near her window but didn't want to be detected watching.
She kept brushing but peered out kind of curiously. I put my head down, looked away, and wondered to the side as if continuing with my stroll through the yard. I giggled to myself as I thought my act was like the Three Stooges walking with their hands behind their back whistling and looking at the sky. I noticed out of the corner of my eye that she moved to the open window and was looking out. Uuuuuugh! Busted, I thought. Then she disappeared from the window. I continued my jaunt into our back yard to hide away and appear only interested in my little walk. Checking back I no longer saw her. I breathed a little sigh of relief. Then, blink, on came a light in the back bedroom of her house right out in front of me. I was thirty feet from it and stopped in my tracks, startled. The blinds were open and I was in perfect place to view as she appeared still in her towel with her dark curly hair hanging over her shoulders. She went to the side of the bedroom which was clearly in my view but not from our house. Perfect for me. She was looking into a mirror, I presumed, but could not see as she fondled her hair into position and checked herself out. My heart was pounding hard again. Suddenly she reached down unclasping the towel above her breasts and let it drop to floor. There she stood, totally nude, thirty-five feet from me!! My heart clunked in my chest and I know I turned bright red. I think my jaw even dropped, but I caught my senses quick and jerked my head around checking for Kate's presence. Thankfully, she was nowhere to be seen.
I returned my view to Melissa. I was slightly behind her but more beside her. I couldn't see her front but had a perfect side boob shot and full view of her ass. My cock was growing in my pants. I reached down shifting myself to give him room to grow. I resisted the temptation to reach in a feel it as I would have a hell of a time explaining to Kate why my hands were in my pants standing in the back yard looking at my neighbor's house!
Melissa is a beautiful curvy woman of Latin heritage, my guess, although I had never asked her. She was dark complected but had unbelievable milky white skin. She looked so soft and smooth as I watched her. The half breast I could see looked ample and jiggled with every little movement she made. She stood with her back arched looking at the mirror. Her hands came up cupping her breasts. She squeezed them pointing them for full view and slid her hands out finishing with a pinch of her nipples. They were light pink with a tan tint and were almost invisible before but were now darkened and extended. Her little pinch must have stirred them into arousal. I could see them clearly now and even found myself bending forward to try to get a better view. She turned with her back to me, checking her side view, then turned again facing me. I now had full frontal view of her body. Her breasts sagged but perked at the ends pointing her now dark brown oval shaped nipples slightly upward. My mind drifted to sucking them hard and nibbling gently. They were substantial tits. DD, maybe more, but I wasn't fitting her. I was just taking it in. Now my mind drifted to her holding them tightly surrounding my rock hard cock which was throbbing in my pants.
My eyes wondered downwards checking the dark mound of pubic hair centering the gorgeous curves of her hips. She turned again so I only got a glance. I wondered how puffy her vagina was and if her labia protruded. I love puffy cunts. "Ha" I almost laughed out loud at myself! Who was I kidding? I loved all pussy, and all ass, and all tits! I loved the variety and I loved all those little differences. I turned and took a quick scan of the yard to make sure Kate didn't sneak out. I would hear the screen door if she did. I looked back and focused to see if she had turned back towards me. She had. I could see the mound of pubes but couldn't clearly see the slit or labia.
I glanced up at her face. She stood motionless and was staring directly at me.
"Could she see me?" a rush of panic came over me. I blushed red without even knowing if she could. I stood motionless considering the darkness I was in and the full light she was in. "She is not supposed to be able to see me" I pondered. I stared at her face still motionless but now sweating profusely. "Maybe she could feel me watching her?" I thought I better move but I was frozen. She continued to stare out but her face began changing from just normal to a growing smile. Was she smiling at me? Did she know I was watching? Did she want me watching? I stayed motionless but began to relax. Maybe she was hoping I was watching. Maybe she had seen me in the yard and put on a little show for me?
"Oh Jesus" I whispered to myself. She turned away still leaving her look behind. She disappeared out the door of the bedroom. I took a big breath and quickly headed for the door to go inside. I didn't know what would happen next but I wasn't going to stand there and wait for it. The screen door slammed behind me as I got inside.
"Uuuugh, that was stupid!" I thought. If she didn't know I was out there, now she does. I cringed. I went into the living room and plopped on the couch with a big gasp.
"What the hell is up with you?" Kate asked from the love seat lifting her attention from her Ipad to me. "You're all flushed red and sweating!"
I thought quickly, like the Grinch stealing Christmas. "There was something out there." I blurted "not sure what, but it scared the hell out me" I explained "Coon maybe...maybe a skunk..it's dark!" I stammered like I was a scared little kid.
She gave me a baffled smirk and went right back to her Ipad. She either bought it or didn't care. I didn't care which. I just laid there catching my breath and trying to take it all in. I wondered what Melissa would do if she did know? I contemplated all the scenarios and how to answer them for next half hour or so till I got tired and headed for bed. At least she hadn't come over that night to complain or tell Kate.
It turns out that night did change the relationship between me and Melissa greatly. It went from "nice neighbor" to "fucking awesome neighbor" after that.
The next few days I watched for indicators. Would all her blinds be closed? No! Would she approach me or Kate or give me a dirty look? No! In fact I saw her several times and she gave me a huge smile. I think I even got a wink. I came to the conclusion that she knew I was there even if she didn't see me and the whole thing was a beautiful show for me. God, I appreciated it.
Over the next few weeks and still continuing, we played and teased each other. I've seen her in the window 19 times! I count them. I make it a point of jaunting around the house in front of open window blinds nude and semi to fully erect as often as I can, hoping that she is watching. Once I watched her masturbating. Another time she had a man visiting. She didn't have the lights on the whole time but I saw the start of things and then heard the rest. That was an arousing memorable night.
Our relationship as neighbor has grown even stronger. We exchange gifts and bottles of booze at Christmas. We invite each other to campfires and cookouts. We keep an eye out for each other, hehehe, like good neighbors. We have exchanged cell phone numbers, including Kate and her, so we can call. Her and I send jokes and flirting texts, once in a while. But we had never taken it any farther than just teasing. We have never really discussed me watching her through the window but I think we both know that we watch. I want to be an awesome neighbor too. It hadn't gone farther until this past week. (In Part 2, Night with Melissa)