Marigold Stallworth stood on the corner of a bustling cobblestone road, a brown rut sack slung weightily over her shoulder with the top cinched tight by a length of chord that the young girl had wrapped around her hand. Market Street was aptly named, with rows of small stores lining either side of the wide grey road that split the town in two. Where there was space, vendors had set up wooden booths on the sidewalk, their owners crying out a variety of wares and goods to the numerous people traversing the area. Drawn carriages cantered back and forth down the road, their rumbling wheels providing a constant background noise to the voices of shoppers haggling over their selections. The smell of freshly baked bread wafted through the air, causing Marigold's mouth to water. She had only eaten a small breakfast that morning and judging by the height of the sun overhead, noon had nearly arrived. It was a beautiful day, with a bright blue sky dotted by puffy white clouds, but that did little to assuage Marigold's annoyance at being made to wait.
"Ugh." She grunted, shifting her weight and allowing the bulging sack to fall to the ground next to her. It hit the stone with a loud clang as Marigold massaged her shoulder where the chord had been digging into it. "Where are those two? They should have been here by now." She said to herself, shielding her eyes and scanning the crowds nearby. When she failed to spot her teammates, Marigold sighed and picked at the edge of her tattered long-sleeved red tunic. She would do well to replace it soon, another outing might prove to be too much for the worn-out shirt. Inspecting her lower half Marigold found a new hole in the left knee of her white trousers, but it was nothing that warranted immediate replacement. The cuffs on her knee-high leather boots had also seen better days, however the soles and lacings were still sturdy, and the boots had lost little functionality.
"Sssssuch a lovely day, isn't it Mari?" Asked a voice over Marigold's shoulder, close enough to tickle her ear and send a shiver down her back. She jumped and covered her ear as goosebumps formed on her arm.
"Gah! I hate it when you do that Lillian!" She said, turning to face the tall copper skinned woman standing behind her. Lillian was almost a head and shoulders taller than Marigold, and the girl had to squint as she looked upward towards her friend's slender face to avoid being blinded by the sun.
"Yes, but I enjoy making you sssquirm." Teased Lillian, flicking her forked tongue out in a playful manner as she tossed a long braid of dark purple hair over her shoulder. She was wearing a sleeveless white dress that split at either side past the hip, revealing the full length of Lillian's elegantly long legs. A brown satchel was tied on her waist by a long leather chord that doubled as a belt. On her feet were simple brown sandals, showcasing the vibrant purple toenail polish she had chosen that day. The thin dress straps running over her shoulders came together to form a V in the center of her chest, exposing a touch of cleavage from her modest breasts. Rich purple scales coated the outside of Lillian's legs and arms, running up her shoulders to wrap around her neck and frame her face like a beautiful array of glittering jewelry.
Marigold tugged at her mess of curly blonde hair that was tied back in a loose ponytail. She didn't think of herself as an unattractive person, but it was difficult not to feel dull when standing next to a woman as vibrant as Lillian. Marigold was of average height with tanned skin that seemed pale in comparison to her scaly friend. Her body was hard where Lillian's was smooth, with toned muscle running the course of her arms, legs, and stomach.
"Darling you're still wearing these ragssss? I told you to throw those out after our last little expedition! Tsk tsk tssssk!" Lillian rubbed the fabric of Marigold's sleeve between two fingers, her diamond shaped pupils examining the thinning fabric with disdain. "We must get you some new clothesss before we go out again!"
"I was planning to." Replied Marigold, pushing her hand away. "And if you had showed up on time it would have been done by now, where's Teefy?"
"Oh dear, is she not with you? We split up on the way down here when I stopped to buy some fresh ingredients."
Marigold sighed and stooped to shoulder her pack once more. The gear inside protested with a clangor of metal as she slung it on her back and turned down Market Street to head into town.
"You know better than to leave her unsupervised in town Lil." She scolded as Lillian glided up next to her and matched her stride. "That girl couldn't find her way out of a knitted sack."
"It's not my fault she gets distracted so easily." She protested. "I only stopped for a minute to buy a few thingsss and when I looked up the little elf had vanished."
"We were supposed to meet a few hours before noon." Replied Marigold coldly. Lillian patted her satchel and avoided the side eye she was receiving.
"Well, maybe it was a few minutesss."
As the two made their way deeper into town Lillian began to chat idly about the various potions she planned to brew with her new materials. She was always concocting some new recipe and Marigold enjoyed listening to her use all the technical alchemic jargon to explain how the potion would work. So she walked in silence, keeping a sharp eye peeled for Teefy's little green head bobbing somewhere in the crowd. It wasn't long before the crowd thickened on the sidewalk and soon Marigold and Lillian found themselves walking single file in order to stay together. After a way, the source of the blockage revealed itself to be a street performer who had managed to gather a crowd around him to witness his show.
He was a dark-skinned man, dressed in a vibrantly colored silken outfit of crimson and orange, seated on a small stool. The man was playing a jaunty tune on a large black flute with a twisted bell end as a monkey dressed identically to him danced in rhythm, a small tambourine clutched in its tiny paw. The monkey bounced around in front of the crowd and each time a coin was tossed to him he would catch it, place it in a bowl next to the man, and bang on his little tambourine with vigor. Every time he did so peals of laughter swept through the gathering, encouraging the man to continue playing. Marigold was having a difficult time seeing past all the people, and an even more difficult time moving through them as her bulky pack was weighing her down.
"Do you see an easier way through?" She called over her shoulder. "We need to get past this crowd if we're going to find Teefy."
"I don't think that will be necessssary." Replied Lillian with a giggle. "Look."
Marigold followed Lillian's gaze and through the shifting throng of bodies and glimpsed the back of a familiar green haired elf girl bouncing on her toes at the front of the circle and clapping her hands in time with the music. Somehow Marigold managed to push through to the front so that she and Lillian were standing on either side of their distracted friend. Teefy was a short girl, her head just barely reaching Marigold's shoulder, and one might mistake her for a child if not for the thickness of her legs and hips. She had a round, innocent face with a small mouth and a sharply pointed chin. A smattering of freckles across her dimpled cheeks added to her youthful appearance and served to give some color to her otherwise pale skin.
"So, this is where you've been huh? Y'know we were waiting on you." Marigold huffed as she slung her gear bag around and set it on the ground.
"Mari, Lil!" Exclaimed Teefy, turning to each of her friends. "Oh look at the little monkey isn't he adorable! I just wanna squeeze him so baaaad! We have to get one for our team!" The elf's face was the picture of joy and Marigold found it difficult to be sour while watching her fawn over the little creature.
"Teefy darling, we don't have the time or money for a pet right now." Said Lillian, leaning down to be heard over the music and cheers.
"But he's soooo cuuuuute I just wanna die!" Despite herself, Marigold laughed as Teefy clenched her fists and shook them with emotion.
"Maybe sometime down the road." She said. "Have you been standing here throwing the monkey coins all morning?"
"No, I didn't bring any money with me when we left, this skirt doesn't have pockets, see?" Teefy patted the sides of the dark green, pleated skirt that fell to her mid-thigh. A white button-down shirt with a frilly collar was tucked into it, topped by a light brown leather vest. Her smooth wooden bow and quiver of arrows were strapped to the back of the vest by a series of leather strips. On her legs Teefy wore tight, thigh high white socks and black shoes with gold buckles on top. Marigold had never been fond of Teefy's adventuring outfit, the girl looked like she was about wait tables rather than explore a countryside. But she didn't complain, Teefy had never fallen behind while adventuring, if anything the little elf had an excess of energy out in the field.
"Well let's go visit some shopssss before we set out today." Said Lillian. "Mari here is in desperate need of a new shirt."
"Okay." Sighed Teefy, tucking a stray stand of hair behind her long-pointed ear. As she turned to leave, however, her foot caught on the edge of Marigold's gear bag and the young elf girl tripped out into the open space where the monkey was dancing. "Ooof!" She grunted, falling onto her stomach as her skirt flipped up onto her lower back. A series of hoots and whistles erupted from the crowd at the sight of Teefy's plump white bottom, her black lacy underwear hugged the girl's cheeks tightly, causing a small line of indention to run up each pale face. A small mound was nestled underneath the girl's butt, outlined in the shape of two vertical lips by her thin underwear. She tried to get back to her feet, but Marigold's bag was caught between her legs and Teefy's movements only served to wave her exposed backside in the air, much to the enjoyment of the crowd.
"Damn, look at the ass on that elf!" Yelled a man standing at the front, a drunken grin on his face. Marigold slung an elbow into the man's stomach and he collapsed with a wheeze as Lillian pulled Teefy's skirt back into place and helped her to stand upright.
"Haha oops!" Laughed Teefy nervously, patting herself down of as a tinge of pink ran across her nose. "Y-ya think anyone saw my underwear?"
"Of course not darling." Lied Lillian, ushering her to the side and silencing the hooting crowd with a venomous glare. "Let's go see about thossse shops now, okay?"
"Alrighty!" After putting some space between themselves and the monkey man, the trio of adventurers soon located their usual apparel shop and filed into the store. It was a quaint little place, settled in the center of a side street off the main road. A circular wooden sign hung out over the front door with the words "The Sewing Needle" painted on neatly in large flowing black letters. A silver needle alongside a spool of red thread made up the background of the sign.
Inside, the shop was well lit by several hanging lanterns swinging lightly from wooden beams in the ceiling. Along the walls were rows of shelves stacked with neatly folded piles of various clothing. Small wooden stands dotted the floorspace, each adorned with the frame of a metal mannequin modeling a unique outfit. Several people were milling about the store, picking at odd ends of clothing and talking quietly amongst themselves. Despite the light, it took a moment for Marigold's eyes to adjust after coming out of the bright sun.
"Well if it isn't Marigold, Lillian, and Teefy!" Called a voice from the back of the store. "Come in come in! Get out of the heat for a bit!" A bright-eyed elderly woman waved to the three adventurers from behind a large oaken desk as she rose to greet them.
"Hi Mrs. Lee!" Teefy called back cheerily. "We need to buy some new clothes!"
"Well you've come to the right place dearie." Mrs. Lee rose to meet the girls as they approached her desk, stepping and embracing Teefy gingerly. She was an old woman with a bent back and shuffling gait whose light brown skin hung loosely off her tired body. A myriad of wrinkles covered her face, and the color of her hair had drained away long ago leaving behind a pinned-up ball of spider's silk atop her head. Her eyes, however, still twinkled youthfully as she embraced both Marigold and Lillian in turn.
"Now then, what exactly are you ladies in need of today?" Asked the ancient seamstress, rolling up the sleeves on her loose black dress.
"A new shirt, something similar to this if you have it." Marigold answered, tugging at her shoulder as she set her bag down in front of the desk. Mrs. Lee squinted and tapped her lip with one finger.
"Hmm, second shelf on the left wall, the third pile I believe. Oh, and while you're here you must let me fix that hole in your britches child. Heaven only knows how you manage to tear up my clothes so easily."
"Yes mam, thank you Mrs. Lee" Marigold went to retrieve the shirt, quickly scanning the rest of the store as she went. Lillian smiled to herself and leaned on the desktop, watching as Mrs. Lee retrieved a needle and thread from its underside, her bony hands shaking fitfully.
"You know, I have a draught here in my bag that would help to sssteady your hands, Mrs. Lee. Would you like to try it? I mixed it jussst yesterday."
"No, thank you dearie. I'm afraid these old bones don't take too kindly to new medicines these days. But don't you worry, I've still got enough coal burning to keep me going hohohoho!"
"Old bones?" Gasped Lillian, holding a hand to her chest. "Why Mrs. Lee you are the picture of youth, if we were to go walking the town together people might missstake you for my sister!"
"Ohohoho! You little charmer, keep that serpent's tongue away from me!" Laughing, Mrs. Lee waved her hand as Marigold returned clutching a new red shirt, ushering her into a wooden booth to the right. Marigold collected her bag and shuffled into the booth, a curtain hung on two metal rungs in either corner served to provide some privacy as the girl got undressed. "Speaking of youth, though, Typhon should have been back by now. I hope he didn't get caught up in town again."
"Caught up in town? Now, don't tell me he went and got himssself a girl to dote on?" Asked Lillian, dropping her voice. "That would just break poor Mari's heart."
"You say something Lil?" Called Marigold as she worked her arm through a small gap in the curtain to hand Teefy her discarded clothes.
"Nothing darling!" Replied Lillian, giving Mrs. Lee a knowing wink. Teefy giggled and deposited the clothes on the desk in front of the old lady, whose shaking hands suddenly moved with frightening dexterity as she grabbed her needle and swiftly set to work patching Marigold's trousers. In a matter of seconds, the hole was perfectly sealed and Mrs. Lee extended the pants back to Teefy with a quivering arm.
"No no, I don't believe Typhon has met any special girl yet, at least not one he's decided to tell his old granny about hohoho!" Mrs. Lee leaned back in her chair and grinned at the two girls. She still had most of her teeth in her mouth, surprising for a woman of her age. "But just between us, Typhon is just terrible at keeping secrets. If he were seeing some girl, I'd have found out about it by now."
"Lot's of girls like Typhon." Chimed Teemy, laying the trousers over her shoulder. "He won't stay single for too long."
"Ha, that would be true if the boy weren't so dense! I see him talking to our female customers all the time, they think they're flirting, and he thinks he's helping them with a sale!" Mrs. lee laughed again and shook her head. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say he was acting oblivious on purpose. A girl would have to smack him over the head with a frying pan that had the words 'I like you' engraved on it for him to get the message!"
Lillian made a mental note to share that tidbit of information with Marigold later. She would deny it, but the girl had been infatuated with Typhon ever since they had stumbled into Mrs. Lee's store on accident earlier that year. Marigold claimed that they kept coming back because Mrs. Lee was a gifted seamstress who sold her clothes at a fair price. While both those statements were true, it did not detract from the fact that she was always on the lookout for Typhon whenever they visited.
"What's this about hitting people with frying pans granny? Are you trying to scare our customers off?" The three women had been so invested in their conversation that they failed to notice the approach of a tall young man carrying a large roll of purple fabric on his shoulder.
"Typhon, there you are!" Replied Mrs. Lee cheerily. "Just set that wherever you can find space. What took you so long?"
"Some trader crashed his carriage in the uptown square and a whole cage of those nasty hawk hornets got loose." Grunted Typhon as he dropped the roll of fabric on the ground. It landed with a dull thud. "The Kingsmen had rounded most of them up by the time I got there, but it was still a hassle getting through."
"Hawk hornets?" Exclaimed Teefy with a scrunch of her nose. "What kind of dummy would want to buy hawk hornets?"
"Well their venom makes for a potent poisssson, if extracted properly." Answered Lillian, stepping back to allow Typhon a place in their little circle. He was a tall man, able to look Lillian in the eyes, with wide shoulders and long legs. A tussle of dark black locks upon his head, held back by a thin gray headband, cascaded backward to cover his neck. Typhon had a comely face, easy to look at and almost always adorned with a warm, welcoming smile. He was blessed the same bright blue eyes as his grandmother, a strong chin, and a clean-cut nose. Typhon was of age with Marigold and the rest of the team, though Lillian wasn't sure of the exact date. In any case, Teefy had spoken the truth earlier, men like him did not tend to stay single for long.
"It is a wicked, paralytic substance." Continued Lillian, tracing a finger along Typhons bicep. She raised her eyebrows and laid her hand gingerly on his forearm, her voice dripping with concern. "You didn't get stung did you, Typhon? I would hate for any harm to come to my favorite shop keep."
"Nope, never even saw one!" He declared, smiling widely as he stepped around the desk to hug his grandmother. Lillian's hand dropped to her side and she had to bite her cheek to keep from laughing as the old seamstress embraced her grandson and rolled her eyes to the ceiling, shaking her head while mouthing the words 'frying pan'.
"Teefy, are my pants ready yet?" Asked Marigold, peeking her head around the side of the booth. Her shoulder was bare, and she quickly retreated back behind the curtain at the sight of Typhon.
"Oh yeah, here ya go!" Teefy bounced over to the changing booth and stuck the patched trousers through the curtain before returning to the desk. Inside, Marigold slid on her pants and turned to the back wall. A large plate of polished metal had been hung to serve as a mirror and Marigold gave herself a once over as she tightened and tied the drawstring on the front of her trousers. Her hair was frayed and unruly in its ponytail, but what else was new. She didn't see any obvious smudges or spots on her face, her pants were relatively clean and the new red shirt that sat folded on the ground would make her a bit more presentable, but she still wished she had something that might catch Typhon's eye.
After sliding on her boots, Marigold ensured that the white bandage wrappings she wore in place of a bra were securely fastened. The bandages wrapped around her chest and shoulders served a twofold purpose. First, they compressed Marigold's sizeable breasts to prevent them from moving too much during travel and combat. Comfort trumped fashion out on the road, and Marigold had realized long ago that it was extremely uncomfortable to have her breasts bouncing all over the place when she ran. Second, they were more restrictive than standard bras and made Marigold's bust seem less...abundant. She had always preferred to dress modestly, but no matter what shirt she wore her breasts seemed to fill the fabric to its limits, giving her a promiscuous appearance. The bandages helped to reduce that effect, so Marigold wore them almost daily.
Retrieving her shirt from the floor, the young girl stopped to run a hand over her stomach. Her abdominal muscles cast soft shadows in the dim lighting, lined with scars of varying shapes and sizes that were evidence of numerous past battles. Marigold had many such scars covering her body and was rather conflicted on her feelings about them. In private they were a source of pride, a display of the hardships she had overcome throughout over the years. She often liked to trace her fingers over the raised skin and relive the rush of battle while winding down from a day on the road. In public, however, she sought to hide her scars whenever possible as she believed that other people would find them grotesque and offensive to the eyes. Women were supposed to be soft and elegant after all, not muscular and battle scarred. The long-sleeved red tunic in her hands would serve to hide her skin well, but as Marigold moved to don the shirt a sudden commotion outside gave her pause.
"Help, get it away!" A voice yelled out, accompanied by the sound of a door slamming open. A low hum filled the air and several reactionary screams rang throughout the store.
"Granny get down!" Yelled Typhon over the commotion.
"Uh oh, Lil my bow is stuck!" Cried Teefy in a panicked voice. Peeking her head around the curtain, Marigold's stomach dropped at the scene unfolding before her. A two-foot-long hawk wasp was buzzing about the ceiling, swooping dangerously close to the terrified customers taking shelter amongst the stands scattered about the floor. Lillian was tugging fruitlessly on the bow strapped to Teefy's back as Typhon stood between Mrs. Lee and the giant wasp, curled over her like a human shield. Reacting instinctively, Marigold plunged her hand into her gear bag and withdrew a shining longsword. The blade sang beautifully as it was freed from its scabbard, filling Marigold with confidence as she strode out into the store.
No sooner had she left the booth, the hawk wasp turned suddenly and dove at Lillian and Teefy. Shoving the elf to the floor, Lillian swung her satchel overhead and buffeted the wasp away. It buzzed angrily back to the ceiling before making a beeline for its next target, Typhon's unprotected back. As the young man braced for the assault Marigold sprinted into the wasp's path, raising her left arm upward to intercept the dive. In her haste she had left her shield back in the booth and the wasp collided with her bare arm, its spindly legs digging deep into her skin as it raised a large stinger, dripping with sickly yellow venom in preparation for an attack.
With a single, powerful thrust Marigold speared the wasp's abdomen with her longsword, causing the bug to convulse violently and release her arm as viscous green blood spewed from the wound. Marigold slung the insect from her blade, slamming it onto the floor in a pile of limbs and blood. With a single stroke she relieved the wasp of its head and set the tip of her sword on the floor, breathing heavily, her heart racing. A pool of the green blood quickly formed underneath the twitching insect corpse, mingling with the red droplets rolling off Marigold's arm.
"Mari! Oh let me see your arm darling, here." Suddenly Lillian was beside her, digging into her satchel and popping the cork on a small vial filled with red liquid. Lifting Marigold's arm, she carefully poured the elixir over the open wounds. In a matter of seconds the skin closed around the dripping holes and Lillian wiped down the girls arm with a small towel.
Gradually the other customers rose from behind their cover and made their way over to examine the dead wasp. Several people thanked Marigold for her bravery, but it took several seconds for the adrenaline pumping through her head to die down enough for her to register the praise. She nodded respectfully to the crowd with a weak smile and, after noticing a few lingering stares, remembered she wasn't wearing a shirt. Her ears burning, Marigold crossed her arms over her chest as casually as she could in an attempt to not let her embarrassment show. Her cheeks began to burn as well, however, when she realized that her nipples had hardened from the abrasive contact of her bandages and had been rather erect the entire time. Handing her sword to Lillian, Marigold turned on her heel with her eyes locked firmly on the floor and stepped towards the changing booth. Before she had taken three steps, however, her head bumped into something soft and smelling of fabric.
"Marigold, that was amazing!" Exclaimed Typhon as he wrapped his arms around the mortified girl and lifted her into a bear hug. "If that wasp had managed to get to granny it could've killed her! Thank you so much! I don't know what would've happened had you not been here!"
"D-don't mention it." Squeaked Marigold, whose arms had become trapped at her sides in the embrace and her breasts were squeezed against Typhon's broad chest, threatening to break free from their bandage restraints. Her face flushed a dangerous shade of crimson as she realized Typhon had probably seen the numerous scars on Marigold's body, not to mention she could feel her nipples hardening even more from the rough embrace. It was Mrs. Lee who rescued her from further humiliation.
"Yes, Typhon we are all very appreciative of Marigolds actions, now if you would please set her down and get that putrid bug out of my store." She said, thumping her grandson on the arm. Typhon obliged and released Marigold from the hug, setting her gingerly back on her feet. As the red-faced girl once again wrapped her chest up in her arms Typhon took her by the shoulders and planted a kiss on the top of her head.
"Thank you Mari, truly." He said, looking into the girl's eyes with a twinkling smile before stepping past her to deal with the wasp carcass. Marigold let out a near inaudible squeak in reply as the blush in her face crept down into her neck and warmed her chest. After a moment, Lillian realized her friend had become frozen in place and took her by the shoulders to guide her back to the changing booth. Once she was behind the curtain, Lillian set her sword against the wall and Teefy walked up to join her.
"So," said the elf girl, as they watched Typhon carefully collect the wasp's body and severed head in his arms. "Think Mari will like her new shirt?" Lillian snorted and rolled her eyes, smiling at Teefy with a raised eyebrow.
"What?" She asked, indignant. "What did I say?"
A few hours after the wasp incident at The Sewing Needle, Marigold, Lillian, and Teefy found themselves walking through the city's east outer gate. Massive oaken double doors reinforced with iron castings sat propped open inside a thick, fifteen-foot-tall stone wall. The battlements atop the wall cast a gear shaped shadow over the cobbled stone road leading out into the countryside. Two King's Men stood on either side, their silver plate armor shining brightly in the sunlight as they scanned the people entering the city with a scrutinizing gaze.
"Hi Mr. Stone!" Called Teefy cheerily as the trio passed under the wall. The guard to their right, a burly, bearded, beast of a man known as Stone turned his thick head towards the girls with a scowl on his face that would have melted steel. Marigold forced herself to grin and gave a tentative one-handed wave. Stone was at least six feet tall and half as wide, with a hardened, leathery face and a nasty underbite that caused his bottom row of teeth to be perpetually on display. At the sight of Teefy, however, the man's face scrunched upward into a smile, and he nodded at the girls as they passed. Genuine as it was, somehow Stone's smile was even more unsettling than his scowl.
"Hahaha," laughed Lillian nervously before dropping her voice. "He still scares me; heaven only knows how you managed to make a friend out of that brute."
"Oh Mr. Stone is a big softy." Replied Teefy. "You shouldn't judge a crook by his lover."
"It's 'judge a book by its cover'." Corrected Marigold. "And last week I saw him snap a man's arm like a twig for trying to pick a woman's pocket."
"Well, he's nice to me." Said Teefy, crossing her arms as the trio continued to walk. Before long the three girls had made their way a few miles outside of town, stopping for a short break underneath the shade of a tree by the road. Marigold looked back at the city they had left. An enormous, sprawling collection of stone roads and brick buildings laid out across a rolling lush green field. The outer wall encircled the entirety of the city, with four roads extending into the countryside to the north, east, south, and west respectively. Each road was dotted with people and caravans on their way in or out of the city. Archeon was the largest city in the kingdom and saw countless travelers, merchants, and common folk from far and wide come through its gates on a daily basis.
In the center of the city rose a beautiful gray castle, piercing the sky with massive towers topped by pale blue slate roofing. Ornate stain glass windows of blue and gold dotted the towers, causing them to twinkle vibrantly in the sunlight. A large blue and gold flag flapped from a pole extending off the top of the centermost tower. Marigold was too far away to make out the design, but she knew it by heart, the golden eagle of house Fairweather, with wings spread wide. A second wall, twice as tall as the first, surrounded the castle as guards patrolled the battlements atop. From this distance they looked no larger than ants, and Marigold wondered if they could see her in return.
"So, what's the mission for today again?" Asked Teefy, picking a piece of grass off her green pleated skirt.
"Some local farmers have had their livestock attacked by a group of goblins out near the eastern forest." Answered Marigold, indicating to the expanse of trees just down the road. "A bounty got put out a few days ago that will pay good gold for every goblin ear we can bring them."
"Bleh." Replied the young elf with a curl of her nose. "I hate goblins."
"Shame we have to give up their ears, such a waste of a good ingredient." Sighed Lillian. "If we have time, I'd like to ssscavenge some other parts off them."
"Sure, but don't get carried away, I don't want to get stuck outside the walls again." Replied Marigold, tightening her sword belt. Before they had left the city, the young girl had emptied her brown rut sack and donned her adventuring gear. Well-worn silver gauntlets covered her hands and forearms, and similarly tarnished greaves were strapped to her shins, leaving both her biceps and thighs covered only by cloth. A basic breastplate with a back covering was strapped to her chest, and a long brown scabbard hung off her left hip, topped by the silver handle of her longsword. In her left hand was a small round metal shield, polished to a shine and sturdier than it appeared, Marigold's shield had saved her life countless times.
"Dissection is an artful skill that takes time to perform properly," said Lillian defensively, tightening the strap her belted satchel. "And the results are very profitable."
"I'm sure the demand for goblin tonsils is extremely high in the alchemic community." Said Marigold dryly. "But they're not worth sleeping outside the gate for and unless you want to try and sneak past Stone we can't be out too long. Now, the last goblin attack wasn't far from here, let's get moving and make some money."
"Righto captain!" Cheered Teefy. The three girls continued down the cobbled road until it turned slightly to the south and weaved into a less dense section of the eastern forest. A dirt
path, just wide enough for a farmer's cart, continued straight into the heart of the woods. It was this path that the girls followed, and soon they were swallowed in shadows cast by the towering oak trees surrounding the path. As they continued deeper into the wood, less and less sunlight managed to filter through the ever-thickening canopy of branches overhead. Despite the lack of light, heat from the midday sun had become trapped underneath the brush and the air was thick with moisture.
"Dark, warm, and damp, with a constant food supply nearby provided by the farmers. No wonder the goblins settled here." Marigold thought to herself.
"Geez its hot in here, I thought getting out of the sun was gonna make the walk cooler!" Whined Teefy as she wiped her brow. "I'm starting to sweat and my underwear is sticking to my skin, ugh, I hate that feeling y'know?"
"It's humid in here for sure." Answered Marigold, her eyes sweeping the path for any sign of goblin tracks.
"I cannot relate, I don't wear underwear unless it's necessary for the outfit." Replied Lillian nonchalantly.
"Whaaaaat?" Asked Teefy, amazed. "What do you mean unless it's necessary? When is underwear not necessary? What keeps your boobs from bouncing all over the place?" Lillian laughed.
"Well, unlike you and Mari, I was not endowed ssso... generously in the chest. Most of my shirts and dresses are restrictive enough to not be obscene."
"What about panties!?"
"I just prefer to go without them." Replied Lillian with a wink as she ran a finger along the outside of either thigh, her nails making soft clicks against her purple scales, tracing the side splits in her white dress. "Want to see? Hahahaha!"
"Yes!" Exclaimed Teefy, lifting the back flap of Lillian's dress and exposing a pair of toned copper cheeks. Lillian yelped in surprise and smacked Teefy's hand away, a tinge of pink running across her face.
"Teefy I wasss joking!"
"No you weren't! You really aren't wearing any panties!" Marigold burst into laughter as Lillian smoothed out her dress, shaking her head in resignation. The three adventurers continued their muggy trudge through the forest, scanning the path and tree line for any sign of unusual activity. For a while everything seemed normal and Marigold began to wonder if they needed to start searching off the beaten path.
"You guys hear that?" Asked Teefy suddenly, cupping a hand behind one of her long ears. Marigold and Lillian stopped and listened but heard nothing but the soft rustle of the tree branches overhead. "It sounds like somebody's in an argument, this way!" Before her friends could react, Teefy turned on her heel and plunged into the underbrush off to the left of the path.
"Teefy wait, don't go off by yourself!" Called Marigold, drawing her sword and hacking through the foliage to follow her small, light-footed companion. Lillian followed close behind, allowing Marigold to clear the way for her. In her armor the young warrior struggled to keep up as the little elf bobbed, jumped, and crawled through the underbrush at an absurd pace. It was all Marigold could do to keep Teefy in sight, and before long a fine layer of sweat had coated her body.
"Mari, you hear that?" Asked Lillian from behind. "I hear voices, two of them up ahead. Teefy was able to hear that all the way from the road? That'ssss amazing!"
"Yeah," grunted Marigold with a swing of her sword. "Now if we could just train her to not run off."
"Oh hush, you know that's not posssssible. Look she stopped."
Up ahead Teefy had paused behind a sizeable bush and was pressed up against it, listening intently. As Marigold and Lillian stepped up next to her, the young elf dropped to her hands and knees and wriggled her top half into the foliage. Her short, pleated green skirt did little to cover Teefy's backside, leaving her plump pale cheeks exposed. They jiggled with every motion of her hips, shaking under the restraint of her thin, black lacy underwear. Lillian shook her head and giggled as Marigold wiped the sweat from her brow.
"What do you see?" She asked, annoyed that Teefy had made her expend so much energy.
"Two boys out in the clearing." Came the girl's muffled reply. "Magicky types, both wearing robes, one red, one blue. They both have staffs and pointy hats and they are mad about something! Hey, don't we know them?"
"The Toad twins? What are they doing out here?" Marigold asked, looking to Lillian.
"Well, if I were a betting woman, I'd say they are after the goblinssss as well. Maybe they have a lead on their location?"
"Let's ask!" Exclaimed Teefy from the bush. Marigold sighed, she hated asking others for help with work, and if they ended up working together the reward money would have to be split between the two groups. But, time was running short, and if they didn't get a bead on the goblins soon they would have to return empty handed.
"Fine." Said Marigold, giving Teefy a light prod on the butt with the tip of her sword. "Go break the ice for us."
"YEEOW!" Yelled Teefy, jumping through the bush in shock. Marigold cleaved the plant in two with a single stroke and sheathed her sword as she and Lillian joined Teefy in the clearing. The elf girl had tumbled head over heels, landing on her backside with legs spread wide.
"Owowowowwwwwwugh!" She moaned, leaning to the side to rub her sore cheek. "That huuuurt! What'd you go and do that for?"
"I've told you before not to run off like that, Lillian and I nearly lost you back there. Now stand up, would you? Unless you want to keep showing the boys your ignorance." Marigold nodded to the two mages standing a few feet in front of Teefy. One was wearing red robes with gold trim and had the front of his companion's matching blue robes balled into his fists. It was clear that Marigold and her friends had interrupted a heated discussion as the red boy was nearly lifting the blue boy off the ground. Both mages had a wide brimmed, pointed hat atop their head and a wooden quarterstaff with a clear crystal embedded in the tip strapped to their backs. Both had short brown hair, blue eyes, and average facial features to coincide with their average height. And both had their eyes firmly glued to Teefy's exposed crotch.
"Wow... nice panties blondie." Sniffed the boy in red. The boy in blue blinked hard and swallowed.
"T-tommy stop staring." He whispered, a faint blush rising to his face.
"Speak for yourself Timmy." Replied his companion loudly. Neither boy looked away. Teefy glanced down and gasped, suddenly aware of her revealing position. Her underwear had ridden up considerably during her tumble, leaving her sizeable bottom nearly bare against the ground. The fabric of her black panties was stretched thin over her lower lips, leaving little to the imagination. Teefy plunged a hand downward to push her skirt into place and scrambled to her feet, dusting herself off with her free hand as she rose.
"So, it is the Toad Twinsss." Laughed Lillian as Teefy slunk behind Marigold to pout. "I thought I tasssted something fishy in the air. Toads do leave quite a lingering sssscent." She said, with a flick of her forked tongue.
"What are you trying to say, huh?" Demanded Tommy, dropping his brother to the ground and turning on the snake woman. "You wanna to pick a fight with us you scaly bitch? I'll blast you so hard you'll have fire coming out your-"
"H-hey not Tommy let's not be rude now..." Chided Timmy, latching onto his brother's robes before he could make a move towards Lillian. "I'm sure she didn't mean any harm by it, let's just calm down..."
"I AM CALM YOU SPINELESS TWAT!"
"Okay see now you're yelling so I don't really believe you."
Marigold sighed. Timmy and Tommy Toad, AKA; The Toad Twins. Two aspiring adventurers who had just recently graduated from The Archeon School of Magic. Timmy wielded serene, widely applicable water-based magic, while his hot headed brother preferred the pure destructive power of fire-based magic. Marigold and her friends had run into the duo a few of times before, with rather mixed results. Though their magical prowess could not be denied, the polarizing personalities of the twins often put them at odds, and it seemed that Lillian took an almost perverse pleasure in baiting Tommy into arguments.
"We're looking for goblins," interjected Marigold. "Have you seen any around?"
"Oh what a coincidence." Replied Timmy quickly. "We've actually tracked a group back to this ca-OW!"
"What are you telling them that for!" Yelled Tommy, smacking his brother on the head. "We found the little mongrel den and we'll be the ones to collect the reward for their ears! We're not sharing!"
"We don't even know how many there are." Protested Timmy, rubbing his head.
"Exactly, if there's only a few I don't want to have to split what little reward we'll get!
Marigold glanced behind the twins and saw the entrance to a sizeable cave laid within a large hill. Crude wooden poles had been jammed into the dirt on either side of the entrance, a deer's skull and antlers fixed to their tops. The bones of various other animals laid strewn about the open mouth of the cave, along with random bits of debris and tattered cloth. Goblins were, by nature, a cowardly race of monster, so the fact that the cave was marked with totems indicated a sizeable gathering of the creatures. Goblins only marked territory when they felt their group was strong enough to hold it.
"Look, I understand wanting the reward for yourself, but this looks to be a pretty large den. So, why don't we work together and-"
TONG!!!
Marigold was cut off as something hard slammed into the middle of her backplate, knocking the breath out of her. A stone the size of a small apple fell to the ground with a thud, following by a chorus of shrill battle cries. The foliage around the edge of the clearing came alive as goblins burst out of the trees and bushes, wielding crude wooden clubs and makeshift spears in their spindly arms. They were small creatures, naked save for a loincloth made of hide or stolen fabric, with sickly green skin and large, pointed ears. Those without weapons hung back near the bushes and began throwing rocks with surprising velocity.
"Ambush!" Coughed Marigold, drawing her sword and shoving Teefy back towards the twins in one swift motion. The goblins had them surrounded in a U formation, with their only exit blocked by the entrance to the den. Marigold took a fighting stance and raised her shield to intercept a volley of rocks.
"Eeeek!" Squealed Teefy. "They're sooooo gross!"
"Well, darling, use your bow if you don't want them getting close to you." Replied Lillian, drawing out her dagger and a large glass vial of purple liquid.
"T-t-t-tommy..."
"Quit your whining Timmy and start killing, damn it!" And orb of fire flew past Marigold's right side and collided with the goblins out in front, exploding on impact and showering them in bright orange flames. The goblins squealed horribly as their flesh bubbled and they collapsed to the ground. The smell was despicable and nearly made Marigold gag. "HAHAHA BURN YOU GREEN BITCHES!" Laughed Tommy. A twang went off on Marigold's left as Teefy loosed an arrow, it sailed wide, ricocheted off a nearby boulder, and lodged into the leg of a charging goblin, bringing him down.
"I-I meant to do that!" Called the young elf. Marigold and the others tightened their circle as the goblins closed in, a few more steps and they would be within striking distance. A second fireball went off to the right, flying dangerously close to Lillian as she uncorked her vile and slathered the purple liquid graciously on her knife.
"Hey, watch it Toad!" She yelled over the cries of burning goblins.
"Watch yourself, scales!" Tommy yelled back.
Suddenly three goblins closed the gap to Marigold, swinging wildly with their clubs. She blocked the first blow, parried the second with her sword, and was prepared to take the third swing on her thigh when a blast of water pushed the goblin to the ground and turned to ice, freezing it in place. Seizing the opening, Marigold ran her sword through the first goblin and delivered a crunching backhand to the second with her shield. The tide would turn soon if they could keep this up, already nearly a third of the little green monsters were incapacitated.
Another small group charged in from the right, targeting Lillian with their makeshift spears. With slippery, graceful movements, the half snake lady weaved in between the jabs of the goblins, delivering shallow nicks and cuts with her knife. After she was done, Lillian continued to dance in between the wild attacks of the goblins, her azure scales shining in the firelight as her long white dress, split at either hip, twirled around her in a flourish of cloth. After a moment, each of the goblins Lillian had struck spasmed suddenly, their body's going rigid as they collapsed to the ground.
"Good," thought Marigold, blocking another volley of stones. "A few more and the rest will turn tail. Goblins never stick around for a losing fight."
"HAHAHAHAHA! YEEEEAAAH!"
"Wait Tommy slow down that's too much!"
Marigold turned as a wave of heat hit her from the side, Tommy was advancing upon the goblins, his staff lowered at his hip with its crystal glowing bright red. A massive stream of flames was pouring out of the staff, bathing the goblins and tree line in their heat. Timmy was blasting water behind Tommy's path of destruction with his own staff in an attempt to mitigate the damage. Marigold covered her mouth as the stench of burning goblin flesh became too much to bear, behind her Teefy gagged.
Suddenly, a spear was flung wildly from within the wall of flames, burning brightly as it arced through the air towards Lillian. Marigold reached out and yanked her friend backward by the shoulder, causing Lilian to stumble as the spear pierced the ground between her legs. While the burning spear missed her body, it had managed to pin both the front and back flaps of Lillian's dress to the ground and before she could react, the flames leapt onto the thin fabric and began to hungrily eat away at her dress.
"Water water WATER!" Yelled Lillian in increasing volume as she desperately patted down her burning clothes. Timmy did a double take and hastily turned his stream of water onto Lillian, fumbling a bit as he did. The girl sputtered as the stream first hit her face, then wiggled down her body until it extinguished the flames on her dress with a sizzle.
"S-sorry!" Cried Timmy as he turned his attention back to the burning tree line. Tommy had made his way around to the top of the U, laughing maniacally as he scattered the remains of the goblin ambush with his roiling flamethrower. Marigold watched as the little green monsters turned and fled back into the forest while Teefy notched another arrow and loosed it at their retreating backs. It flew high, and lodged into a thick, rotten branch that came loose with a snap and crushed one of the goblins underneath.
"I meant to do that too!" Declared Teefy. Marigold snorted and shook her head as the little elf
went off to retrieve her arrows.
"You okay?" She asked Lillian. Her sodden friend wrung the water from her long, braided hair and stood. Though the fire had only been on her for a moment, it had eaten away over half of the front flap of Lillian's dress. The charred end now fell just above her knees, dripping sooty water onto her legs. If that weren't bad enough, her wet dress was clinging to the upper half of her body, now nearly transparent, and sharply outlining the girl's perky breasts. They had the same copper coloring as the rest of Lillian's body, and were tipped by small, dark nipples.
"I'm fine darling, jusssst a bit damp." She replied, stooping to the side to retrieve her knife from the wet grass. As Lillian turned, Marigold bit the inside of her cheek and made a throaty noise to keep from gasping. Apparently, Timmy's water had been slow to reach the back flap of Lillian's dress, as now the entire backside of the tall girl's long, dark legs were on display. The blackened end of the dress dangled off the curve of her butt, just barely concealing the crease between her thighs and cheeks. For the moment, Lillian seemed unaware of her predicament, but before Marigold could decide on how to discretely broach the topic with
her, she walked off to confront Tommy.
"Hey, fire frog!" She yelled, striding up to the red mage. Tommy was watching his brother extinguish the last of the trees he had set ablaze, a satisfied smile on his face.
"What do you want, scales?" He asked, not bothering to face her.
"You owe me ssssome money for my dress! You burned the bottom half off!"
"That was the goblin's fault, not mine. He threw the spear and you were too slow to dodge it."
"I did dodge it, but it still CAUGHT ME ON FIRE! If your brother hadn't been here to clean up your mess my dress would have been completely burnt up, along with half the forest!"
"Tch, shame."
"What wasss that?!"
"This forest is way too dense anyway," grumbled Tommy, finally turning to face Lillian. His eyes quickly ran the length of her body, hovering on her chest for a half beat before he continued. A slight tinge of pink rose into the boy's cheeks as he distractedly fixed his hat. "Look you can... take two of the goblin ears from one of my kills, alright. But the rest of the burnt ones are mine!"
"Four." Demanded Lillian with a smirk. "This material isn't cheap you know."
"Three! Goblin ears are in high demand right now!" Protested Tommy. Lillian leaned forward, placing her hands on her knees in a teasing manner.
"Four. Two for the dress, one for setting me on fire, and one as a tax for ogling me with thossse pervy little toad eyes. Are my legs really that enticing?" Lillian laughed, yanking on the brim of Tommy's hat to pull it down over his eyes as she stepped past him. Tommy angrily fixed his hat and turned to protest as Lillian sauntered by, but the words caught in his throat at the sight of Lillian's back. With each step, the lip of her dress bounced upward, giving a small flash of cheek as she went.
"F-four is fine." Mumbled Tommy, following Lillian to the bodies. Marigold covered her mouth with her hand, knowing Lillian would be mortified if she was aware of her revealing condition, but there was no way she could confront her now, doing so in front of the Toad Twins would only further the humiliation. Marigold set to work removing the ears of the goblins she had slain, praying that for once in her life Lillian would behave modestly.
"Tommy, you have got to be more careful next time." Called Timmy over his shoulder. The blue mage wiped some perspiration off his forehead with the back of his hand, lowering his staff as the last of the flames fizzled out. Nearby, a pile of scorched goblin corpses lay sizzling in the grass. "I may not be able to control it all if you don't reign in your flames."
"Uh huh." Answered Tommy distractedly, stepping up to his brother as Lillian approached the corpses. Timmy was still inspecting the damaged trees with a furrowed brow.
"I mean look at all this, how old are some of these trees?"
"Dunno."
"You think they'll survive?"
"Don't care."
"Well that's not very nice, I mean I know they're just trees but- gah!" Tommy grabbed his brothers jaw and turned his head towards Lillian, who was nudging the goblin corpses with her foot. Timmy's eyes grew as wide as saucers and his face flushed with crimson color. Lillian glanced over her shoulder and noticed the blatant staring of the twins, a flutter of excitement twirled in her stomach. She had always enjoyed teasing younger boys, and today it seemed that her body was having a stronger affect than usual. After all, she had the twin's full attention simply from the length of her dress being shortened to her above her knees.
"So, I can pick any four ears, correct?" Asked Lillian, bending at the waist and leaning out over the goblins. "I don't want ones that may be too badly damaged." The half snake girl believed she was simply exposing a bit of extra thigh with her lean, but in reality, her little maneuver had revealed the bottom half of her ass to the twins. A quick glance backwards to see their shocked expressions was all it took to spur Lillian on to more debauchery.
"Y-yeah that's fine, right Timmy?" Replied Tommy, a slight crack in his voice. Timmy simply nodded his head. Lillian was lovingthe looks on their faces, a mixture of uncertain fear and hunger for more. If her estimate was correct, a full bend would show off just a hint of cheek to the boys. It was honestly more than she was comfortable with, especially since she wasn't wearing underwear, but the idea made her heart beat a bit faster and she decided to go for it.
"Hmm, I think this one will do." She said nonchalantly. Lillian locked her knees and bent fully over to reach for one of the goblin corpses at her feet. The sound of excited whispering at her back sent a wave of deviant pleasure through her body, and Lillian began shifting her weight from heel to heel to get the end of her dress swaying. She figured that would at least give the twins a little flash.
"Tommy, I think I'm gonna faint." Whispered Timmy, his face a dangerous shade of crimson.
"Don't be a wuss." Tommy whispered back harshly, tugging at the collar of his robe. Both boys were now staring at Lillian's fully exposed ass, swaying in the air in a rhythmic, hypnotic motion. The azure scales that ran up the outside of Lillian's legs arched over her copper cheeks and connected at the small of her back, framing her bubbly butt in a ring of purple. Between her thighs were two small lips, silhouetted against the white cloth dangling down from the front of her dress and half hidden in shadow.
Lillian was about to return to a standing position when suddenly two charred green hands latched onto her wrists and yanked her downward. In her shock Lillian dropped her knife and it bounced a few feet away as she fell to her hands and knees.
"GAH!" She yelled, recoiling upward as a goblin, pinned by the bodies of his roasted brethren, pulled her arms down into the pile of bodies. The little monster gnashed his teeth angrily, trying to bring his mouth closer to any part of Lillian's exposed flesh. Timmy and Tommy both stepped forward to help but found themselves immobilized at the sight before them.
Lillian was on all fours, knees spread and back arched in an attempt to pull away from the goblin, with her bare nether stuck high in the air on full display. Her ass shook and jiggled as she strained against the grip of the goblin, the small flap of charred fabric that was supposed to be covering her was flipped up upon her lower back. The region between her thighs that had been shadowed before was now spread wide, a slip of pink amongst valley of smooth copper skin that quivered with each jerk of Lillian's arms. Every curve, every hole, every fleshy piece of the girl's lower region was being presented to the twins, and they were helpless to look away.
"What are doing!?" Yelled Lillian angrily. "Get thisss thing off me!" While she feared the goblin would manage to take a bite out of her, Lillian was still more concerned that she had accidentally shown more than she intended in her new position. It would be humiliating if the Toad twins managed to see her bare butt.
Together the twins took a few steps forward and Tommy numbly reached for his staff. Neither one could take their eyes off Lillian's nakedness and when they got within reaching distance, Timmy's breathing became rapid and labored. When the girl gave one last pull, spreading her legs even wider than before and raising her backside to its peak, Timmy passed out, a stream of blood running from his nose as he fell backward. Just as Lillian reached the climax of her straining, Marigold appeared at the front of the pile and drove her sword through its center, impaling the stray goblin underneath.
The little monster squealed in agony and released its grip, freeing Lillian. The half snake girl snapped upright and quickly got to her feet, busily dusting herself off as she rose. Stealing a quick glance back, she was relieved to see that Tommy was focused on his brother, who seemed to have lost consciousness for some reason. Maybe she was safe, maybe they hadn't seen much more than a slip of the cheek.
"You okay Lil?" Asked Marigold, wiping the blood from her sword on the grass.
"Fine, I'm fine." She replied, turning on Tommy. "Hey Toad, next time make sure your product isss dead before offering it to barter!" To her surprise, Tommy nodded meekly, pulling the brim of his hat down to avoid eye contact as he fussed over his brother.
"Look just, bring us some of the ears later when you get back to town." He mumbled, pulling out a small black crystal from within the folds of his robes. "I need to get my brother back home I think he uh, used too much magic earlier." As he spoke a light flared within the black crystal and a swirling pentagram of magic lines appeared below his feet.
"Oh what, not going to help with the collection?" Asked Lillian, she hated when people she normally bantered with became all sullen. "I didn't know mages were so lazy!" That got a reaction out of the red mage. Tommy frowned and locked eyes with Lillian, his face flushed red.
"Well, at least I'm not so lazy that I don't put on underwear in the morning!" He yelled as the light from the black crystal in his hand flashed outward, consuming him and his brother. A split second later the light vanished, and the place where the Toad twins had been was empty.
"How did he know..." For the first time since the ambush Lillian looked down at herself and realized that the top half of her soaked dress was nearly transparent. Her stomach turned as she instinctively covered herself with her hands. "They could see through my top..." She said quietly.
"Now Lil-" began Marigold in a comforting tone.
"Oooooooh myyyy goooodneeeesss!" Moaned Lilian, as her ears began to burn with embarrassment. "No wonder they were so focused on me earlier, I may as well have had by boobs out for the whole forest to see! Ugh I'm such an idiot, how could I have not noticed!"
"We were all shaken up from the fight and-"
"You!" Yelled Lillian, turning on her friend. "Why didn't you say something! I must've looked like an idiot, prancing around in my see through top!"
"Well I tried but you-"
"Ugh, that explains why that little twerp was so easy to persuade about the ears, and why he wouldn't even look at me before he left. This is soooo horrible, I was just trying to tease them a bit with my legs, not give a full showing of my breasts!" Lillian planted her face in her hands and shook her head.
"N-now look it's not that bad," comforted Marigold sheepishly. "It's not even that see through, I'm sure they barely noticed." While Marigold rubbed Lillian's back, Teefy emerged from the nearby foliage, skipping and triumphantly clutching an arrow in her left hand.
"Hey guys I found one!" She sang before stopping in her tracks and pointing at Lillian. "Geez Lil, your hiney is almost hanging out your dress!" Marigold ran a hand over her face and shook her head as Lillian looked over to Teefy in confusion.
"What do you mean..." Slowly, Lillian turned her hips and examined her backside. Her eyes grew wide with terror as she shakily ran a hand down the backside of her dress and found the charred lip ended not at the back of her knee like she thought, but just past the curve of her butt. Tears welled up in the girl's eyes and her stomach sank as she realized what the Toad twins must have been able to see when she was dealing with the goblin corpses. "My...my dresssss...haha....sssso sh-short."
"Hey where'd those magic boys go?" Asked Teefy, looking around curiously. "Well, I guess its best they left, we wouldn't want them trying to peek at Lil's bottom. Especially since she's not wearing panties today!"
Marigold sighed and bonked Teefy on the head as Lillian opened up her satchel, stuck her face into it, and screamed.