This is one more entry in a dairy I keep about my experiences, and before I begin I would like to thank Laurielou for her editorial advice.
Heathrow Airport, June 18th
After vacationing in England for two weeks and eager to continue with the next leg of my trip I was headed to Amsterdam and from there to Madrid and Rome.
I took the tube to Heathrow for my flight, only to find out that it was delayed by hours. I felt the best option was to go to the British Airways lounge, get a snack and a glass of wine and catch up with my journal. I picked out a lounge chair in a corner where there was the least hustle and bustle and set myself up.
Out of the corner of my eyes I saw two young guys, perhaps in their early twenties walk in and take a seat opposite me. They must have been members of some kind of sport team as they were both dressed in blazers adorned with a logo, white shirts and grey slacks. Both were tall and walked with the confidence of an athlete.
I got back to my writing and after a while I had an awkward feeling. I sensed something different and I looked up to see them both staring at me. Their stares made me realize that my skirt had ridden up and that my thighs were exposed and were the focus of their attention.
I uncrossed, then crossed my thighs again but made no effort to lower my skirt and went back to my reading while surreptitiously keeping them in sight out of the corner of my eye. I became aware that they continued to look towards me and were whispering among themselves.
I had gone sexless for three weeks, was now bored and a bit horny so my naughty side took over and I decided to kill some of my waiting time teasing these two guys. I stood up, looked at them straight in the eyes, winked at them, blew a kiss and left for the restroom, or the loo as they call it here.
I checked myself in the mirror. Make up, check. Hair, check. Blouse, check. Skirt, check. Everything looked in order. I sat down to pee to find that I was moist. Very, very moist. That was an excellent sign and encouraged my worse instincts to surface. I peeled of my panties, stuffed them in my purse and headed back.
I was not only moist, but on my way I felt that my nipples had hardened and were poking against my blouse.
Oh my, was I in mischievous mood!
I chose a seat as close to them as possible and catty corner as to face them and not be seen by the passengers in the lounge. I sat at the very edge of the couch and leaned back while they sat, heads lowered, trying to be subtle while picking at some snacks.
I adopted the brazen role and looked at them straight in the face. They managed a few peeks while I played the waiting game and prepared to spring my trap. The moment arrived when they gave in and began to stare again.
Ha! I thought to myself, the perfect opportunity. I gave them my best smile, tugged at my skirt and slowly spread my thighs.
This was not a fleeting Sharon Stone type hairless glimpse. I am far from clean shaven. I trimmed before leaving but my bush had grown out a bit so what these guys were treated to was a woman brazenly staring at them, with a huge smile, her nipples poking through her blouse and a swollen, glistening bush.
One guys jaw just about dropped and the other choked on his snack but they made no effort to avert their gaze.
I mouthed,
"Enjoy."
And after allowing them a thorough look, I crossed my legs and went back to my journal.
The experience was so intense I almost had an orgasm, and I felt that neither I nor they would easily forget it.
Finally the flight was called and as I am a frequent flyer I was entitled to early boarding.
"10A" my boarding pass read and I thought perfect, it's only an hour of flight time and the window seat would allow me a view of both London and Amsterdam.
My bags where checked so I simply took my seat and resumed my reading.
I soon heard and then saw a flustered mother with an infant on her hip and two young children clinging to her skirt approach my row. She sat the children next to me as she took the aisle seat on the other side of the plane.
Thank God it's a short flight, I thought, because I don't think I will get much sleep.
Little did I know!
As the boarding proceeded, I minded my business and ignored the hustle and bustle of passengers with obscenely large carry-on bags attempting to stuff them into an impossibly small space. I was suddenly interrupted by the flight attendant who approached and asked if I minded trading my seat for one on the opposite side of the cabin as to seat the mother next to her children.
Mind? Hell no! I thought, I was actually looking forward to it. The only situation I could envision as worse than sitting next to two fidgeting kids would be being seated between two 300 pounders. I smiled, stood up, took my purse and as I turned I was floored. On the opposite side sat the two guys from the lounge and they had both witnessed the conversation.
I was committed! I had already assented, so with a straight face I shuffled over.
I was offered the window seat, but as I approached, the guy seated in the center seat asked if he could trade places with me, claiming "Motion sickness".
By accident, or perhaps by design not on my part, I now sat between these two young men who were now grinning and enjoying my discomfort.
I tried to go back to my reading but could not concentrate, so I did my best to sit looking straight ahead, avoiding eye contact while chastising myself for my earlier antics. It was inevitable that we began to talk and I learned that they were part of the swimming team at Kings College and they had missed an earlier flight with the coaches and the rest of the team. They told me that they were heading to some intercollegiate trials. I found them to be educated and well-spoken and as I chatted with them I became more relaxed while doing my best to avoid any mention of what had transpired earlier, but I could feel the underlying sexual tension in the air.
Abruptly the tone of the conversation changed as the guy on the right, who had introduced himself as Richard whispered to me:
"You are very beautiful, very elegant."
I swallowed as Thomas on my left nodded in approval.
I was trapped between these two testosterone-laden young men and realized that I was the sole culprit for what was happening. After all I was the "adult" of this trio.
They quizzed me about my trip, my work and were a bit surprised when I told them I was married. I was trying hard to divert the conversation but it was futile. Richard leaned over, placed a hand on my thigh and said in a soft voice,
"You are very beautiful, and beautiful all over."
Robert chimed in with,
"We really did enjoy the view."
My mouth was dry yet my forehead sweaty, I knew my nostrils were flaring and my eyes were glassed.
By now, about half an hour of flight had elapsed and as the flight attendant walked by Thomas asked him if he could spare a blanket and a pillow because "the lady is feeling cold." They had lifted the armrests and I soon found myself covered in a soft blanket with a pillow under my neck and feeling ambiguous about what I suspected was about to happen.
They became quiet, I was aware that both were turned towards me so I closed my eyes and feigned sleep, and not for their benefit as much as for the rest of the passengers.
Under the blankets I felt Richards hand slide towards the inside of my knee and nudge me gently, and then I felt Thomas's left hand going up my arm, brushing my breast. A shiver ran through my body. My brain screamed Stupid! while my belly throbbed, aware that I had not put my panties on again, and there were no barriers between us save my will, which had since crumbled.
Richard's hand moved a bit higher and applied a bit more pressure and I relaxed, allowing him access without being obvious. I then felt a nudge under my left cheek. I lifted my pelvis a bit and felt a hand aided by a puddle of moisture slide effortlessly under me. I leaned back and found myself sitting on the flat of Robert's hand as Richard became bolder and approached me from the front.
Richard began to play with my curls as he leaned towards Thomas saying,
"This feels even better than it looks."
"Yes, she feels so warm and is throbbing delightfully."
The whole situation, my forced abstinence, the arousal from my antics in the lounge, the risk of discovery, all fed into my exhibitionist trait. It was very arousing.
I had developed a sheen of sweat on my lips, my nostrils were flaring, my nipples hard and tender. I bore down on his hand to feel one, then two fingers penetrate me. I remained motionless as my lips splayed open.
I needed to keep this as subtle as possible, so I whispered, "Don't you move, I will!"
I bore down and began to grind in very small circles and I felt fingers fold and penetrate me to the last knuckle. My pussy was being filled from below as Richard began to touch my engorged clit. I tried to keep my breathing steady and my face from revealing what I was feeling. I moved my hands under the covers and grasped a bulge on each side of me and began to squeeze as I felt myself contracting rhythmically and rapidly approached the point of no return. They sensed it, applied one final pressure and I lost it as I heard the words,
"May I offer you something to drink?" comes from the young flight attendant's lips.
I gushed explosively, my lower body trembling, my eyes opening widely to see an amused look on his face. Thank God he was understanding and no one else picked up on what had transpired a few seats away.
Here I was in a wonderful post orgasmic state, still grasping a nice erection in my left hand and what appeared to be a very impressive one in my right. I realized that these guys must be in bad shape so I whispered to them, "It's OK, I am not going to leave you this way, just follow me when I leave."
After landing, the taxiing was endless but the unfasten seat belts sign finally came on and we got up as to de-board as quickly as possible. As I stood in the aisle I thanked myself for wearing a dark skirt because there was a large wet spot on my behind, and to compound my embarrassment our flight attendant waved us past with a sly smile and a, "Thanks for flying British Airways and we hope you had a pleasant flight!"
I moved quickly down the gate and into the terminal with my wards trailing me, when I spotted a "Family" restroom and headed towards it. We entered and locked the door as I faced two eager faces expecting me to reward their efforts.
Having grasped them earlier I knew what each one had to offer so I unbuckled Robert's pants and sat him on the toilet seat. As I did I heard Richard busying with his pants so I knew where this was headed.
No words were exchanged, and I knelt with a delicious young cock, dripping pre-cum and throbbing in my hand. I began to lick him, his scrotum, and his rock-hard shaft and reached his slightly salty head. I paused as I felt my skirt lifted and my knees nudged apart. I pushed back as to make myself accessible and was rewarded with a slight push as Richard effortlessly skewered my well-lubricated pussy.
I thought to myself, Here I am, being spit-roasted in an airport terminal. It feels naughty, it feels good but certainly not a story to tell my grandchildren.
I gave in to the moment and needless to say this was a fast and furious coupling, soon feeling him tighten in my hand as I sucked furiously while trying to not get knocked over by the desperate thrusting behind me.
It ended gloriously, as I drank my fill I felt Richards spurts and my belly being inundated while our moans and groans shifted to sounds of satisfaction.
We dressed hurriedly, I kissed both and told them that it was an unforgettable experience and offered them my still wet panties as a parting gift.
I sauntered towards baggage claim on wobbly knees, a recently fucked smile on my face. Dried cum on my chin, feeling juices running down my thighs and knowing I was leaving a plume of pheromones behind me.