I was a little nervous as Greg and I pulled up to the beach house. I was the only girl there and while I got along with all the guys, they were Greg's friends not mine. I didn't want to be the boring girlfriend that ruined everyone's good time. At the same time I could tell they all had little crushes on me. I figured maybe if I was a little bit of an innocent flirt it will help them accept me. I was also excited about getting more quality time with Greg. He wasn't great in bed yet, but practice makes perfect and this was a great opportunity to get lots of practice.
The lake house was impressive "Wow, this is really nice." I commented. I saw the cars and realized the boys had beat us there. Not a surprise, Greg drives like a Grandpa.
"Yeah I think it's bigger than my parents house!" Greg added. "Let's head in, I can carry the bags." He was such a sweet heart!
Steve greeted us warmly at the door. He was an attractive guy and was a few inches taller than Greg. "You guys are finally here! JJ and Dean are already in back by the hot tub getting a head start on drinking. Your room is right over here. Why don't you two get changed and join us in back?"
I noticed Steve check out my body as he showed us to our room. I have to admit the attention made me feel really good. I was even getting a little turned on.
As we got ready I looked to Greg for a little reassurance, "Greg you are sure the guys don't mind I came along?"
"Are you kidding? If they had girlfriends I can guarantee they'd be here right now too. Besides, you're so much fun to be around that they might even like you more than me!"
"I don't know about that." Greg is sweet, but I was sure he was exaggerating to reassure me.
Greg walked up and grabbed my breasts "Oh trust me with these they definitely like you more." He said as started to kiss my neck. I was happy that we seemed to be thinking alike as far as me being a little flirtatious.
I laughed "Well good to know if they started hating me I can just give them a little show to win back their affection!"
"Little show?!" He said acting all worried.
I laughed, "Greg RELAX I'm just kidding, you know I'm all yours." I was already horny and this conversation added to it. I kissed Greg felt his hard penis. It was good to have validation he was turned on by the idea of me flirting. I suggested he get a condom, and he wasted no time getting one.
We'd only had sexed a few times. Greg didn't last long and his size was a little.. Underwhelming. I knew from earlier fooling around stamina would be a problem, that is why I've had him use condoms even though I'm on birth control. I figured it would desensitize him. He still came quickly, but I figured it was due to the condoms not staying on very well. I bought a bunch of condoms for the trip. I was hoping he didn't realize the snug fit label meant that they were small condoms.
I got the condom on his dick for him, I was so horny I wanted to get things moving. To my delight he lasted much longer than the other times! The small condom experiment was a success! He hadn't gotten me off, but I was close. I pushed his head down, so he could finish me off.
As Greg ate me out I fantasized that he had never used the condom. I don't know why, but the idea of a guy going down on me after I've been filled with cum really turned me on. Of course that wouldn't work with Greg so that's why it had to be fantasy. He was really good with his mouth though, I had been teaching him to eat my pussy, and he learned really fast.
I snuggled next to Greg after I came. He traced his fingers over my legs and pubic area. "What do you think, isn't my body like crazy smooth today?"
"Oh yeah," he replied. "I can really tell the difference between shaving and waxing." I had been nervous about getting a full Brazilian, but I was tired of shaving. The results though had me feeling very sexy.
I realized the boys were probably wondering what was taking so long and I told Greg we should probably get out there. We put our swim-suits on and headed out.
The boys weren't in the hot tub yet, but were sitting on the patio enjoying the sun. I couldn't help, but appreciate the sight of these guys in their swim trunks. They were all fairly fit, but not overly so. I had no idea how they could all be single, but I did appreciate the sea of eye candy.
"Finally!" Steve said. "Couldn't wait until later to fuck your hot girlfriend could you Greg?"
I playfully slapped Steve's shoulder. "Hey I can't help it that a girl's got needs!" I loved that he had referred to me as the hot girlfriend!
"Then why are you with Greg?" Dean teased. I laughed not just because of the funny burn on my sweet boyfriend, but also the fact unknown to Dean that Greg really didn't quite fulfill all those needs yet.
JJ got drinks for each of us, and we plopped down and started to put on sunscreen.
I heard Dean's voice from behind, "Hey Kate do you need help with your back?" It was such a sweet offer which I was happy to accept. It felt great as he applied the sunscreen. Honeslty it was more of a massage, but I wasn't complaining. The guys all playfully flirted, and I was beginning to get turned on. All the while Dean moved his hands lower and until his fingers slid into my swim suit and grazed the top off my butt crack. I was a tad shocked, but I loved his strong hands exploring me.
Dean finished and moved back to his chair. I laid back and quickly put my legs together so no one could see how wet I was.
When the sun moved behind the clouds it got a bit chilly and I convinced the guys to jump in the hot tub.
Steve sat across from Greg and I while JJ and Dean were to either side. The drinks kept flowing and I began to get to know the boys better than ever. Steve eventually opened up about his lady troubles. I felt so bad for him, here was this sexy great guy! No matter how I reassured him it didn't help. The poor guy had never even seen a girl naked in person!
I don't know if it was the sexual tension that had built during the day or the alcohol, but it began to occur to me I could help him. His lack of experience hurt his confidence and I could give him that experience. I already knew it would excite Greg.
I decided I was going to do it! I crossed the hot tub and stood up before Steve. "Tell you what..." I paused to consider my next move one last time. I had butterflies in my stomach. "If that will make you confident consider this an early birthday present."
I felt so powerful and sexy as I reached behind my neck. I took a breath and untied my suit and let it drop. I stood there with my breasts Completely exposed to these three men. I took control, grabbing Steve's hands and putting them on my chest. He was almost frozen in shock, so I told him to go ahead and play. I was feeling more turned on as he groped my breasts and rubbed and pinched my nipples.
While Steve was playing with my boobs he looked down at my waist. The water came to my belly button. I knew he wanted to see my privates, so I figured why not? I climbed out and sat at the edge. I spread my legs just enough that Steve could get a clear view. For that matter JJ and Dean had a great view too!
It didn't take long for Dean and JJ to admit they had similar lady problems and seeing me naked helped their confidence too! I listened as they told me stories and I offered a sympathetic ear. I felt like I was their good friend now that they could talk to me so openly. It gave me a feeling of pride that I helped their confidence and having them paying so much attention to my naked body made me feel really sexy.
I was getting a little hungry, so I made a joke to change the mood from the boys complaining about failed attempts at romance. We all agreed it was time to get out of the hot tub and go out for some dinner.
I started to dry off and the boys thanked me for helping them. I told them it was my pleasure to help. I glanced down at their still wet swim trunks clinging to their bodies. I could see the outlines of their penises! They all looked bigger than Greg, which was no surprise, especially Steve who looked huge. I couldn't help, but wonder what they were like hard.
Greg and I went back to our rooms to change. Now that I was a little more sober and the rush from my exhibitionism was started to subside I began to wonder if I went too far. I thought I did nothing wrong, but would Greg see it that way? It wasn't long before he asked, "what was all of that about?"
I explained to Greg that I was just trying to be a good friend and that if things got out of hand it was really just the alcohol. Just to be safe I apologized and did my best sad face hoping he was fine with everything.
Greg replied that it was all fine except for maybe letting Steve play with my breasts. I apologized again to my surprise Greg replied with a very specific request. "Please just no more letting Steve play with your tits ok?"
I was elated! Greg made no complaints about me getting naked, so he must have enjoyed that too. Even better I had a green light now to continue being a little exhibitionist. And he emphasized he didn't want Steve playing with my breasts again. I figured he wanted to still leave Dean and JJ the opportunity to do the same thing.
Greg's open mindedness in addition to the fun in the hot tub had me incredibly horny. So I replied to Greg, "Of course hunny! That was a one time present! Now how about a present for you?" I pulled out a condom for Greg and started having the hottest sex we had ever had. Clearly the teasing with the boys was turning us both on and would definitely continue. The sex didn't last long, but served as almost an appetizer. It made me horny for even more.