Note: As usual, everyone over 18. And as part of this little group of shorter than usual stories, there may be some editorial blunders. But I figure short and sweet in a time when we could all use a little distraction is reasonable. Stay safe.
----
"Look, we're just going to have to make some adjustments," I said for what felt like the twelfth time.
"I'm not arguing that-"
"It's just that I think things are going to be awkward if we're not considerate."
"Of course, I said so all along-"
"But, seriously Mom, you're naked ALL the time!"
"I told you-"
"You told me that you thought it would be important for us to get comfortable if this was going to last a while, and that we shouldn't be freaked out by some of the intimacy that might evolve. You said, 'we shouldn't worry too much about lapses in dress code,'" I blathered a bit. "I thought you meant, don't freak out if you walk by my room and I'm changing into my pjs."
"Well-"
"You're bare-assed, tits-out naked in the kitchen, the dining room, and everywhere in between 24 hours a day. That's a little more than an open door walk-by," I said completely rationally and calmly and not at all raising my voice.
"Can I get in a couple of words during your little break down?"
"It's not a br-"
"It kind of is. I mean, I get it," she said. "There's a lot of pressure. It's a quarantine. We can't go anywhere and there's a real chance we could all get very sick. That's a lot of anxiety."
"But-"
"And so there are bound to be some tensions," she added soothingly. "Besides you haven't lived here in years, so of course it would be awkward."
"That's not-"
"So, yeah, you're going to be tense. But, here's the thing. After the divorce and after you went to college, I was not feeling very confidant. Not at all secure. I was alone and feeling pretty sorry for myself."
That did touch me a bit, I admit. I had been so self-concerned that I hadn't really thought about how the double hit of my leaving home and the Shithead filing for divorce would effect her. Still.
"Mom, I'm sorry to hear that but-"
"And then I started hanging out with a crowd of folks who were regulars at a local bar. Yeah, I mean, I wasn't a drunk at the bar," she waved away the concern. "But I was regular enough to recognize folks. We became buddies. And they invited me to the Lake for a weekend festival," she stepped over to the fridge and opened it to get a sparkling water. It opened with a swish, and she continued.
"So, I said, sure. I hadn't made new friends in years. It was kind of pulling me out of my funk. Then they added the kicker. The part of the Lake they were going to was the Hollow."
I blinked, "The Hollow? Not The. Everyone. Is Naked. Hollow?"
"Yep," she said. "Well, I was shocked. A little taken aback. I wasn't sure if they were coming onto me or what was going on. But after we talked for a bit it occurred to me, 'Why the hell not?'"
"Because you'd be naked in front of lots of people in a public place?"
"Okay, yeah," she agreed. "But I got over that. I mean, it occurred to me that these folks were my friends now. Like real friends. And they wanted to include me in a thing that they were doing anyway. That, like, all of them were. It was a group of maybe 12 regulars," she explained. "So, it wasn't one creepy dude or anything. And everyone there was just ordinary. I mean, few extra pounds. Balding. Several different ages, 30s to 70s. It just seemed like my friends doing a thing. And that thing was... well, naked."
"Okay, well, I guess I can see that."
"So, I went along. I was nervous at first, but literally no one made a big deal out of it."
"They just ignored that you were naked?"
"Well, they were naked too," she pointed out.
"I guess."
"And, if I'm being honest, they didn't really ignore it. They just didn't think it was weird. They apparently hang out at the Hollow every nice weekend of the summer. So, it's totally normal for them. But, I admit it wasn't like they didn't see me."
"Oh."
"Which was kind of thrilling, you know?" she blushed a little. "I mean, men who I knew from weeks at the bar were eyeing me. I mean, I'm not blind, they'd been sneaking peeks at me all along. Eyeing my figure. Casually flirting. And, let's be clear, that was always pretty nice. Not always something I reciprocated, but it had been a while since I'd felt desirable."
"I find that hard to believe."
"What's that mean?"
"I mean, uh... You're... uh... you're a beautiful woman. Of course you should feel desirable. That's just normal," I stammered.
"Well, that's sweet, but from my perspective, I'd just been dumped by my husband of many years and traded in for a much younger model, because- cliché," she held up one finger. "And you'd moved out, totally normally, but it left me on my own and feeling a little less than. Not a mother. Not a wife," and she raised a second finger.
"Sure, I see that."
"That's a tough one-two punch. And here were guys gently flirting. It was sweet. Then I was naked under the sun with a whole group of folks, some of which were flirting with me for the first time, because... well, I guess they saw me in a new light."
"No shit."
"Hey."
"I mean, of course," I smoothed over. "You're a beautiful woman and while they may have overlooked your charm and grace... they're not going to overlook those... what did that generation say... oh yes, 'Bodacious Ta-tas."
She, of course, slapped me very gently. And said, "you little shit. I'm not that old."
I chuckled, "No, but I bet a few of the geezers wanted to test out whether they could manage the non-chalant brush by."
She smiled, "Okay, yeah... and when did you become an expert on naughty old farts?"
"It was an elective at that fancy school you sent me to while you were flirting with old dudes at the Lake."
"Nice."
"But none of this tells me why I've been staring-"
"Staring?" she asked with one eyebrow arched.
"Observing your ... er... hooters? Jugs? Gazungas?"
"Gazungas?"
"I don't know... none of this tells me why you're bare assed all the time since we've been in this lockdown thing."
"Okay, that's fair," she said as she headed over to the leather couch in the living room. "look-"
"Haven't had much choice."
"The thing is, since you've been gone and I've been hanging out with Shari-"
"Shari? Shari is the ring leader? Really... And Don? Wow... I would not have guessed."
"Clearly," she nodded. "Anyway, since I've been friends with Shari, Don, and the folks from the bar... well, I've pretty much gone fully textile-free when home. It has been amazing."
"For... what, six years now?"
"Yeah. You know, of course I am dressed at work and all the normal places, but when I'm home never. You remember that trip I took to the Caribbean last year?"
"Sure, I was kind of jealous. But also proud of you for traveling with your girlfriends."
"Yeah, not just my girlfriends. We brought their partners too."
"Oh."
"And it was a naked trip. There's a nice resort we went to. Everyone in the altogether... together. It was a blast."
"Wow, really? Well, of course, really. I guess that explains the lack of tanline as well. But, still, this is just a lot."
"I get it. And I hadn't really figured out how to tell you about all this until now. I mean, how do you say, 'Hey kid, I spend most of my life naked and hanging out with other naked people... don't freak out.' But given the end of the world, it seemed the right time to mention it."
"I can see that. Well, and-" I gestured at her very naked figure. "I guess that's obvious."
"So, when you texted that you needed a place to stay in town for a while during the lockdown, I thought... might as well use the chance. I can explain and maybe you won't runaway screaming into the night because... well, pandemic."
"Sound logic for a pervy lady," I nodded.
"Hey, nothing pervy about being naked. You started out that way, jackass."
"Well, yeah, but, you know, I also couldn't hold my head upright for a while either. It's not exactly an analogy."
"Okay, okay. I'm just saying this is perfectly natural. And frankly a ton of fun. It feels comfortable and once you're used to it, the notion of sitting around in your home with a tight waist band or... god forbid... a bra... just seems insane."
"Sure, more comfortable, but insane?"
"If you go take a shower right now -- and I'm not saying you stink or anything, but say you needed to take a shower- will you be putting on your bathing suit?"
"No, of course, that's ridiculous."
"It is? Well, say you wanted to go for a swim, you wouldn't do it naked of course, that would be silly. No one does that. But you would go put on your boxer briefs, right?"
"You know I wouldn't. I've got a perfectly fine bathing suit."
"Which covers the exact same real estate in a very similar fabric as your boxers right?"
"Yeah."
"So, bathing suit... boxers... naked. Everything is about context and custom. No objective difference between you and the water in those situations, but you've got costume restraints, right? Me, I just strip it all off and jump in."
"Fine. But, also, you know good and well that the social customs are powerful and if you just stripped to your bra and underwear at the beach it would cause a ruckus."
"It would. And if you wore a three-piece suit to the beach it would as well. All about custom. Costume custom. So, why not choose a custom you're comfortable with if you have the choice? I mean, I wear a bathing suit when I'm at Aunt Judy's pool, right? We've been over there several times since my wardrobe preferences changed. But, it's a courtesy."
"And at home, you have a different set of courtesies than out and about. Okay, I get it. And I guess you couldn't really just tell me without this conversation. So, I understand. It's just a bit much to take in seeing my naked mother shaking her jubblies all over the house without explanation."
"I don't shake. Well, not excessively. And now you've got an explanation," she said reaching out a hand to touch my forearm. "We okay?"
"Oh, of course," I grinned. "I'll even remember not to turn the AC up more than usual."
"Yeah, just think of the reduced carbon footprint."
"You're a real environmentalist."
"I'm a big fan of reduce-reuse-recycle."
I chuckled, "So, I guess I'm going to need to just get used to this."
"Is it such a chore? Am I so hideous?" she asked in a mock pout.
"You know damned well that you aren't," I said. "You're gorgeous. Always have been. I could never understand the self-doubt you had after the divorce, but I see that you found an interesting way to rebuild your self-esteem."
"Yeah, it's doing alright now. Sure, the Shithead has his plaything, but in 20 years will she have a rack like this," she said cupping her admittedly gorgeous breasts. Sure, they sag a bit, but still full, beautifully shaped, and with wonderfully dark nipples.
"Eh, no? I mean, how am I supposed to answer that, Mom?"
"Well, I guess. But, you know what I mean. I'm not 20 but I think I've still got it."
"Whatever it is, lady, you've got it in spades," I admitted.
"Awww, you think I'm pretty," she smirked.
"And you're fishing for compliments," I countered.
"Yep. A girl's gotta try. Now, you going to join in?"
"Join what?"
"The naked bar cult. The weirdo pervy old lady band."
"Eh, what? Like wander around the house naked? Together?"
"Hey, no pressure," she calmly said. "You do you. But, I'm just saying that I plan to be naked. And if you ever wanted to give the nudie thing a try, you wouldn't find an easier opportunity."
"Well, I'll give that all the consideration it deserves," I quipped.
"Fine, fine. But, I'm telling you -- it'll change your life," she smiled and got up. She walked into the kitchen and left me with my thoughts. Unfortunately, the foremost thought was that her ass did, in fact, look amazing as she walked away and that I was probably going to burn in hell if I couldn't get the image out of my head.
------
So, yeah, quarantine isn't what I expected.
We're not getting on each other's nerves too much, and I'm definitely grateful for a place to land. My lease came due as my job got tentative. And while I can work virtually, it was pretty clear that signing a long-term lease during a pandemic was questionable.
Mom seemed okay with me coming to stay here for a while. I mean, she even seemed glad of it, so that was nice. I admit, I didn't want to be one of those dudes that goes rushing back to the parental basement at the first sign of responsibility, but I think we all can agree that pandemic and recession are unusual circumstances.
So, we were working out a new sort of life. We set up workspaces at opposite ends of the house. A bit of quiet. A bit of focused space. I ordered the groceries and take out, she did the home cooking. We worked until about 6 PM each day, then there was a quiet happy hour drink, followed by dinner and something on streaming. It was oddly, comfortable. Cozy even. You know, with the one exception -- the naked thing.
Okay, she wasn't naked all the time. It's true. When we were working, Mom would get dressed fully for the office. In a way, it seemed overreaction. She would put on makeup, business casual at the least, and do her hair. The shoes were flats, but she was never barefoot "at work." I, pretty regularly, worked in sweats and a tee. Barefoot and with a fair chance of not having bathed in the last 48 hours. Finally, I asked.
"Okay, what gives?"
"Me, given an ounce of encouragement."
"Wha-?"
"Seriously, you don't know that line?"
"What line?"
"Okay, that's it. Doctor No on television tonight. I think Prime has it."
"What are you talking about?"
"That line, you uneducated juvenile. It's from the first James Bond film. I've really neglected your education."
"Okay, fine. We'll watch whatever you like, but what I was asking was -- what's with the wardrobe?"
"You are always so concerned with what I wear... geez. It's what I wear to work, what about it?"
"We're on quarantine. We're at home," I said genuinely curious. "There's no office. And, you know, just a tiny sidenote, you walk around here naked the entire rest of the time. So, why the formality?"
"Aw, are you missing my bare behind?" she teased.
"You know that's not what I'm saying, you harlot you."
"Oh, fine. So, work life requires focus. You're young and haven't been doing the office place work life as long as I have. I find that if you want to stay on track and not get distracted, then you need to -- or at least I need to- treat each work day as much like it would be if I was in the office or not. Also, there are video conference calls and it would not due to have Deb in Accounting wondering why my tits are out."
"Yeah, I guess I see that part, certainly."
"Right. And after you've worked for a while you will figure out that there are never enough hours in the day. When you're young, you can and probably should work a lot of hours. You're learning and figuring out where you fit. Once you've been around a while, the challenge becomes doing everything you should do without burning out," she said gesturing at her outfit. "This is how I draw a line around the work day."
I nodded. I think I got it.
"When the day is done the bra-"
"And everything else," I elaborated.
"Comes off. It just helps to keep me focused and to make a distinction between the work day and home time. You should give it a try."
"You're always so obsessed with what I'm wearing," I whined in a bit of a tease.
She ruffled my hair and said, "You're a grown assed man. Do what you like, but I can offer advice. I'm a mom. It's what we do. Now, out of this kitchen/breakroom and back to work you slacker."
"Yeah, yeah... but to be clear, 'you are not the boss of me.'"
The next morning when I rolled out of bed, I thought, "Oh, give her the win. Why not?" So, I went to the closet and pulled out my official work clothes. I mean, we don't wear suits, thank god, but the folks who roll into the main campus regularly tend toward the khaki and golf shirt chic.
I don't mind the khaki, but I tend more toward the button down. Golf shirts just seem sort of douchey to me. Anyway, I laid out the outfit, hit the shower, and managed to not trip over myself as I brushed my teeth and buckled on the J. Crews. I slipped into my real grownup shoes, and headed back into my bathroom to finish up with the teeth. That sorted, I buttoned up the button down and thought, "What the hell" as I grabbed a tie and fancied things up a bit more. I figured I'd play it all for a bit of a joke.
As I grabbed a cup of coffee in the kitchen, Mom looked up from her yogurt and chuckled. "Nice. You decided on just the tie, no top hat or tails?"
"Well, you know, it's not that formal a work environment here at Debauched Nudist, Inc."
"You never know. Still, I appreciate the effort. I'd hate for you to bring down the tone of the joint."
"That's for after Five," I replied.
"Absolutely."
Okay, I admit it. I don't want to, but I kind of have to. She was right. I mean, about the work wardrobe. I was actually much more focused right through the day. It was surprising.
I had been chipping away at a project for a while and it never seemed to move forward. Then today, I just dropped right into a Flow state. I put in six solid hours before I knew it had happened. When I realized that my bladder was about to burst, it hit me that this 'dress for work' thing was pretty smart. It took me out of the distracted half-assery that I'd been managing and right into production mode. It helped tremendously. Damn. She's totally going to gloat.
I wrapped up the last of this draft and forwarded it to the team for editing. I felt like I'd really done some good today. That was remarkable. Quarantine had been fine -- I like Mom and I'm not super extroverted- but I'd been missing out on feeling like I was getting something done at work. I'd given up my lease and in part that was because I knew that my job was hanging by a thread. Feeling like I'd contributed meaningfully today really eased a bit of tension.
I chugged through the rest of the afternoon, and called it quits. I stood up and walked down the hall to Mom's office. I figured I should thank her for the tip and take the teasing that it would inevitably draw. As I got near her office- the guest room- door I could hear that she was talking to someone. I didn't want to interrupt but it sounded casual. I gently tapped the door.
"Oh, hon- c'mon in, it's just Shari," she called out.
I eased the door open, and said "Hi Shar-"
On my mother's giant workstation monitor was Shari, her apparently better than I knew friend. It wasn't a phone call. It was a Zoom chat. And Shari was topless. Fuck.
Shari is a woman of a certain age. Comfortably middle aged, I suppose. Round and rambunctious. Endlessly cheerful. Her hair is defiantly gray and generally worn in a short spikey do. Her makeup is what I'd probably call 80s outrageous. As of now, I know that she has wonderfully large breasts that show their age, but are capped with barbell piercings through each nipple as well as an intricate tattoo design encircling them-- some sort of tribal thing. Had not anticipated any of that.
"Hey, Babe! So nice to see you. Your Mom says the tits are out of the bag and all."
"Uh, hi Shari. Uh... yeah, I suppose you could say that," I sort of scratched my five o'clock shadow. "Casual Friday at your job?"
She took a beat, then cackled. Mom chuckled a bit as well.
"Oh, baby doll, every day is casual day around here. Though you're all tied up and tied down in that outfit. Here I was hoping to catch a peek of a handsome young man with his business casually out," she teased.
"Well, if I'd known you were tele-visiting, I'd have dressed for the occasion."
"Tease. Lesley says you've finally stopped giving her shit about being naked, but she definitely hasn't said you were joining in. Don't give an old lady expectations," she grinned.
"Oh, Shari... just for you," I reached up and loosened my tie... unbuttoned the top shirt button and said "There... Now, don't get overheated."
"Bad Boy, you."
"I come by it honestly."
"Yeah, I am sure. Now, Les -- you guys be good... or, you know, don't. I'm going to go kick Donny in his elderly ass and remind him he's grilling tonight. I sure do miss you and can't wait til we can see each other again."
"You too, dear. Love to Don."
"Well, I'll do my best. Ciao."
She blew a kiss and rang off.
"Sorry to interrupt, Mom. Didn't realize... any of that."
"Oh, not to worry. We were just catching up after I logged off from work. You weren't interrupting and besides Shari had just been asking after you."
Mom pushed back from her desk and stood up. We walked back to the kitchen together. "Shar wondered how you were doing with the whole -- wardrobe- issue. We had texted, but we were missing seeing each other so she set up a Zoom."
"Boy did she."
"Oh, yeah. I guess you weren't expecting THAT part of it," she smiled.
"Nope. Not what I was expecting. Usually when I'm on a teleconference the most interesting thing I see is up someone's nose. Never their nipple jewelry."
"You just don't have the right sorts of conferences apparently."
"Clearly," I agreed. "So, Shari just shows up and videos you tits out?"
"Of course. I mean, I'd do it to her, but I was just finishing working hours and George doesn't get to see the goodness."
"Yeah, poor George."
"Seriously, he's a dick and she's my friend. My friends get to see my bits and shitty people get... well, buttoned up and girdled."
"That's like a cosmic law."
"Indeed."
"Now, what was the knock about? You don't usually visit," she asked as she gently placed her hand on my forearm.
"Oh, nothing... just saying that I had a great day that was weirdly and wonderfully productive, so I wanted to thank you."
"Me?" she smiled a little surprised.
"Well, you inspired me with the dressing up for work thing. I wasn't doing it and while I don't think I was slacking tremendously, I do think that I produced a lot more once I put on a tie. It was kind of remarkable how much I did today," I said. "And I wanted to acknowledge that as much as it irks me, you were right and I was wrong."
Mom grabbed at her chest and seemed to be having a fit.
"I was... right?!" she gasped. "I can't imagine... how could such a thing be true?!"
"Yeah, yeah," I said. "Fine. Give me all the shit... I deserve it."
"Yes, baby doll," she grinned and stood upright. "You do. I mean, I wasn't woo woo silly about it. It's just basic sense. Though, of course, because your mommy said so it must be wrong."
"That's not fair. I was just... you know, cautious," I laughed.
"Yeah, sure," she said. "I say, put on a tie and you say... bullshit. I say, nude is fun, and you say, 'what a horny old bitch'."
"I never-"
"You might as well have," she chuckled and then in a lowered tone, "Not that that's totally wrong. But, I'm just saying, that it's nice to see you acknowledging that the old broad has a notion or two that might be worthwhile. And, of course, giving you a peek of Shari's... what did you call them, bodacious ta-tas? So, you know, don't condemn that which you later rely upon in a diddling sesson."
"Oh, damn... you did not have to go there. What makes you think that Shari will make me... do that?"
"You're a red-blooded male? I mean, they are magnificent."
"A little saggy," I snarked.
"As are every tit past the age of twelve. And did you see those piercings? The tattoos?"
"I see."
"What?"
"That you are more than a little into Shari's boobs."
"And you aren't?"
"Didn't say that-"
"Damn right you didn't, because it would be a lie," she cross-examined. "I bet you had a twitch in the trousers when you saw her didn't you? You wanted to feel her up, smooch those metal accented nipples and maybe wrap that beautiful landscape around your undeserving cock... at an uneducated guess."
"Well, that's not fair. I might be deserving."
"I don't think so," she dismissed the notion.
"Why's that?" I asked a bit more genuinely curious than I would have let on.
"Well, you're dressed and it's after five. Now leave me to my business because I desperately need to get out of these hose and get a shower." As she left the room she called out,. "Order food for dinner or something. I'm starving."
"Your wish..."
"Damn right," I heard trailing into her bedroom.
I pulled out my phone and opened a delivery app. Scrolled through a bit and settled on far too much from our neighborhood Asian restaurant. I mean, it's not wasteful if you plan on eating the leftovers tomorrow. And possibly the next day. Walking back into my bedroom I could hear the shower running down the hallway. Not a terrible idea, actually. The food will be half an hour. And it'll be left on the table outside our door that we set up for deliveries -- pandemic necessity I guess. So, I've got time for a quick shower.
I stepped into my room, stripped out of my "office" clothes and hit the attached bath. The water heater could handle both of us, I figured and besides... a little cold snap wouldn't be the worst thing Mom endured because I was living here.
When the water hit an acceptable temp, I climbed in and rinsed off. Soaping and scrubbing hit an unlikely impediment though when I realized that as I lathered and rinsed the manly bits, I was lingering. I guess Shari's vid had hit me a little harder, as it were, than I'd let on. I mean, of course, it did. I'd learned to breathe into the discomfort and think of baseball when Mom wiggled and jiggled around our house. It wasn't easy, if I'm being honest, but I could just manage the appropriate control.
But, if you're going to start springing even newer breasts on a fellow you have to expect reaction. So, I wanted to linger. I guess I must have lingered longer than I'd thought because the temp on the water suddenly shifted up. I guess that meant Mom was done. Damn. Didn't want to rush the enjoyment, but also -- dinner and explanation. So, I shut the water off and grabbed a towel.
My phone notified me that my food had been delivered. Well, damn. I guess I had lingered even longer than I imagined. Or maybe the restaurant was really on top of things. I wrapped the towel around my waist and stepped into my room. I started to get dressed and thought better of it. The food was sitting outside. Cooling, sure, and who knows about bugs. It would just take a sec to go get it.
I padded down the hallway and hung a right at the sofa. Opened the door and grabbed the several bags on the table. Damn. It was a lot more food than we really needed, and almost more than I could carry in one trip. Oh well. Bags in hands, I hip checked the front door and headed to the kitchen.
As I reached the island and started to get them out of my hands a couple of things happened at once. First my towel gave up the ghost. These things aren't Velcro-ed on and I'd moved quickly, hip bumped a door and jostled it good and loose. Given my current handful I couldn't grab it.
Secondly, and maybe more importantly, Mom had clearly finished cleaning up before I had and was in front of the open refrigerator... bent at the waist -- naked of course- with her ass and surrounding bits on full prominent display. She called back to me as she heard me setting things down, "Didn't we have a Chard in here? I could have sworn it was in the vegetable drawer, you know -- Chardonnay in for the veg... humor and all."
And maybe most importantly, my cruel, disloyal biology kicked into high gear and I sprang a powerful, sudden erection the like of which I hadn't seen since 8th grade when Kelly Samuels flashed her bra at me. I mean, give me a break... 8th grade, I thought I'd need to be hospitalized. I wondered if I should just call 911 now. The combination of Shari, the shower-time cut short, my own nakedness and this gorgeous view of leg, ass, and naked vulva... well... I'm only human. And apparently a pervy human.
Setting the bags down as quickly as I could so I could grab the towel and my dignity I didn't see Mom stand upright and turn around as she said, "We didn't drink it already did- Damn."
I finally just dropped whatever was still in my hands and bent for the towel. "Uh, sorry. Uh -- accident. Uh- sorry."
"Oh, don't be sorry son. I mean, I was going to say I'm proud of you."
"P-Proud?" I mumbled and wrapped the towel around me, insufficiently covering the bulge that I then stepped behind the island to obscure.
"Well, you decided the Old Broad was right about Office Dress Code, and seemingly on the same day decided that the After Work Dress Code was worth a shot too," she grinned. "That's a lot of Willingness to Try New Things. And I'm proud of that."
"Uh, yeah... I mean, I wasn't... I was... well, then the food came... and uh... accident," I stumbled towards coherency.
Mom walked around the island and said, "Look, it's okay. You can own it. I get that it's a little weird that I'm naked all the time, but I think if you give it a try then you too will like it."
She put her hand on my chest and said, "I mean, really, what's to worry?"
"Well-"
"Yeah, yeah. But, you know I'm fine with the whole naked thing. You've seen Shari is totally casual about it. And it's safe here. I won't tell a soul that you were rockin' out with your... er... that you were nude. You'll be fine."
"But, I wasn't-"
"You weren't expecting the erection. I get it," she eyed the tented towel. "I mean, I don't Get Get It... that's a special gift for the folks in your life you want to share it with. I'm just saying, I understand that it's going to happen."
"I was-"
"It's kind of comforting to know I'm not hideous," she chuckled. "So, don't worry. It'll go away in a few minutes. Or not. It doesn't matter to me that much in this context, because I'm about to devour a truly horrific number of dumplings, Dumplin'. Which is sure to put a damper on your lascivious member. Now, get some bowls and the good chopsticks."
Mutely stunned, I turned to do as I was instructed. A bit in a daze I had got the bowls out and grabbed the utensils. When I returned to the island and set them down, I felt a cold sensation and realized that I'd walked (gently) cock first into the counter. I looked down, saw I was naked, and then looked up to see Mom holding the towel I'd been wearing.
"See, not so tough," she said. "Now, what all do we have in this smorgasbord?"
She started scooping and dishing and gathering the goods. I stood there a bit paralyzed. I came to, in a fashion, and saw her walking over to the couch. She sat down her food and grabbed the remote.
"I'm thinking that new Ryan Murphy thing. And since I'm the first to the remote, you're stuck with it," she gloated.
I shook my head and just tried to roll with this utterly strange turn of events. I picked up a bowl and filled it with embarrassing amounts of food. In a few moments we were watching a strange period piece with glitzy costumes and a loose interpretation of history.
After a while -- a term which probably means more than one episode and less than three (quarantine and streaming have destroyed time)- Mom stopped the binge-fest with a small yawn.
"Okay, that's enough for tonight. Cute costumes and what would have been a startling number of swinging dicks," she said while gesturing vaguely in my direction. "If not for... you know."
"Hey, hey, no making fun of the first timer."
"Virgin, huh?"
"You know, what I mean you old perv."
"Yeah, but it's sweet to see you blush. Especially when you've been casually sitting on the couch all night with your old Mom while naked as the day she brought you into the world. Kind of nice, right?"
"Okay, yeah. It was kind of nice. Sweet and intimate without being too pervy. I mean, a little pervy, but not so much that I had to scream and run away," I teased.
"Oh, you're a screamer," she said and leaned over menacingly.
"Hey, now," I laughed and shrinked away from her 'terrifying' boobs.
"Will you scream you silly boy?" she mock threatened and ridiculously wiggled her shoulders sending her breasts into new and interesting arcs. It was played for laughs and burlesque fun. That said, she was awfully close to me. And naked. And look, boobs in motion are designed by the Cosmic Engineer to have an effect.
"Look, you win-"
"You bet, I win!" she said and reached out to tickle my ribs. Now, yeah, I'm ticklish. It's dumb, but it's true. And she knows this. I flinched. She pursued. And soon we were both laughing and wrestling around on the couch as I tried to out tickle her.
When we finally called truce, we were tangled up in a pile on the sofa. Smiling and laughing and joyously wrapped together. It was one of the most contented moments of my life, if I'm being honest. Weird to say, but true. There had been so much tension in the world, and weirdness in our living arrangements that it was just a gigantic relief to be so uninhibited and utterly relaxed.
"Sleep?" she asked blearily.
"Good idea," I agreed and started to shift. We had put the food away between episodes 1 and 2, so at least there were no chores.
"Nope," she mock pouted. "Sleep."
She snuggled in and seemed to be making the case that we sleep here on the couch. And weird as my day had been. Hell these weeks. This seemed no weirder. And comfortably strange. What the hell?
I closed my eyes and drifted off.
I don't know what I had been dreaming, but I opened my eyes and saw the shadows playing on the living room ceiling. Mom was still out, though snuffling in a sweet not-a-snore-young-man. It was adorable. And I was as happy as I remember being. And then, I was aware that I desperately needed to pee. Awkward. Didn't want to wake her. Couldn't really wait on this. So, I began to shift. Trying to find a way to extract myself from the couch. Badly. Eventually, I just pushed her enough to wake her gently and begin rolling off the couch.
"Wha-?"
"Have to pee. Go back to sleep."
"No," she said as she began to breathe deeply and slip back to sleep.
I heel and toed it to my bathroom in the dark and began to fulfil the needful. It had been an unusual day. But, that nap on the couch and an evening with Mom -- just watching tv- had been fantastic. I guess the naked thing has its merits.
I wasn't quite done when I heard shuffling behind me and felt the presence of my mother lurking in the doorway. I guess privacy is a little irrelevant after hours naked on a couch and then sleeping cuddled up together. New world.
She shuffled in and I felt her lean forward against my back. Breasts pressed into me, cheek against my back, mumbling "Pee. Done yet?"
"A sec," I whispered. I nearly was, but you know sometimes things are slower under pressure. She snaked a hand around and I felt her grab my prick. Well, damn. That sealed off the flow suddenly. She wiggled it about for a second and said, "See, you're done. Move."
Now there had been two perfectly fine baths in this house. Hell, a half bath in the foyer. We did not have to be this crowded. But, here we were with my mother's hand on my cock and all the awkwardness that I could muster. I shuffled aside and put the lid down on the toilet.
"Good boy," she muttered as she sat down. I realized that it was a good thing the lights were off. My reaction to that touch. This intimacy. Well, it was what you'd expect. She began to pee and I began to wonder why I hadn't left. I mean, I guess I knew why I hadn't left. But, I didn't know how to justify or explain it.
"Shh," she said as she began to wipe herself.
"I didn-"
She reached over and grabbed me by the cock. I said, "shh."
She pulled me toward her and of course I couldn't resist. In the darkness, shadows on the wall from lights on the street I felt rather than saw Mom take me into her mouth. Slow, warm, wet, wonderful. I didn't expect it. I didn't regret it. I just let it happen.
I reached out and ran my fingers through her hair as she licked and swallowed and stroked me into a painful, trembling erection. I didn't think I'd last. She didn't either. With a "pop" I felt and heard her slip off the end of my penis and she stood up sliding her body along mine.
"Back up, kid. Bedroom is right there. More comfy."
I backed into the doorjamb but turned and shuffled into the bedroom. I hadn't made the bed this morning, but as my knees backed into the side of it I felt Mom's hand on chest. She pushed and I fell backwards. I could feel more than see her climb in on top of me. She slid up my body and leaned over face to face. My cock rested against her hip. She breathed into my mouth as she said, "It's all just a dream. We'll wake in the morning and you can decide if this happened. But now," she said as she slipped her leg over mine and road the bottom of my dick with her soaking wet vulva. "Now, we just dream."
She reached back with one hand and lined us up together. Nestled but not yet complete, I felt her tongue reach out and lick my lips. I raised my head to kiss her. One hand slid along her side and up to her neck. She moaned, and then in a single, smooth undulation, connected us. I groaned.
She moaned.
I wrapped both of my arms around her and drew my fingers across her back as she fucked me slowly and rhythmically. It felt like we'd always done this. Second nature and first class lovemaking.
I could feel the tremors start. Too soon. This was supposed to last forever. I wanted it to last forever. I didn't want the dream to end.
"Shh, baby... it's okay. Let it go. Come for Mommy. Come in my cunt. Let me feel you fill me-"
And I did.
"up! Oh, baby, that's so good. I want this to never end. Fill Mommy up."
I came and came and shook with a beautiful seizure. It was amazing. And it drained me of energy, reservation, and doubt. When I was clearly spent, I felt Mom collapse on top of me. Skin to skin. Every inch of our bodies touching.
"So, nice, baby boy. Thank you for that very nice dream we had," she whispered as she slid off me and stepped into the bathroom. I heard her sit and oddly (it seemed to me) pee a little. I heard her grab a towel off the rack and she returned to clean up a bit of the mess that I'd made.
I groaned, I admit and felt that this might just be round one.
"Shhh," she said. "Remember, we're dreaming. We're having an little unexpected joy. A little surprise in the dream life. There are no consequences for dreams. It's the realm of the unexplored and the private joy. Now, I'm going to my bed."
I admit I had a little pouty moan.
"Which has a lot less cum stain in it. No wet spots. So, you know, why don't you join me, if you promise not to freak out when the sun comes up."
I nodded -- in the dark, so ineffectually.
"You can stay here, or come in there. But until we decide differently, nothing happened tonight. It was just a dream."
We stood and walked, hand in hand, to her bedroom down the hall. We climbed in, cuddled together and drifted off into a deep, contented sleep.
I woke in the morning to the sound of rustling and saw a figure -- Mom- walking over to the dresser. She opened it and seemed to pull out underwear and a bra. Oh, this will not stand. I rolled over onto my knees, reached out and wrapped an arm around her.
She giggled and said, "Morning."
"Morning," I whispered. "I had this really wild dream."
"Really?," she asked. "A good one?"
"One of the best," I said. "Let me tell you about it."
I pulled her back towards me and rolled her onto the bed.
"It started in shadow, waking from a nap," I pushed her onto her back, spreading her legs. "And went on for years and years. It was so hot, I don't think I'll ever really wake up from it."
"Oh, that sounds nice," she said.
"It's the best. And I think I'm going to take my time telling you about it."
"But work," she muttered around my kiss.
"I think we've got time. The commute is hell, but I bet we can manage."
She laughed, and then kissed me back with a passion that thrilled me.
"Good. Because this little unexpected fun, doesn't mean you don't have to dress for work now, young man."
"Yes, mother."
We laughed, and then of course loved. Quarantine. I guess we all adapt. And sometimes thrive.