Once we had all the groceries in the house and put away, I started cooking. And, in case anyone was wondering, I helped bring the food in while totally naked. They didn't give me my clothes back.
I fixed a nice creamy chicken noodle casserole with cheese on top. I fried up the chicken breast, cut them into bite size pieces, boiled the noodles then put them all together with some cream of chicken soup, milk and peas. I baked it in the oven while I fixed some garlic bread. When the casserole was hot, I put shredded cheese on top and put it back into the oven, so it would melt. It turned out really good.
I didn't know what my roomies were doing while I cooked, but that was a rule we all obeyed. When someone was cooking, no one else was allowed in the kitchen. And, we all shared in the meal. The guys were as good cooks as all us girls. However, their best food comes off the grill in the back yard.
Once everything was ready, I set the table, put the food out and called to the others to come eat. We sat and talked like nothing ever happened. The only thing that was different, was I was naked sitting with 4 clothed people.
Once dinner was finished, we all chipped in to clean up and got the dishwasher going. Then we retired to the living room, where once again, I was in my chair with my legs wide apart, showing the other 4 my wide-open pussy.
Then, they started talking about the things I have been doing. They talked about me being naked in the store, getting the mail naked, walking around campus in just my sheer panties, having to walk around with my panties at me knees, letting others feel me up, etc.
But then, Steve said, "Now Sally, while you were cooking, we have decided to add some rules to your contract. We have them all printed out and we have signed them. All that is need now is for you to read them out loud to us and agree to them. Are you ready?"
"Yes, I guess I am. I just don't want to be in trouble or lose my virginity. But I guess other things will be ok." I told them.
Joan handed me the contract which contained all the rules and I was told to go to the new ones since I already agreed to the previous ones. I looked at the sheet and at the end of the first section was all our signatures and then it started with an addendum.
I thought that was pretty funny, but then since Joan wants to be a lawyer, she would do things like this. But, I went to the part where all the new rules started and began to read.
'Since you must be naked in the house always, we are adding you will be naked whenever on the property. That means you have to dress and undress in the street.'
"No, wait a moment," I said, "That means that I will be naked always inside and outside as long as I am on our property?"
"That is correct Sally. You want others to see you naked, and we are just making sure a lot of others see you that way." Steph said.
Then Steve added, "We will put a box at the end of the drive with a lid on it. Your clothes will be put in there for you. Each day one of us will pick out your clothes and place them in the box. You will only wear what you find in the box. When you get back home, the clothes get put back in the box and you will be allowed to come on the property once you are naked."
"Ok, I'll accept that rule." I said, not wanting to really do it, but I had to agree or they might quit playing with me.
"Very good Sally. We are sure you'll enjoy the extra exposure," Joan told me.
"Now, let's move on to the next rule," Steph said.
"Ok, might as well get it all out so we can have some fun," I said.
I read the next rule and wasn't sure if I liked it or not, but we can discuss it, I guess.
'You will not be allowed to cum without permission for us. No matter what we have you do, you will not cum unless you ask for permission.'
"I'm not sure I understand this rule. You mean you want me to stop cumming to get the relief I need from showing off my naked body. And what does it mean, no matter what we do?" I asked.
"That's about right Sally. We want to control your orgasms," Steve said.
"Here is how it will work Sally," Ron said, "Each morning you will pick a number from the jar we have placed on the coffee table. Inside will be numbers. We have put 4 #1's, 4 #2's,4 #3's and 4 #4's. But, we have also added 2 free ones inside."
Then Joan continued where Ron left off. 'Once you pick a number from the jar, that will be how many of us you have to ask for permission to cum. If you pick one, you only need for one of us to give you permission. If you happen to pick a 4, then all of us have to say yes, before you can cum. However, if one of us says no, then you can't cum. If it is the #1, then you may call all of us to get that one yes to cum."
"I don't know about this one. I get so turned on from being naked and want to cum. But, I guess if this is a rule, then ok," I told them.
"That is good Sally, but we were not finished telling you all of it," Steph said.
"OH, and what else will you add?" I asked.
"Well, during the day, each of us may tell you to edge, and you can't stop till one of us says you can. We will text you during the day and say, 'EDGE'. That is when you start playing with that cute little pussy and you must continue until you get another text saying 'STOP'", she told me.
"No, I can't do that all day long, especially in class. So, I change my mind and say no to this rule," I told them all.
"Sally, that disappoints us," Ron said, "We really want to do this with you. We still promise not to get you in trouble or expelled from college. But, if you insist, we have to come up with some other form of enjoyment and some punishments to go along with it."
"No, wait. I don't like being punished. So, I guess we will have to quit our games because I can't do this all the time every day. You all should realize what it would be like to be made to Jill in public every day. So, I guess we can't go on," I said.
"No, we don't want you to quit, because you need this and we want to help you. So, we promise not to make you edge where you could be in trouble and we won't make you do it each day. But, since you are demanding we change the rule, we must include some punishments for you." Steph said.
"Well, I guess I can at least try it for you guys. But please, I can't be playing with my pussy all day without cumming. But, I'll agree, for now, just to see how far I can go," I told them. Then, I thought about what they said and added, "What kind of punishments are you thinking about?"
"Well, let's see, Steve said, "If you happen to cum without permission we give you 3 options to choose as punishment. If you refuse to edge when we say, you get 4 options. So, if you get punished, it will be you who decides what it will be."
"Ok, so what are the 3 and 4 options you will give me." I asked.
"Glad you asked," Joan said. "First of the 3 options will be, you will ask someone else to play with your pussy in public, with an audience and you have to beg them to make you cum. But you know you can't cum without permission, so you will have to suck it up until we tell you to stop."
I didn't like that one, but I waited see what other options I would have.
"The next option is," Ron continued where Joan left off, "you will suck off some guy and make him cum in your mouth. You will hold his cum in your mouth until one of us tells you to swallow."
That was not going to happen. I hated sucking cocks and I wasn't going to do it and then hold that nasty tasting spunk in my mouth.
Steph added the 3rd option. "You will strip naked and allow someone to spank your naked ass and give you 10 to 20 hard smacks."
That wasn't going to take place either. I might have to really quit, this time, but I still wanted to show off.
"So, what is the 4th option should I say I won't edge for you?" I asked.
Steve answered that question. "That option will be given to you if we ever need to use it. Until then, you won't know what it is unless we need to enforce it. But rest assured, you won't lose the cherry. At least your pussy cherry."
That could only mean one thing. They would want me to get fucked in the ass and that won't happen either.
"Look guys, you know I hate sucking cocks and don't like spankings. Having someone play with my pussy is not a thing I would enjoy either and I don't like the idea of waiting on an option until it is needed either, so I am not sure I can do any of it." I said.
"Well, it is either that or we stop playing with you. No more showing Sally anywhere. No more making Sally get naked for others. But, if you quit, Steph said she might enjoy some play time as long as you didn't help with the suggestions. So, it is up to you. Do want us to keep showing Sally or do you want to move back into the dorm so we can continue with our lives." Steve said.
"No, I don't want to move out and I would rather show off than have Steph do it. So, I will do my best to obey your rules, but please, I can't play with my pussy in class. I would be expelled for sure and if my parents found out I got kicked out because I was jerking off in class. That would kill them." I was begging.
"Don't worry Sally, we won't let you get in trouble for what we want you to do. But, you will be doing so much more in other places" Steph told me.
I was relieved about that, but was still worried some. They are really pushing my limits, but it is what I wanted. I wanted to be naked and humiliated and that is what they are doing for me.
Then Ron said, "Sally, we can eliminate one of your options if you'll agree to let us play with you in class also. If you let us do things while you are in class, you can pick out one of the punishment options to eliminate. What do you say?"
"I can't do anything in class because I would be seen by others that know me and the professors wouldn't like it at all. But, since you say you will protect me, I might say yes." I told them.
"What will it take for you to agree Sally?" Joan asked.
"As you all know, I crave the exposure and humiliation and I love to cum even if I am still a virgin. So, if you will continue showing me off and humiliating me without getting me in trouble or expelled along with keeping my virginity, I'll do as you want." I told them.
"Very good Sally. Now, it is bed time. You will sleep without covers tonight and we would like you to keep your legs open if you can." Steph told me.
"Or, we can tie you spread eagle to your bed. Would you like that Sally?" Steve asked me.
"Mmmmmm, not sure about that. I have never been tied down before. How would I get up to go pee?"
"Well, you won't be able to get up until we untie you," Ron said, "And you would just have to hold your pee or make a mess in your bed."
"Maybe we can just tie your legs open and if you need to pee or get up, you can untie them." Joan added.
"Wait, I have a better idea," Steph said, "We can get a long stick or bar to put on her ankles and then secure them there. That way, she can still get up, but her legs will be open all the time."
"Oh, you mean like a spreader bar?" Steve asked.
"Yes, just like that. What we got we can use?" Steph asked.
"Let's look around. Sally, just stay there for a moment." Joan said.
Wow, these guys are really getting into exposing me and they want to see my open pussy a lot. I just hope we can keep everything out of it for a while longer. The 4 of them started looking around the house, but came up with nothing they could use.
When they got back, Joan said, "Well, tonight, just try to keep your legs open. Tomorrow, we can go get a bar to use when you sleep. Or for other times too."
They all agreed to that and allowed me to go to bed. I got out of the chair, walked to my room and left the door wide open. I got on top of the bed, laid on my back and spread my legs. Not sure how long they will stay open, but I will keep them like this until I go to sleep. After that, there is no guarantee.
I slept good and when I woke up, for some odd reason, my legs were still wide apart. But, having to pee, I closed them and got up. Got to the bathroom, left the door wide open and sat on the toilet to pee. And, as my rules state, I left my legs open, just in case one of the others happen to walk in. That way, they could watch as I peed. Don't know why they would like to watch that, but that is how I had to pee.
Finishing up, I took a shower, leaving the door open and letting them see all of me. Once done, I dried off, dried and brushed my hair, and then went to the kitchen. Joan and Steph were having coffee, but didn't see the guys. I got my coffee and sat with the girls and asked where the guys were.
"They've gone out to get that box for your clothes and see about getting a spreader bar for your legs at night, along with a few other toys to use." Joan told me.
"How can they get the bar and other toys? It is Sunday and nothing is open." I stated.
"Well, Steve is good friends with this guy who owns one of those adult stores. He called him last night and he agreed to let them come in this morning to get the things they need." Steph said.
"Well, that was nice of that guy, but you know it could have waited." I said.
"No, couldn't wait. We want you spread open at all times and this way, you will be. Now, what are the plans for today?" Steph questioned.
"Well, I was going to call Larry to see if he wanted to do something today. I think he is off work, so would have some free time. I do want to know him better, even though he has seen me naked and played with my pussy. He even knows how I cum. He just might be Mr. Right." I informed them.
"Now that is sweet, but you know before you can do anything with him, we have to give you permission and you must wear what we say, even if it is with him. But, go ahead and call him to see if he is up for some fun." Joan told me.
I got up with my coffee and went back to the bedroom for a little privacy, even if I had to leave the door open. I dialed the number and he answered right away.
"Hey beautiful, what are you doing today?" is how he answered the call.
"Hi, love how you answer your phone. Do you say that to all the girls?" I joked with him.
"No, just you. So, want to do something with me today. I'm off work with nothing else to do." He said.
"Well, that is why I called. I am kind of free with no classes. I want to see you, but I have to ask permission from the others. The guys are out buying some toys for me and the girls told me I could call you to see if you wanted to do anything. Of course, you know I may have to be naked or wear very little." I said.
"I understand," Larry said. I thought we could go on a picnic and maybe take in an afternoon movie. Then tonight, I would enjoy being with you at home to get to know your roommates better."
"That sounds nice, but I have to explain some new rules I have before we decide what to do. I may have to do things while we are out and I might embarrass you." I said.
"Hey, that is no problem. I like when you do things, especially if you are naked. What are the new rules?" He asked.
I explained that I had to be naked any time on the property and that I had to dress and undress in the street. I told him about them wanting me to edge without cumming and the permission I had to get to cum. I also explained the punishments should I cum or say no to edging. I was kind of embarrassed to tell my boyfriend that I might have to suck a cock or allow others to play with my pussy.
But, he got excited and said he loved it. Then he told me to put the phone on speaker and to go where the others were so they could talk. I did as he wanted and walked back into the kitchen. The guys had come home while I was in my bedroom talking with Larry, so they all got to talk with him now.
Once I was with them all, said, "Hey guys, Larry would like to talk to you all. I have him on speaker phone."
They all said hi to him and then Larry said, 'Look, I want to take Sally out this afternoon for a picnic and a movie, then bring her back so I can get to know you all better. Will that be ok if I borrow your toy?"
"Of course, you can Larry. Has she explained her rules to you? You know we control her every move now." Ron said.
"Yes, Sally has told me everything and I love it. I would like to help more if you'll let me. And, whatever you tell her, I'll be happy to go along with it, even if she has to strip naked someplace." Larry informed them all.
I was wishing he would take more control of me when we were out. That time at the restaurant was special and I loved that he had me do it. I loved sitting there naked for him. Now, he is telling my roomies that he wants to help them and do more with me. I was thinking of a naked picnic or stripping in the movies. But, I can't make those choices. I can't make any choices any more. It is all up to my 4 friends and now Larry.
They discussed the day with Larry and never asked me anything about how I felt. I just stood there, naked while they all planned my day for me.
Larry said, "I plan on picking up some chicken and extra fixings for a picnic lunch in Roger's park and then after eating there is a cool movie playing at the theatre that I would love to see. So, we will go watch it and then when it is over, we will come back by your home so we can meet and maybe do more with Sally. Is this Ok with y'all."
The 4 of them talked amongst themselves for a moment and then Steve said, "Larry, we like your plans and will allow Sally to go with you. What time do you want to pick her up? Keep in mind, you have to give her time to get dressed once you are here, because she can't wear clothes on the property."
"Yes, I am aware of that. Sally has informed me of her rules and I will accept them too. I would like to pick her up about 11:30 this morning. And, whatever she wears or doesn't wear is fine with me." Larry told them.
I was happy that he is on board with them and will allow them to play with me, even if I was with him on a date. It will be interesting to see how far they push me today. I hope that they will get me naked and have me show off to everyone. Not too sure about the other things yet, but will at least try.
"Very good Larry. We will watch for you to show up before allowing her to walk out. We will have her clothes in the box we put up this morning at the end of the drive. That way, you get a chance to see her walking out naked and getting dressed. See you soon." Joan told him.
Then we hung up and I got to see some of what they bought for me this morning. I looked out the window and saw a box on a pole right at the edge of the driveway. It was square and had a lid with a clasp on it. Guess that will be my closet from now on.
They pulled out a bar that was only about 12 inches long. I wondered why it was so short, but when Ron showed everyone what it looked like when he pulled it apart. He pulled both ends and it ended up being about 3 feet long before he stopped. It had hooks at both ends and I knew once I went to bed, I would have it between my ankles to keep my legs apart.
They also showed me a set of nipple clamps and a clit clamp too. They explained that they may or may not use them, but had them just in case. They had bought some leather ankle and wrist cuffs too and I wondered what I got into with these guys. I wasn't into the BDSM stuff, but it looks like it is turning into that.
We just sat around waiting for the time for me to meet Larry. Of course, I sat in the big chair with my legs wide open. We all talked about different things, but nothing about what I would have to do for them. The subject wasn't even brought up about me being naked around them and others.
Then, just before it was time for Larry to pick me up, Joan said, "Sally, what is Larry's phone number? We need to have it so we can contact him while you are out."
Of course, I had memorized his number and just blurted it out, without thinking. They all smiled as they were entering the number into their phones. Now, I was worried. Why did I do that. Not only do they have my number to tell me what they want, they have Larry's so he can tell me what they want done. Maybe I won't have my hands free to look at my phone. Will they handcuff me and make me go out? God, why do I get myself into these messes.
It was about time for Larry, so my roommates all went to my room to find my clothes. It didn't take them very long and when they came back out, they had a small bag with them and then they went outside. I stayed where I was, in my chair with my legs open and waited. They were not gone long before they were back inside.
"Sally, we picked out what you will wear today, at least what you will put on at the end of the drive. When you are dressing, you will not try to hide anything, no matter who may be watching you. Once you are dressed, you may get in Larry's car and go for your picnic and movie. Just remember, we will be texting you with instructions." Ron said.
"And remember, Strip, means everything off. Show us means you move your clothes so your pussy and tits show. Edge, means you begin to play with your cute little pussy until we say to stop. But, you know you can't cum. But, we may also tell you to remove one article at a time, instead of all at once. We will know if you do, because Larry will be doing videos of you for us." Steph said.
"OH, my God, Larry is going to help you, isn't he?" I asked.
"Yes, of course he is. He loves to show you off and he loves it when you show everyone your naked body. And since we won't be with you, he will be our eyes and ears." Joan said.
"Well, I guess that is ok since he had me naked before and he did make me cum when he played with me. I would rather he be with me than anyone else." I said.
"Very good. Larry is due here at any minute, so get ready to go meet him. He was told to park in the street so he gets a better view and won't make you come back on the property with clothes on." Steve said.
I noticed Ron was watching the window, so he knew when Larry arrived. I just sat in my chair showing off my bald naked pussy to all of them. I enjoyed having them look at me, but wasn't too sure about some of the other things they might want from me. I mean, if I cum, I might have to take another cock in my mouth and then hold the cum there till I was told to swallow. I didn't want to do that. Or, I might have my naked ass spanked, which I really don't want. Having someone play with my pussy was ok, except I was not allowed to cum, but had to beg whoever it was to make me cum. Why did I agree to all these things?
Larry pulled up to the edge of the drive and Ron said, "OK, Sally. Show time, but first reach into the jar to see how many you have to ask permission to cum today."
I reached into the jar Steve held and felt around. I pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to Joan. She opened it up and said, "2. That means 2 of us have to give you permission to cum and if you fail, you will get a punishment."
I got out of the chair and started toward the door. They all told me to enjoy and they would see me later after the movie. But I was also told to be sure I had my phone with me at all times so they could text me with instructions.
I said, "Yes, I will have it with me, but please make sure I am not in a place to get arrested for showing off for you."
"Don't worry Sally. We can't play with you if you get arrested, so just do as we say." Joan said.
I walked out the door, down the drive to get my clothes. Larry was waiting for me at the back of his car and he was taking a video of me as I walked. I got to the new box and giggled some. Never would have thought that my new dresser would be a box outside in view of everyone around.
Opening the box, I saw my clothes and began to get dressed. First on was the bright green thong, followed by the bright green sheer bra. Then the white, almost transparent blouse and the very short skirt, that barely covered my ass. I don't know where that came from, but I don't remember having it.
Once dressed, Larry opened the door for me and I got in. He went to the other side and off we went. I was going to enjoy my time with him, even if my owners texted me to do things. And, you guessed it, they did,
We got to the park and carried the food he picked up to one of the many picnic tables. They all had little grills with them, but we didn't need that. We put the food on the table and started eating.
About quarter of the way through the lunch, I got a text. But I noticed Larry also got one. I picked up my phone to read it. I don't know what Larry's text said, but I figured he was told to film me doing what they wanted me to do.
My text said, 'Remove your blouse Sally'
I stopped eating, unbuttoned my blouse and took it off. I put it on the table and sat there in my very sheer bra. Larry was taking a video of me doing it all and he had a big smile on his face. Once it was off, he sent it off to the others so they could tell I obeyed them.
We went back to eating, enjoying each other's company and Larry was looking very intently at me almost naked little tits. I thought that was cute. He has seen me naked before, but was acting like he had never seen tits before.
We talked about things, but nothing about my stripping in public. I learned more about him, finding out he also went to collage but was an upper classman. He didn't take any of the courses I was in and that is why I had never seen him before. I explained about my high school years and what I was taking and what I wanted to do once I graduated.
His plans were to be a big business man and become a CEO very quickly after graduating. He was very smart and I loved listening to him talk. He asked me lots of questions about my parents and where I grew up. He found out that I never really had a boyfriend in school because I put all my efforts toward an education
Then, the lunch was halfway done when the next text came in. Of course, he also got one at the same time. I never asked him what his said, but mine said, 'Stand up, and remove your skirt.'
I knew by the time we finished our lunch; I would be naked and probably have to play with my pussy for Larry, but I would rather do it in front of him than anyone else. I was getting wet down there and I felt the tingle I get when I do these things. Being naked is all I want and to be with the one person I want to spend more time with is precious.
And, once we ate almost all the chicken and salads, I got another text. All this one said was, 'STRIP'
I got right up, watched as Larry focused his camera on me and removed my bra and panties. Then I bent over and removed my shoes and I was totally naked in a public park. I had not seen anyone else, but that doesn't mean they weren't there to watch me.
As soon as I finished stripping, I got the next text. Larry kept filming me as I got on the table, spread my legs and began to play with my pussy. Yep, the text said, 'EDGE'.
I was playing with my very sensitive pussy, but was going slow. I didn't want to cum and get punished, but I did want to cum. I wasn't sure how long I could hold off because I was so horny. My pussy was dripping with juice and my fingers were soaked.
Larry was watching me and doing a video for my 4 owners. I love Larry, but he isn't helping me at all. He is on their side and looks like he is enjoying his time with me. But, I asked for all of this and I must do it.
I tried to look around, to take my mind off what I was doing between my legs. As I was looking at the scenery, I spotted a group of people approaching us. I couldn't tell if they saw me yet, but I knew they would very soon. I couldn't stop until I was told to by my 4 roomies and I couldn't cum without being punished. I tried to look away, but when I did I saw some other people staring at me. Yep, they saw me playing with my hot little pussy in public. I tried to tell Larry that others were watching and all he did was smile.
So, the first group was now close enough to see me and the others had moved even closer. It wasn't long and they were all sanding right next to Larry and he was explaining that it was an initiation and I wasn't allowed cum, and if I did, I would be punished for doing so. He kept videoing me playing with myself and scanned the others who were watching me.
I couldn't wait much longer and asked Larry to call the others for me. He picked up my phone and dialed one of the numbers. I listened for someone to answer. It was Joan saying, "Yes Sally what can I do for you?"
"Joan, please I need to cum. Will you let me?" I begged.
"Do you really want to have that wonderful orgasm Sally?" She asked.
"Yes, pppppllllleeeeseee I need to ccccuuuuummmmm." I almost screamed.
"OK, you can cum, but remember you need two of us to say yes. I'll give you to Steve." Joan informed me.
"Sally, this is Steve. Joan says you want to cum. Is that right. Does our girl want to cum in front of everyone?" He said.
"Yes Steve, please let me cccuuummmm." I begged him, while still rubbing my swollen juicy cunt.
"Well, what will you do for me if I let you cum?" He asked.
"Steve, almost anything. Please let me cum." I begged some more.
"Well, how about a promise that you will eat Steph's pussy after I fuck her tonight. That means you have to suck my cum out of her, just like you had me doing." He asked.
"Yes, I will do that, just let me cum please." I said, begging for relief.
"OK, tonight you eat cum from Steph's pussy while I watch. Now CUM for us Sally!!" Steve ordered.
And cum, I did. Wow, that was something else and I knew I was going to see it later. I started cumming just as soon as he told me to cum and I shot pussy juice all over the table. I must have shot out a gallon of that hot juicy liquid and when I finally quit cumming, I laid back and I think passed out.
Larry didn't stop filming me until I woke back up and closed my legs. He filmed my massive orgasm and then displayed my wide-open pussy still dripping from me playing with it and climaxing. But, he also captured the applause of the many people who watched me playing with myself in public and cumming for them. He scanned across the crowd and there must have been 20 or 30 people watching me. I loved it.
Larry then said, "Ok, Sally, they said for you to get dressed so we can go to the movies." And, he handed me my clothes.
I dressed in front of the crowd and once again, everyone cheered me on and thanked me for the show. I was embarrassed, but happy at the same time. I know I blushed, but who wouldn't when they put on a show for everyone and showed them all how you cum.
Once dressed, we gathered up the trash, threw it away and headed back to the car so we could go to the movies. I wondered what else they would make me do today, especially being in a dark theater.
Larry got us to the theater and bought our tickets. Once inside, he got a text, but I didn't. I wondered what it said. But, when I asked he said, "OH, nothing special."
He led me into the theater and all the lights were still on so we found some seats towards the front, near the aisle. He had me sit next to the aisle while he sat in the next seat. Then we waited. We talked, but nothing was said about what might happen.
The movie started to come on and the lights were turned down, but there was still enough light to see. As soon as the movie started, he texted something and then waited. I had no idea what may happen and as I looked around, I noticed there were not that many other people in the theater.
We watched a little bit of the movie before I got a text. It said, 'Stand up, step into the aisle and STRIP'
Oh wow, they really do want to expose me. Yes, it was a little dark but if I could still see others, they would notice me as I took all my clothes off. But, I did what I was told to do and stood up. Then I stepped into the aisle and started removing my clothes. I took off my blouse, put it in my seat, then took my skirt off. Next was my bra and panties and then my shoes. I was once again naked in public and my pussy was tingling.
I stood in the aisle waiting for instructions, but nothing came right away. Larry was holding his phone up, so he could do the video of me for my owners. I just stood, naked, hands at my sides and allowed anyone there to see my naked form.
I got another text which said, 'Put your hands on your head and turn around and show everyone. Keep turning until we say stop.'
Well, that is different, but I began to turn like they wanted. I guess with me standing there naked didn't get enough attention, so they will have me moving to get everyone's attention. I wondered how many people will be watching the movie now. Or will they just watch me.
I continued turning around, showing everyone both the front and back of my naked body and I couldn't cover up anything, since I had my hands-on top of my head now. My little tits poked out more and my nipples got so hard they almost hurt.
As I was turning, I wasn't paying attention to anything except all the people who could see my naked body. I loved how they were looking at me and my pussy was starting to drip and I was thinking about cumming, but knew I couldn't unless I had permission.
Then suddenly a bright light came on. I was in a spotlight as I was turning and my naked body was even more visible now. But, as I turned toward the front again, I glanced at the big screen and there I was. I was on the screen where a movie should be playing. Oh, my God, how can they do this to me.
Larry was laughing now and still videotaping my actions. I kept my hands on my head and kept turning in circles. But then, I got a new text.
'Sally, walk up front to the stage, there is a mat there. Lay on it, spread your legs and play with that cute little cunt for everyone. Remember no cumming unless you have permission. I had to do it or I would be punished and I didn't want to suck a cock, get spanked or the worse thing, get fucked in my ass.
So, with hands still on my head, I walked to the very front and up on the stage. As they said, there was a mat a right at the edge of the floor. I laid on it, spread my legs and then started rubbing my pussy for everyone.
I looked over my head at the screen and there I was, well at least my pussy was in full living color. Wow, what a trip that was. I played with myself, knowing I was being watched in person and on the big screen. Everyone in the theater was getting a very good view on my virgin cunt and that turned me on even more.
I then looked out into the theater, but all the lights were still out and I couldn't see anyone there. But, I could hear them talking about me. "wow, pretty cunt," 'so hot." "What a slut" "Want to fuck that".
I can't remember everything said, but it was all about me. I hated being called a slut, but right now, I felt like one. Who in their right mind would strip naked in public and play with their pussy. But, I was doing it and I needed to cum.
With my free hand, I dialed the number for the house. When it was answered, it was Steph. "Well hello Sally. What can I do for you?"
"Please Steph, may I cum?'
"Nope, sorry, but keep playing with it." She said.
Damn her. Now I had to ask someone else. So, I said, "May I talk to Ron?"
There was no reply. But then Ron said, "Sally what you are doing?"
"Playing with my pussy Ron. May I cum." I begged.
"Mmmm, I don't think so, but don't stop." He said.
Damn, now I have to get permission from someone. I asked if I could talk with Joan. She said yes before, but if she tells me no, then I won't be able to cum.
"Is Joan there?" I asked.
Joan got on the phone and even before I asked, she said, "NO Sally. I want to see how far you'll go."
Damn it. Now if I cum, I get punished somehow and they are going to make me pick the punishment. But I didn't stop playing with my pussy while lying on the stage and being up on the big screen.
I begged to anyone to help me. "Please, I need to cum. Please let me cum."
My phone rang and when I answered it, it was Steph. "What will you do if we let you cum Sally?
"OH, my God, Steph. What do you want from me. Just let me cum, please." I begged her.
"Sally, we will not let you cum this time. We want to punish you. So, if you cum, you know what happens." She told me, then hung up.
I couldn't hold back any longer and I started climaxing for everyone. I knew I was going to be made to do something, but I needed to cum so bad. I just kept rubbing my pussy and when I pinched my clit, I went over the edge and was squirting out my love juice all over the stage.
Now since I had an orgasm without permission, I was going to get punished. What will happen? I knew the options were, but I'm not sure I can handle any of them. But, I guess since I did cum without gaining permission, I would have to do something.
Which should I choose? Will it be allowing someone else to masturbate me with cumming? Or, will I suck a cock and hold the nasty cum I my mouth until I am told to swallow? Will I be naked and take another spanking? Or the worst yet, let a man stick his cock up my ass and fuck me until he cums? Or, will I say they can play with me in my classes, which may mean I would be exposed to my classmates and professors?
I am going to have to decide, but at least I feel better right now because I was able to cum, even if it was without permission.