Ambition was her game. Success was her goal.
That's why the boss approved $10,000 in funds so she could go on a calculated shopping spree. She bought new blouses, office skirts, and heels. It was the same designer brands she always wore, but this time showed more skin.
Her new office skirts were designed to show more of her shapely legs. Her new blouses dipped to reveal more chest and pert breasts. And her new heels were sky high and showed the full length of her calves. The result was something that was still professional, yet provocative.
These types of revealing outfits were never part of her arsenal of stylish clothes, but if there was ever a time to be provocative with her clothing, this was it. It wasn't just a matter of looking good or attracting attention. No, this was warfare against other big city law firms who were using these same tactics.
Rebecca was a secretary and she heard the rumors that other law firms were luring the best corporate clients using unconventional methods.
Now she was the secret weapon for her firm.
The Monday lunch meeting between Mr. Hugo and the important clients was the first time Rebecca ever joined. Officially, she was brought along for purposes of taking notes, providing financial figures, and performing other work-related duties while they ate.
All the while, she sat there with her low-cut top and her hair tied in a slightly messy bun. While the men ate their overpriced gourmet food they occasionally took glances at Rebecca, how sexy and overwhelmingly irresistible she looked in that outfit.
Mr. Hugo wiped his mouth with a napkin. "If you'll excuse me, I need to use the restroom. I'll be back in a moment."
That was the cue as he left, leaving Rebecca alone with Mr. Glassman, the rich middle-aged client who had an air of arrogance. She pushed her plate and notepad aside, putting her elbows on the table and leaning in so that the cleavage from her breasts would show.
"I know you're thinking of leaving," she said in a low voice. "I think that would be a terrible mistake."
"Excuse me?"
"You heard me just fine, Mr. Glassman. Leaving this firm is a bad idea. We have the best lawyers. We can provide the best representation for you. Losses are to be expected and should not cause someone to deviate from the overall plan. As a businessman, you should understand that."
"I'm exploring my options," he admitted. "This is a great firm, I concede that, but I've also received other offers. Offers which may be more beneficial to me."
Rebecca gracefully flexed her shoulders together, which further pushed her breasts out of her blouse.
"Like I said, big mistake," she told him. "Whatever the other firms are offering you to sweeten the deal, we can always make our deal even sweeter."
Mr. Glassman's eyes widened. "Did he put you up to this?"
"Make no mistake about it, Mr. Glassman, I'm my own woman. I may be a secretary, but nobody is in charge of me. More importantly, nobody is in charge of my sexuality. I do as I please."
He suddenly became thirsty. "And if I decide to retain this law firm for future services?"
"Then you'll be a happy man. Not just when you need us, but all year round, if you catch my drift."
"Tell me," he said with a nearly shaking voice.
Rebecca used her finger to signal for him to come closer. He leaned in and she leaned in too. She brought her lips to his ear, whispering something so soft and sweet.
When it was said, Mr. Glassman leaned back and filled his glass with more wine, taking a big gulp.
Suddenly, watching his reaction, a thought came to Rebecca's mind. A big thought. Big ideas. She knew she had Mr. Glassman right where she wanted him. This was a golden opportunity and the business side of Rebecca came to life. Not wanting to waste an opportunity, she went for it.
"And that's just for starters," she smiled.
"Oh?"
"I know that you're an influential man with many friends. Right now, there's a bit of a shakeup in the legal world in this city. If you bring us more clients, we'll sweeten the pot even further."
"You want me to convince my friends and my business partners to retain your firm?"
She nodded confidently. "Yes, you know that our firm has great legal minds and prestige. If you bring more clients to us we can expand, hire more attorneys, and form a great partnership."
"In exchange for?"
"Services," she answered.
"Services?"
"Yes, all year round. Our office is nearby. If you're ever feeling stressed and in need of legal counseling, our firm will be the place to be. I think you knowexactlywhat I'm talking about. Just think of how popular this will make you amongst your rich friends."
He drank more wine, gulping it down. "Sounds enticing. I'll have to think about it. But I do like your proposal. I like your initiative."
"I've always been ambitious."
"An ambitious woman is always attractive," he smiled. "Brains, beauty, and a strong will. I like it."
That was when Mr. Hugo returned from his 'bathroom break' and sat down at the table with them. The conversation switched to a much lighter note and her boss picked up the bill.
When it was time to leave Rebecca couldn't help but notice that Mr. Glassman had to adjust the front of his pants several times and that he walked with a slight hitch. That brought a smile to Rebecca's lips.
***
Days later, Rebecca was summoned to Mr. Hugo's office and was pleased to see that he was in an abnormally good mood. She sat in front of his desk in a prim and proper manner and he looked at her, unable to wipe the smile off his face.
"I must say, whatever you did, it worked."
Rebecca smiled, "I take it Mr. Glassman will be sticking around?"
"Along with a few new clients-- potential clients, that is."
"I'm good with men. They're easy to figure out."
"Which is why I'd like to discuss a substantial bonus, along with new terms of your employment."
Now things were getting interesting. Rebecca knew this was her chance to assert herself and have a bigger role in the firm. She certainly wasn't going to blow her opportunity (figuratively speaking, anyway).
"What's on your mind?" she asked in a cheeky tone.
"Ten grand, flat. Just for you and that's for starters. More if you can help us close deals. As in, work your magic and charm."
"In that case, I have additional terms of my own," she said in a business-like tone that caught her boss off guard.
"Okay, I'm listening."
Rebecca asserted herself further. "I also want a small percentage of the upcoming retainer fees for my contributions. Also for brokering the deals. Not a lot. I'm not greedy but I want to be fairly compensated for my new duties."
"Done. What exactly did you tell Mr. Glassman? He practically gushed over you when I spoke to him on the phone."
"Honestly? I said that anytime he comes to you for legal advice, I'll give him a free blowjob in the bathroom."
He laughed, "Is that so? Will you actually do it?"
"I'm a woman of my word. If I say I'll do something, I do it."
"I can attest to that."
"So do we have a deal?"
"I'll need to discuss this with other partners," he said. "But there's just one other thing."
"Which is?"
"You're right about what other law firms are doing. What our competitors are doing. They're using unorthodox tactics to lure big clients. You know what that entails."
Rebecca certainly did. She had friends in other firms; lawyers, paralegals, and fellow secretaries. She knew what the other firms were doing. They were using sex inside the offices as means to entice business but they don't use blatant words, like orgies, gangbangs, or even sex. They gave it fancy names, like 'legal relief' or 'counseling services,' or 'administrative perks for VIP members.'
To keep this firm competitive, Rebecca knew what she had to do. A woman with her ambitions was unstoppable, and there was no way she was going to let her colleagues down.
"I'll have to up my game then," she said.
"And you'll be rewarded for it," he smiled. "I'll be meeting with the other Partners later today to discuss your proposal. If everything goes well, and I suspect it will, then I'll personally draft a new contract for you. Your role as secretary will be expanded and you'll be compensated for your efforts. Sound good?"
"Sounds great. Thank you, Mr. Hugo."
***
She was out with some friends that night; having fun, being single women and enjoying life. They laughed and shared stories about their day. It was the perfect night out and they released the stress of their busy careers over dinner.
Rebecca's phone buzzed from a text, telling her to check her email. Normally, this could wait when she was out with the girls, but there was no way she could postpone a message from her boss.
She excused herself from the table while the group of girls were still busy laughing and eating. Then she went outside to check her email:
Becky,
Good news. After lengthy discussions and deliberation, we have decided to accept the terms of your proposal. We will begin making gradual changes to our firm to compete with today's marketplace.
I've attached a new contract for you. You'll still be my secretary but with expanded duties and responsibilities. I trust you'll enjoy the financial incentives as well.
Similar agreements are being made to other secretaries, so you won't be alone in your newfound duties. You'll be compensated the most, of course, since your contributions are greater.
Look this over, then we'll discuss it tomorrow.
Your boss
After reading the message, she tapped the screen of her phone to open the attached pdf file. Standing on the sidewalk in front of the fancy restaurant she read the terms of the contract.
Everything was outlined clearly so that there would be no mistake about money or services expected. Most of the details came with the expected services. Everything she was expected to do. Her new work environment. Her new duties along with her secretary job. It was all laid out, waiting for her signature on the bottom of the page.
Could she go through with this? Competition in this city is fierce and she was the fiercest of them all.
With a smile on her face, she put the phone away and returned to her girlfriends at the dining table.
***
She arrived at work with her usual zeal and upbeat attitude. She had long been a people-person, but she entered her boss's office with a business-like demeanor, instead of a secretary awaiting orders to please her superior.
In the past two weeks, Rebecca had sat in front of her boss's desk so many times that she was getting used to it. Usually, it would never have crossed her mind to sit there, since that seat was reserved for other businessmen.
"I trust that you've thoroughly reviewed the terms of your new deal," he said.
"I have."
"And?"
"I like it," she replied firmly. "Honestly, fuck our competitors. Fuck anyone trying to steal our business. I'll do whatever it takes to keep us on top and I'll do everything with a smile on my face."
Mr. Hugo flashed a big grin. "God, I wish I could double your pay, right now."
"No one's stopping you."
"The other Partners may disagree with that. If our entire team had your attitude, we'd be the top law firm in the world. No question about it."
She sharpened her eyes. "Then let's make it happen. I believe we're on the right track, aren't we?"
"We are. Speaking of which, the contract."
Mr. Hugo opened a drawer and placed the two-page document on the table, which covered the new duties, pay structure, and a series of confidentiality agreements. He placed a ballpoint pen on top of the papers.
He added, "The other girls have been approached about this as well. They're seriously considering it. Right now, we want to be very careful not to push things too fast, which is why we aren't asking anyone to sign right away."
"That makes sense."
"But we would like a trial run," he said. "We want each of our secretaries to give this a try before affirming the new deals. It's smart business."
"I agree."
He gave a long pause. "Well..."
"You want me to get started?" she asked, her eyebrows arched.
"This was your idea. And the mark of a good leader is to lead by example. The ball is in your court now, Becky."
She kept her chin held high and proud. "That shouldn't be a problem."
With that said, Rebecca rose gracefully. Her thin office jacket was easily removed and placed on top of the chair. She casually unbuttoned her blouse while her eyes never wavered from her boss. Once her fingers completed the task, she placed her blouse on the same chair standing in her lacy black bra.
She bent down to remove each heel from her foot. She then lifted her skirt slightly to reveal thigh-high stockings and began to slowly roll them down each leg, maintaining eye contact the whole time. When she was done she was standing barefoot on the office carpet.
Now it was time to get more risque with the undressing process. Her eyes were unrelenting, looking directly at her boss as she undid her office skirt. Rebecca stood in nothing but her black bra and panties.
"You're a confident woman," Mr. Hugo said.
"I've come to learn that confidence is the key to success. Nothing ever comes easy to me in life."
"Then proceed to the next step."
Rebecca smiled and reached back to unclasp her bra, letting it fall to her forearms, then placed it on the chair. She slid her fingers into the edges of her panties and slowly moved them down her legs, placing them on the seat when they were free.
What was left was the image of a naked goddess. Her beauty was flawless. She was like a Greek sculpture come to life. Her diet and exercise routine were highly disciplined. It was also her genes. Slender arms. Long toned legs. A flat abdomen. Hourglass hips and thighs. Perky breasts which curved upwards and coalesced into perfect pointy brown nipples. Her pussy was freshly shaved that morning in anticipation for this very moment.
She knew her body was a hot commodity. She knew damn well the effect her body had on men (and women too). This was her true power.
There were a few seconds of pure silence as Mr. Hugo was speechless, something that rarely happened. In many ways, leaving an accomplished trial lawyer speechless was the ultimate compliment.
"Well?" she asked, eyebrow raised, with one hand leaning on the chair to create a dramatic artistic pose. "What do you think, boss?"
"I wish I could make you a managing partner. That's what I think."
She smiled, "I'm happy being a secretary, plus law school isn't my thing. Neither is going to court to speak with a judge."
"If you went to court like this, you would be undefeated."
"I know."
"Okay, you've proven yourself. I'll notify the other Partners about your... willingness... and attributes."
"Are you saying I should get dressed?" she asked, raising a single eyebrow.
"You've already proven that you have the guts."
"It wouldn't be a very good test run if I got dressed now. As a law firm, we have big changes ahead of us. We're a team and we need to get used to the fact that things will be much different around here. Out with the old. In with the new."
He gulped, "I'd like some coffee."
"Coming right up, sir."
The naked and barefoot secretary turned around and left through the office door, leaving Mr. Hugo at a complete loss for words. His expression read,'Is this really fucking happening?'And of course, it was. Rebecca was a woman of her word. She doesn't play around when it comes to her career advancements.
A few minutes later, a naked Rebecca returned with a steamy cup of coffee, along with a smile on her face.
"For you," she said happily, placing the cup of coffee on his desk. "Cream and sugar. Just the way you like it."
"My god, you're going to help make this firm a lot of money."
She winked, "I know. Is there anything else?"
"I think we're good, for now."
"Let me know if there's anything else I can do."
Rebecca turned away, revealing her bare ass to her boss as she proceeded to leave the office.
"Aren't you going to take your clothes with you?" he asked.
"I'll pick it up when it's time to leave. I hope you don't mind."
She gave him a quick wink and left the office.
***
At her desk, Rebecca continued her secretarial work. Naked. That meant, answering the phone, making appointments, and making sure that all of her boss's professional affairs were in order.
If she were honest with herself, being naked like that was bizarre. Feeling her bare butt on the seat cushion. Her back against the seat. Her bare feet on the floor. Most of all, seeing her nipples as she looked down at the desk while doing paperwork.
And then there were thelooks.Men passing by would gaze, stare, and lurk at Rebecca's nudity. Mostly it was out of shock. A naked girl, in the office, doing secretarial work? It was too good to be true. Yet it was reality. The men loved it and were excited that this would be their new environment.
The women, on the other hand, had a much different response. They looked at Rebecca in anticipation. It would soon be their turn. They wondered if they could actually go through with it. Plenty of nerves. Plenty of excitement. It would certainly be sexually adventurous, plus the massive pay increases left them all thanking Rebecca for the extra income.
As the duties proceeded, Rebecca had an epiphany. This wasn't simply about money, her job, her career advancements. There was more to it. This was also about her own sexual stimulation. She was loving this. She got off on the freedom of being naked in her work space. The voyeur and exhibitionist aspects of people watching her naked made her drenched between the legs.
This was something she could get used to and, with the new business-model the firm was implementing, there'd be plenty of time to get used to it.
***
One night she returned to her apartment after a long, stressful day at work. Kicking off her heels, she went to her bedroom and removed her clothes, placing everything neatly in her closet. It almost made her giggle to think that she spent all this money on designer clothes, but now, she only wore those clothes to get to-and-from work. Once she got to her desk, it was nothing but nudity.
Her phone buzzed. While standing in her undergarments, she checked to see that it was her boss. It was slightly strange because he rarely ever called her outside of work hours.
"Hello, Mr. Hugo," she answered.
"Evening. Are you at home?"
"I just got back. Is everything alright?"
"More than alright," he replied. "I just finished a spa routine with a few other Managing Partners."
This made her excited. "And?"
"They love the new atmosphere so far."
"Really?" she smiled to herself.
"The talk in the firm is that the atmosphere is more relaxed. Most big firms are high-stress environments, especially amid big litigations, but you've managed to curb all that. Apparently there's less stress, less infighting, and less drama. All thanks to you."
"My pleasure, sir."
There was a brief pause on the line. "Speaking of pleasure, well, I probably shouldn't be telling you this."
"It's alright, sir, you can tell me anything."
"Well, apparently a number of male attorneys and staff have been pleasuring themselves in the bathroom thinking about you. It's not something they do gratuitously but the mere sight of you does powerful things to a man and no self-respecting legal professional would walk around the law firm sporting a hard-on. So they have to take care of it in the bathroom. When they finish, they feel refreshed and reinvigorated."
Hearing this made Rebecca's pussy clench, hard.
"I'm glad to hear it," she said.
"That doesn't bother you at all? If it does, we can make some changes around the office."
"Mr. Hugo, if a few guys need to pleasure themselves at my expense, so be it. I'm all for it, so long as the result is something positive. And it certainly sounds like positive things are happening."
"You're the best. I don't know what I'd do without you."
"Let's hope that day never comes," she answered. "I'm committed to this firm."
"We'll continue this discussion in my office tomorrow. Believe me, if everything goes well, your head will spin with how much you'll be compensated."
They exchanged a few more words of small talk and said their goodbyes for the evening. She tossed her phone on the bed and laid down, still in her undergarments.
Something about that conversation made her unbelievably horny. The thought of all those people at her firm -- who look at her everyday, who walk past her everyday, who say 'hi' to her everyday -- all masturbating to the sight of her body was a real thrill. A thrill which couldn't be controlled any longer.
Her hand slipped beneath her panties and she pleasured herself. She rubbed her pussy in a circular motion thinking of all the looks and glances she received. Most of all, she imagined those guys jerking off in the bathroom as a result. What dirty thoughts those guys must have been thinking.
***
The game plan was set and the wheels were in motion. All those days of working naked, being admired, being gawked at and being lusted after had all come down to this.
Potential new clients had come to the law firm for a big meeting with all the managing partners. The elevator door opened and Rebecca was waiting to greet them, naked as can be.
"Good morning gentlemen," she smiled, standing bold, with her chest forward, tits out, and back straight.
The men, naturally, were pleased with the sight before them. Naked Rebecca was something to behold, especially when she was in full-on secretary mode. Even while the group of men were in business-mode, ready to close an important deal, it was evident that their carnal desires were coming to the surface at the very thought of visiting the firm more often.
She offered coffee and refreshments but they declined. After the brief greeting, Rebecca led the men down the hall, through the law firm, where they all got to see the other secretaries dutifully handling their work.
The other secretaries came in all shapes and sizes. Some were plump, others looked skinny, some were in between. Some were young, some were mature, but the one thing they all had in common was that they were all naked, doing their jobs. The women answered phones, filed papers, scheduled appointments, all while completely unclothed, as if they were in some sort of nudist resort.
The casualness of the naked secretaries and the reactions from the businessmen made Rebecca smile. Her plan was coming to fruition. This was what all her hard work had led to. Now all that was left was for the law firm to close the deals with these men.
"Gentleman, right this way," she said, opening a glass door. "The Partners of the firm are waiting."
She was as polite as possible. The businessmen entered the conference room where they all shook hands with the Managing Partners of the law firm. Before they entered, the businessmen each managed to take an extra glance at Rebecca's nudity.
***
When the door to the conference room closed, Rebecca felt a twinge of excitement for what was soon to come if everything went well.
But until then, she had work to do. She went back to her desk where she tended to her daily duties. There were a few appointments she had to book for her boss and a few other calls she had to make.
She hardly noticed that an hour had passed, and through the corner of her eye, she noticed that the meeting was over. She looked down the hall, through the glass window of the conference room, to see that the meeting had ended and the group of men were shaking hands.
This happened while she was still on the phone with one of Mr. Hugo's clients, scheduling a meeting between them. Rebecca maintained her composure in speaking with the client, all while feeling a rush of excitement between her legs, knowing that the huge deal in the firm was a success.
While she still spoke on the phone, Mr. Glassman was the first to exit the conference room and he approached her secretarial desk. He waited there for a moment with a beaming expression on his face.
The phone call ended and Rebecca looked up at the man, who was brazenly admiring her nudity.
"I can see that the meeting went well," she smiled up at him, striking a perfect posture from where she sat.
He affirmed, "It wentverywell. Nothing signed, yet. We only have a tentative agreement to retain this firm."
"So we're on the right track so far but I have a feeling that the deal will be closed shortly."
"Yeah, and why is that?"
"Because you like seeing me," she answered confidently. "Like this, bare body and all. It's one of the many perks we have here, in addition to the extraordinary legal talents that the firm provides."
"I'm inclined to agree. In fact, I do hope that we get to see each other much more often."
"That's a good thing," she asserted. "At this law firm, we value our clients and strive to satisfy their every need. Legal needs, of course."
"The satisfaction is only for the 'legal needs' of your clients?" he asked with a curious eyebrow raised. "What about other needs?"
Rebecca amped up her charm. She adjusted her seat so that her body faced Mr. Glassman, tits pointed towards him, and her legs were crossed to prevent her pussy from being fully exposed. The big moment that would take this law firm to the next level was at hand.
"Yes, only the legal needs of our clients, but you have to understand, a 'legal need' is broadly defined. I mean -- my goodness -- the stress of having legal troubles, the threat of lawsuits, actually going through tense litigation, it can get so overwhelming."
"Yes it can."
"And, I hate to mention this, but I'm privy to the numbers that were being negotiated this morning. I can imagine that you'll be paying some fairly steep fees to retain this law firm."
He nodded, "That would be an accurate statement."
"But then again, what's the cost of good legal representation? All of the top law firms in this city are expensive. So are we, but we know how to ease things in. We know how to simplify the process for the clients so that legal matters aren't stressful at all. In fact, coming here can be quite pleasurable."
He gulped. "How?"
"Should I tell you? Or should I show you?"
Mr. Glassman's hands clenched. "Can we do it in the bathroom, like how you talked about weeks ago?"
"Honestly? Screw the bathroom."
She uncrossed her legs to momentarily reveal her cunt lips, then she stood up and approached him.
"What?"
"You heard me," she said, approaching him so they were face-to-face. "I said screw the bathroom. In this law firm, attorney/client privilege is a sacred thing. And that principle extends to the entire firm. We don't keep secrets from each other and we're very, very, discreet. Not a word of this will ever get out."
"Are you sure?" he asked, his mouth turning dry.
"You're speaking to a naked secretary, of course I'm sure," she said, her hand reaching down to grab the front of his pants. "Oh my, hard already."
"Yes, it is."
"It feels like all these negotiations have given you stress. Your body needs stress relief. Would you mind if I took care of that for you? Would you mind if I sucked it, right here for everyone to see?"
He gulped hard. "Please."
With their faces inches apart, and his back against the wall, Rebecca reached down and undid his pants. Their eyes remained locked during the process.
Once the cock was freed, she dropped to her knees and went to work. This wasn't listed on her job application, and it wasn't something she had planned when she interviewed for the job, but now, she had made this her duty.
She sucked and slurped on the ever-growing cock, feeling it pulse inside of her mouth. Giving oral sex was somewhat of a specialty of hers. She had been complimented on it all her adult life. Now, by her work desk, she was executing her skills to full effect, sucking as hard as she could, bobbing her head while stroking the shaft with her right hand.
"Oh god," the man gasped breathlessly.
It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that Mr. Glassman was close to an orgasm. In all likelihood, it had been a long time since he had his cock sucked like this, by a real pro with a passion for cocksucking. Maybe he'd never felt anything like this before. After all, the man was a square, a total bore. Of course this would be new to him.
"I'm going to cum," he weakly stated, as if to warn her. "It's going to happen, oh my..."
She looked him dead in the eyes while she continued her skilled technique, as if to tell him that it was perfectly okay. Signaling to him, while she sucked, that she was perfectly fine with swallowing.
The man grunted loudly and his whole body jerked, with his back arching against the wall. His cock shot a powerful load of cum inside Rebecca's mouth, who swallowed everything while she stroked him to full completion.
When the job was done, Mr. Glassman was reduced to a weak, feeble, pathetic looking man, writhing while he was hunched over. His lower back leaned against the wall. It was a sight that made Rebecca feel like she had accomplished something because she had turned a powerful businessman into an unwitting submissive. His confident demeanor had been sucked away by Rebecca's mouth, turning him into just another guy in a suit.
She licked her lips clean, "So, Mr. Glassman, do you feel any better?"
"Yes," he moaned, standing upright, looking slightly embarrassed as he began to zip his pants.
"That was only a sample of the services we provide here. Not only will we solve your legal woes but we'll make you feel good while doing it."
He gave a shy smile, "Consider me a new client here. I hope we'll be doing this again."
There was an embarrassed look on his face as he tucked his wet, flaccid penis away. He surveyed the office and his face turned beet red. That was the moment when he whisked himself away and headed straight to the bathroom.
Rebecca was still on her knees when she looked and fully understood why Mr. Glassman had become so embarrassed. The employees of the law firm had been watching them. Lawyers, clerks, secretaries, and interns had all stopped what they were doing to watch Rebecca give the man a blowjob.
A few people were even talking on the phone while watching. Others had their papers in their hands, frozen as they stared. It was like time stood still, which was a fair outcome, because brazen sex acts in the office were universally frowned upon (until now, in this law firm, that is).
The only person on that floor who didn't seem phased was Rebecca. She relished the feeling. Her mind was prepared for this and it was for a specific reason too. Mr. Glassman was now a client of the firm, along with the millions in his bank account. He even brought his friends too, who were on the verge of also retaining the law firm.
Rebecca felt a powerful sense of arousal. She was an exhibitionist at heart. This was one of her big fantasies and she was living it. But unlike her fantasy, she didn't have to be discreet about it. She didn't have to hide it. She didn't have to fear losing her job if she got caught.
Instead, she'd be getting a big promotion and a nice percentage of the revenue. It was a win-win situation and something she should be commended for.
She licked her lips and got back to her feet. There were still plenty of things to be handled on her desk. As she sat down, ready to go through some papers, a man approached her. He was much younger than Mr. Glassman, early 30's perhaps, with a youthful demeanor about him. It was another prospective client that came earlier that morning with the group.
"That was some show," he said. "Hi, I'm Nathan."
She smiled and shook his hand. "Pleasure to meet you. I'm Rebecca, or you can call me Becky. Whichever you'd like."
The man's eyes roamed her naked body, seeing her figure up close, and there was no doubt that he was aroused after having just watched her suck a guy's cock.
"I feel awkward even asking this, but..."
"Don't be shy, Nathan."
He mustered his courage. "Do you provide that service to everyone?"
"I'm not a slut or whore," she said bluntly.
The man suddenly looked timid. "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to insinuate that. I better go. Sorry again if I offended you."
She continued, "You have to let me finish my thought."
"Oh?"
"I'm a secretary here for Mr. Hugo. I handle his secretarial duties, and more recently, I handle client relations. In other words, I keep people happy. So, Nathan, are you a client here?"
His throat went dry. "I just got out of that meeting. We have a tentative agreement and things are looking like they..."
"Are you a client or not?" she asked again, this time with more seduction in her voice.
"Yes, I am. I'll sign before I leave."
"Well then, client, would you like a little bonus? My treat."
He quickly looked around the office, seeing that people were returning to their normal course of business because they didn't want to be rude, standing around watching them.
"Here? Now?"
"Isn't that what you want?" she asked. "You came to me. Must be for a reason."
"Fine. I came here because I saw you and I wanted the same thing."
She made a gesture with her finger, signaling for Nathan to come closer to where she was sitting. He did, apprehensively standing in front of her.
With pure ease, she undid Nathan's pants and freed his cock, which was already hard at that point. Not giving a damn that people may be watching, she took the length of the shaft inside her mouth and started sucking, making the man gasp. She always loved hearing the sound a man makes during the initial contact with her mouth and tongue. It always added fuel to her fire.
Her mouth savored the cock. She was determined to make him feel so good that he had to return. Her lips were wrapped tightly around his shaft and her tongue gave the occasional swirl around the head of his cock.
As she sucked, through the corner of her eye, she saw another man standing there, holding some papers. He was middle-aged, sharply dressed, and waited patiently by her desk. She continued bobbing her head on the cock a few more times before she finally addressed the other guy, spitting the cock out of her mouth.
"May I help you?" she asked the man politely, while stroking Nathan's cock in her hand.
"I'll wait my turn," he answered sheepishly. "I've just signed a deal to retain this firm and have Mr. Hugo as my new attorney. As his client, he's advised me to seek your services as a gift."
While Rebecca sat there stroking the saliva covered dick, a realization came to mind. She looked around the office and noticed that other businessmen sought the services of other secretaries. Slowly but surely, the office floor was transforming from a place of professionalism, to a place where professionalism also meant sexual services.
A few other naked secretaries began giving oral favors to the new clients. It was an erotic sight as the typically meek secretaries were brazen in sucking cock by their desks. Rebecca knew them all well. They became friends for however long they had all worked together. They would often all go out to lunch together. They'd discuss normal things, like their dating lives, the struggles of living in the city, and of course their jobs working in a high-stress environment.
Now it came to this; all of them with cocks in their hands or mouths.
Rebecca looked at the new guy. "Unzip. Come join us."
"But you're busy," he noted, stunned. "I can wait my turn."
"There's nothing to be afraid of. By the looks of things, we're going to have a busy morning and this is the only way to alleviate the workload and save time. Otherwise, there would be a huge backlog on everyone's schedules. Time is money, isn't it?"
He put his finger on his zipper. "Yes, it is."
And with that, the new guy stood on the other side of Rebecca's face and freed his semi-hard cock.
Now she had two cocks to deal with. She stroked both of them, making sure to be fair and balanced with her handjobs, but of course, the two business men weren't there for handjobs. They could do that themselves. What they wanted was to be sucked off by a beautiful secretary and she obliged their carnal needs.
She went back to sucking, taking turns using her mouth on both of them. She tried being as impartial as possible with her time. She also tried to be equal with what she did for each of them. She counted the number of times she bobbed her head for each guy. She made sure to suck with the same amount of pressure. She even made sure to swirl her tongue the same amount for each guy. Even her hand stroking was in sync. As a secretary, being able to multitask was of the utmost importance and she put that trait to good use here.
The men grunted and groaned, making brief comments in between:
"Look at this place."
"What an unbelievable mouth."
"I think I need to sue somebody so I can come back more often."
"If this is the kind of stress-relief they provide here, I hope somebody sues me so I can get more relief."
"I think I'm going to cum."
"Me too."
Rebecca noted their comments and felt their tenseness. She tugged on their cocks to pull them closer together. She stroked them furiously while she looked up at them from her sitting position. Her mouth wide open and her tongue was sticking out like a thirsty puppy. Her hands were relentless.
Finally, the men came with glorious orgasms. The hard work had paid off in the form of their ejaculation, shooting in her mouth and down her throat. She had never done two guys before at the same time but she managed to make the process as effortless as possible. More importantly, she didn't want to make a mess. Not on her face, which would ruin her makeup, and definitely not on the carpet.
When the men were stroked until they had nothing left, Rebecca took a moment to keep her tongue out, showing the pool of cum in her mouth. It was something she knew that men loved seeing. It was sort of an ego thing for them, knowing that their cum was in a woman's mouth, and everyone knows that rich men have big egos.
After giving the brief display, she closed her lips and took a big gulp, swallowing every drop.
"Do you two feel better now?" she asked with a smile, cum in her breath.
The men were both ecstatic and worn-out at the same time. They thanked Rebecca for the service and Rebecca thanked the men for their business. They shook hands with Rebecca like professionals and the men headed towards the elevator to continue their busy day.
Before Rebecca could turn her attention back to her own secretarial work, another man approached her. He carried a small stack of papers and there was a confident look on his face.
"A new client, I see."
"Correct," he said. "I'm in the midst of a big lawsuit. I'm suing a rival corporation for millions and my last attorney was incompetent. Your boss, Mr. Hugo, has convinced me to transfer the case to this firm."
She flashed a smile, "Sounds like you're a VIP member."
"They have that here?" he asked, playing along. "I guess I must be, given the size of the lawsuit I'm dealing with."
"Excellent. That means you're entitled to additional benefits."
"I like the sound of that. What does it entail?"
"Allow me to show you, sir."
Rebecca stood and pushed some documents aside on her desk, parting the papers down the middle to create space. She bent over her desk, laying her chest, stomach, and tits down on the table. She spread her legs. Then she reached back to spread herself further.
"The more I learn about this law firm, the more I like it," he said, tossing his contract down on the table, undoing his pants, and getting behind the naked secretary.
In an instant, her body was penetrated. It had been a while since she'd been fucked. This was a welcomed feeling. Her cunt was filled with the man's cock. A man she barely knew aside from professional reputation. The important thing was, he was a client. A client in the midst of a major case that he brought to this firm. And that made him a VIP in Rebecca's mind.
Her body rocked back and forth as she was being fucked. The cock going in and out of her pussy. It felt amazing. Sensational. All that arousal from being naked all morning, from sucking three cocks, all needed to be soothed, and that soothing came in the form of this guy fucking her from behind on her own desk.
Rebecca's eyes looked around the office as she was being pounded. It was full-blown corporate debauchery at its finest. Each secretary was dealing with at least one cock. Some had two. It was still limited to oral sex. None of the secretaries knew the rules until Rebecca did it first. In many ways, Rebecca was the standard-bearer for this. She revolutionized the firm. For the better? Maybe. Maybe not. Whatever the case, it felt good and it was going to make them a lot of money.
Heads turned as people saw Rebecca being pounded. And for Rebecca, it was the ultimate exhibitionist thrill for workplace sex. No need to hide. No need for secrecy. No fear of losing her job. Thiswasher job. Sex for the good of the firm was a fantasy come to life.
As she was being fucked from behind, she felt another pair of hands caressing her back. She propped herself up, resting on her forearms, and the next guy began rubbing her tits and big nipples.
"Can I have the next turn?" the next guy asked, still caressing her breasts.
"Yes... yes... of course..." Rebecca panted while getting fucked.
The guy fucking Rebecca grunted, pulled out, and jerked-off so that he came all over her lower back. She couldn't see it, but she could feel that it was a messy load.
"Thank you so much," the man who just fucked her said in a huff, giving her butt a nice pat.
"Anytime," she responded with a wink.
With that, the guy left. Now it was the next guy's turn, as he undid his pants to reveal a raging hard cock.
"It's been a while," he blushed at his hardness.
"It's okay. I love hard cock."
"Can we face each other?"
"Sure," she replied.
The new guy helped Rebecca turn around, lifted her with his strength, then placed her on her back. Once Rebecca's back touched her desk, she felt an instant sense of regret, because the messy load of cum that was on her back was now all over her desk. Oh well, she thought. She could always buy a desk mat. One that would be comfortable to get fucked on, since now, her back would have to endure brunt force.
They looked each other in the eyes while her pussy was ravished for the second time. She'd never been fucked back-to-back before, so this was a new thing for her. Thank goodness for all the yoga she did, which she credited for allowing her body to handle the stress of constant sex. The yoga stretches also allowed her to wrap her legs over the guy's shoulders as he fucked her. It was something she knew drove men wild during sex.
After minutes of hard thrusts, the man grunted, beads of sweat on his forehead and he announced he was going to cum.
"On my stomach," she panted. "Do it on my stomach."
The man gave a furious grunt, pulled his cock out, and jerked himself until he shot several hot loads on her stomach.
When it was done, it was the same 'bye, see you again,' routine that Rebecca had done with the other new clients. They'd be back. Of course they'd be back. Why wouldn't they? They're paying a lot of money for legal services, so why not enjoy the additional perks the firm had to offer?
When the man left, Rebecca was temporarily without a partner. She observed the new sexually charged atmosphere of the prestigious law firm. She didn't bother to wipe the cum from her back, or on her stomach. Instead, she wore the cum as a badge of honor.
Her boss, Mr. Hugo, stood idle as he watched the firm with a pleased expression on his face. All these new clients. These rich clients. Beautiful women. Naked women. All having sex. It was a unique thing and a financial boon for the law firm.
Secretaries were now sucking multiple cocks. A few were bent over their desks getting brazenly screwed by men in suits.
"What do you think?" she asked her boss, resting her elbow on his shoulder to lean on him.
"I think you're an angel and a genius."
"Thank you, sir. What's next on the agenda?"
He thought for a moment. "Long term, we'll see. For now, I need to make a few phone calls. I was supposed to call back another client for a court appearance next week."
"Would you like me to help?"
"No thanks, I can do this myself."
She smiled, "I meant under the table. Would you like a blowjob while you speak to your client? It's the least I can do, given my new contract."
"I thought you'd never ask."
The secretary and her boss locked arms, walked to the private office, closing the door behind them. The law firm had turned into a full blown orgy. Rebecca got underneath her boss's desk as he made the call and she took the cock in her mouth as the boss spoke on the phone.
The End
Special thanks to Intrigued11 and Nijntje (aka Myfanwy) for their amazing talents.
Your votes & comments are appreciated.