Simon was moved in to his new home, at last. The day had been a nightmare: the van he booked was cancelled, he had gotten lost on the way, and he still wasn't sure where essentials like underwear or his toothbrush were amongst all the boxes. But, everything was in his new house, and there was a chair and a bed for him to sit and to sleep. All he had the energy to do was put sheets on the bed, and pass out.
The next morning, he began the unpacking. Within a couple of hours, he was sweating and his t-shirt was nearly soaked through. He was also hungry. The only food he had brought was a packet of biscuits, which had lasted barely an hour. He decided that rather than shopping, he'd introduce himself to his neighbours. He walked outside and down the street to the house next door. As he approached, he looked through the window and saw movement behind the slatted blinds.
Suddenly he realised: it was a woman masturbating. She was sitting on her sofa, wearing a dressing gown that was open to display her entire naked body. She was in her fifties, and Simon couldn't stop himself staring at her. She was curvy but clearly fit, and each time she humped against her hand he felt his cock harden. She had a tattoo on her thigh but he couldn't make out what it was. Simon was only twenty-three: he had never been with a woman any older than he was. She had her eyes closed, and Simon couldn't resist watching her fuck herself and grope her tits. He suddenly realised that he had walked all the way to the front door and would be obvious the moment she opened her eyes. He tore his eyes away and knocked loudly. He resisted turning to see the reaction he drew, and waited nervously.
She opened the door wearing only the robe and looking slightly flushed. She smiled at him. "Hi" he managed, "My name is Simon and I've just moved in next door. I'm wondering if I could borrow some bread or something, just until I get unpacked?"
"Hi Simon, I'm Lauren, number eleven I guess? Of course you can, in fact I've got some leftovers if you'd like to eat, do you like bolognese? Come on in." Simon didn't need asked twice, and followed her inside. She lead him to the kitchen and started microwaving some spaghetti. "Where have you moved from?" she asked, and they both started chatting about their lives. Lauren had lived here for over twenty years with her husband. Simon felt guilty at having watched a married woman fuck herself. But if she realised she'd been caught, she didn't show it. Eventually they both sat down at the table to a plate of food. Simon ate it as fast as he could, now starving.
When he looked up from his meal, he realised Lauren was sitting back in her chair, with her gown now half open and her tits completely out. She smiled at his shock, and casually teased her nipples. Simon could only stare at her, his cock getting hard again. She stood up, letting her gown fall open, and walked over, taking his plate away. "My husband is out at work all day during the week, you know." Simon couldn't even reply and she casually put the dishes in the sink and turned back to him.
"You can look, but not touch. Well, not touch me." she giggled and Simon realised she was starting at the bulge of his cock, clearly visible through his sweat pants. He watched in disbelief as she started rubbing her cunt again, this time walking towards him until she was barely a metre from him. She started moaning his name and fucking herself fast with two fingers, and Simon started rubbing his cock through the sweat pants. He had never been so turned on.
He realised what he wanted to see, and managed to speak, surprising himself with how commanding his voice sounded. "Turn around and bend over." Lauren seemed surprised, but she shook off the gown and did as she was told. She spread her asshole and pussy and started fingering even faster. He had his cock out now and jerked off, getting closer and closer to cumming. Lauren was too, and her moans were driving him crazy. He groaned another command, "Come watch me cum." and Lauren turned around and knelt by his feet. He wasn't brave enough to try to cum on her, but he shook in pleasure as he sprayed cum across his stomach and chest, staring at the naked woman who was arching to make sure he could see her ass and tits while he came.
She smirked, "Thank you Simon, I liked making you cum." He panted and could only manage,
"Fuck, me too"
"Any time you need a little help, I'm just next door. It'll be nice having someone around for company." She took some kitchen roll and offered it to him. He cleaned up and took the hint, leaving her house in a daze. She stayed naked as she sent him away, proudly standing at the door despite all the other houses nearby. He returned home and found himself too horny to manage nearly as much unpacking as expected. Later, he spotted her husband arriving home. He told himself he must know what his wife was doing. That evening he jerked off to the thought of her body displayed for him and passed out immediately.