Cindy's mouth hung open, Kathy shook her head and chuckled. Leslie clasped her hand over her mouth, but it didn't hide the enormous grin on her face. Everyone turned to Cynthia for direction and Brenda sat back down.
"Tell you what," Cynthia said to Steve as she stood back up which again communicated to everyone subliminally that she was in charge. "Why don't you move your chair out of the way and pull over one of those bar stools by the counter."
"I guess I should take off my shoes and socks," Steve said somewhat absent-mindedly but making no move to do anything. He had submitted to the wiles of these women and now simply awaited instruction.
"No," Cynthia said as she moved closer to him, "We're really and truly going to strip you completely naked... Everything." The ladies were giggling excitedly, "Come sit on the bar stool," she directed. He situated himself on the bar stool and hooked his heels on the first rung connecting the four legs. "Perfect," she said. "That will make it easier to get your shoes and socks off without making you fall."
Steve leaned back feeling like he was cresting the top of a steep hill on a monster roller coaster. "How do we do this?" Cindy asked, feeling nervous, excited and lost as to what to do.
"We could all just jump in and take off whatever we can get our hands on, but if we do it like that, Cindy, I'm afraid you'll stand back and watch," which is exactly what she was thinking.
"I'll take off his shoes and socks," Kathy volunteered.
"I'll help you!" Cindy said quickly, seeing that as the least awkward thing to do.
Cynthia smiled at Brenda and Leslie. "We can start with his shirt," she said with a wink at Steve whose heart was pounding. I got dibs on unbuttoning it. Y'all undo the buttons on the cuff of his sleeves and then help me get it off of him. Ready? Lets do it."
Kathy and Cindy crouched down and each took off a shoe and pulled off a sock. There was gleeful laughter and nervous giggling as they worked. Cynthia faced Steve and unbuttoned his shirt while, simultaneously, his cuffs were being unbuttoned and his shoes were being removed. He couldn't believe what was happening.
Once Brenda and Leslie had undone his sleeves they yanked his shirt up out of his pants, chattering almost nonsensically in their excitement. By the time the shirttail was pulled out, Cindy and Kathy were getting up from the floor and Cynthia was undoing the last button. Kathy was already behind Steve and pulled the shirt from his shoulders. Steve seemed bewildered. Cynthia and Brenda started to pull up his t-shirt and Leslie helped them pull it up over his head.
Cindy stood to one side, which Cynthia took note of, "Cindy, help us with his pants."
Cautiously, Cindy stepped in closer, afraid to make eye contact with Steve, but when she did, his submissively shell-shocked expression gave her enough confidence to unbuckle his belt, but it was still like an out-of-body experience. Cynthia was already pulling his zipper down. By then, there were hands in the waistband of his pants, everyone giggling and jittery with anticipation. Cindy and Cynthia opened up the front of his pants and in a second, just as Brenda and Leslie pulled his t-shirt up over his head, his pants were pulled to the floor by Cynthia and Kathy. Steve grabbed the waistband of his underwear just in time to keep them from going down with his pants, but as the ladies quickly got his pants off, he felt the cresting roller coaster pause at the top of a much higher hill for a second. The ladies were breathing heavily, he could feel their body heat and knew in the blink of an eye he would be in a place he had never been, naked in a room full of women. Like driving past a car wreck, too curious not to look, Cindy was caught in the frenzy, and even pushing her way into the action.
It was like a wrestling match to see who could get their hands on his underwear first. With gleeful laughter and the frantic energy of mob mentality, the ladies tore into Steve's underwear. He was completely at their mercy and they had none to offer. Although he held on firmly to the waistband, he was no match for ten desperate hands pulling his underwear in five directions. He had agreed to being undressed, but not like this. "Whoa!" Steve yelled, but the women were like a tornado. When the sound of ripping seams cut through the mayhem, it was like gas on a fire. Shrieks accompanied the sound of tearing fabric and Steve's underwear was shredded to pieces. He still held on to the waistband and in seconds it was all that was left of his underwear. Moving his hands to cover himself freed the final scrap to be pulled to the floor. Screaming and laughter continued as the waistband was pulled from his feet. He was completely naked.
Steve was in shock. No amount of anticipation could have prepared him for this and he covered himself as best he could. The ladies all stepped back and gawked at him, their laughter dissipating into out of breath gasps. He stood there facing his abductors who had stripped him naked and glanced around at his clothes, which were strewn around the room. Leslie held up part of the crotch of his underwear and turned to face the other women. "Ta da!" she said as she waved it like a flag, to their great amusement. How odd. Nudity is greatly enhanced when you're facing an audience of the opposite gender who are close enough to touch you. Adding to his feeling of domination, he watched, somewhat helplessly as Brenda began to gather his clothes, and lay them over her arm. What was she planning to do with them? They now had full control.
"Hey, sorry about the underwear Steve," Cynthia said. "Maybe Cindy has some undies she could loan you." Laughter filled the room again. For Steve, this was surreal. Never in his life had he felt this vulnerable. Although he was nude, he was still covering himself, so he was not yet fully exposed.
After Cynthia had gathered the scraps of Steve's underwear, she looked at Cindy. "Would you like to have these for a souvenir?" Cindy blushed and shook her head as she looked at Steve with a smile. Brenda had the rest of Steve's clothes draped over her arm.
Cynthia tossed the scraps of Steve's underwear into the kitchen trashcan amidst the coffee grounds, fruit peelings and junk mail. Steve turned to see Brenda stepping into her sandals. "Um... Wha-what are you doing with my clothes?"
Brenda only smiled, looked at the other ladies and giggled.
"Let me take his clothes for you," Leslie said, never taking her eyes off of Steve. "I have an idea." She whispered something in Brenda's ear.
"Good idea," Brenda said looking at Steve mischievously. Instead of handing over the whole pile, she did it one piece at a time, looking at it and then at Steve. "Here's his t-shirt," she said as she held it up. Leslie took it and began to study it. All this accentuated Steve's sense of helpless submission. "Here's his shirt," she said as she tossed it over. It fell at Leslie's feet as she tried to catch it. She picked it up, smiled at Steve and laid it across her arm. "And of course his pants," she said with a chuckle. Leslie grinned as she tossed the shirts on the sofa and took Steve's pants. She held them up like a trophy and everyone laughed. "Don't forget his shoes," Brenda said as she tossed them on top of the shirts since Leslie was still inspecting his pants.
Leslie grinned at him. "Cindy? Would you rather put Steve's clothes somewhere? We wouldn't want him to try to escape now, would we?" The ladies cackled with laughter seeing his expression of total helplessness. Cindy didn't know what to say and Steve's physical strength and mental fortitude vanished as he watched Leslie walk away.
"Now Steve, you can't stand there all day trying to cover yourself. How about you folding your hands behind your head so we can see?" Cynthia smiled at him, cocky with the power of control and the laughter, strengthened by their authority, filled the room. Every eye stared at his hands, waiting for him to fully surrender.
"C'mon Steve," Kathy said, "You're safe." The other women nodded in agreement. "We know the difference between hard and soft. It's ok." There was a quiet pause, Steve closed his eyes took a deep breath and relaxed his arms, folding them behind his back. There was a pause and then the ladies all cheered. He not only saw their eyes go straight to his privates, he felt them burning into him.
"Now, turn around nice and slowly for us," Cynthia said, "We want to see all of you."
Leslie reentered the room grinning. "Where did you put them?" Cindy asked. Steve's heart pounded as he studied Leslie 's face, but she only smiled and sat back down.
"In a safe place," she answered. "Don't worry, I'll get them... Eventually... If you cooperate." Leslie smirked at Cindy and blew Steve a kiss. Brenda winked at Leslie.
So what do we do now?" Kathy asked, "Maybe we should have Steve be a waiter for us. What do you think?" She was thinking of what had happened at the party that Bill had attended. "Lets have him fix coffee for us."
"I like that idea," Leslie said. "A nude waiter!"
"Yeah. Steve? Would you make us a fresh pot of coffee?" Brenda asked sweetly. "When it's made," she said turning to Cindy, "he can bring our cups to us on a tray with some of those croissants."
"Ok," Steve said, still adjusting to his circumstances, "I can do that." He walked back into the kitchen, glad to move away from their gaze. Soon he had the coffee brewing and stood back to wait, feeling too self-conscious to walk back into the den. He looked in the fridge and found a large carton of croissants and then looked around the corner to the den and asked Cindy where to find a serving tray. Without thinking, she jumped up to help but taking her first step remembered she was going into her kitchen where there was a naked man.
In the kitchen, Steve felt the same surprise. When he stood here 20 minutes ago he would have never believed that the next time he would be naked. He'd assumed that she would tell him where to look, but as she stepped into the kitchen, he felt more self-conscious being alone with Cindy than he had with all of them and turned to face the counter. "They're over here," she said, hoping to sound nonchalant. She walked over to a buffet just beyond the dinner table and pulled out the bottom drawer. He looked over his shoulder at her and when she stood back up, they made eye contact. It startled her, which startled him. After an uncomfortable pause, she stepped toward him warily and handed him the tray. "Do you need anything else?" She focused only on Steve's face as they spoke, but now there was a new elephant in the room and they both knew what it was.
For Steve, this was even more awkward. The fact that they had known each other for over a year in a totally other kind of relationship, this was beyond weird, but Cindy was enjoying it. Having the upper hand made a big difference. She smiled in such a way as to tell him that. "I'll leave it with you so you can come serve us." She was much more "into it" than she had been when this whole adventure began which caused Steve to feel even more dominated. Cindy turned to walk out, but as she did, she glanced down at him and smiled. He found this extremely arousing and standing there alone, he began to get a hard on. The coffee was now done, so he walked back into the room with the tray to get everyone's coffee cups. With the tray in his hands, there was no way to cover himself and he felt remarkably vulnerable but remarkably turned on.
"Wow! Steve!" Brenda exclaimed, "That's not what I saw a minute ago! Cindy, what did you do to him while you were in the kitchen?"
Cindy blushed and Steve cringed. If they were only looking at his dick it would be weird enough, but they would also look him in the eye and smile.
Cynthia who had been sitting back observing quietly, winked at Steve. "Do you need a holster for that thing?" They all laughed and Steve took it as a compliment, breathing a sigh of relief. His face reddened anyway and he ignored her comment. All of them had something to say and their "review" of his manhood was a step deeper into the erotically alternate reality he had entered.
Finally they all settled down again. "Thank you, Steve," each one said in turn as he took their cups and saucers. He walked back into the kitchen and poured a fresh cup for each of them. Then he returned to set the tray down on the coffee table.
"Steve, we'd also like for you to fix each cup for us as well," Cynthia said, "Go get the cream and sugar for us. I want 2 sugars, no cream." She leaned back in the recliner and looked him up and down, a little smile at the corners of her mouth. Steve took the empty tray back to the kitchen and returned with it carrying all the condiments.
"I want cream and two sugars," Kathy said, when he came back, very pleased with how this was turning out. "If you don't put in enough, I can help you," she said with a smile. She was more animated than she had been all morning.
"I'd like mine black, but I'd also be glad to help if you... need a hand," Brenda said with a laugh.
"And what, pray tell, would he need your hand to do?" Cynthia asked as if confused. Everyone laughed, even Cindy. But for Steve, this was too weird for words. He now sported a full erection.
"Well, well, well!" Brenda said, "What do we have here?" She pointed at Steve's dick. "My goodness, I bet I could hang a shoe on that thing!"
The room erupted with laughter, except for Steve who although turned on still felt so self- conscious he didn't} know what to think, much less what to say. He was awash in erotic confusion.
"Cindy, maybe you should've gotten doughnuts instead of croissants! He wouldn't need a tray to bring them in!" No one expected such a comment from Kathy, but there it was. She blushed, surprised by her own carnality.
"Ha! I wonder how many he could bring at one time!" Cynthia couldn't resist. "His hands would be free to carry the tray with the coffee cups!"
"It depends on whether they're Krispy Creme or Dunkin' Doughnuts," Brenda said.
"Come on you guys!" Cindy said, "That's a bit much."
Steve was slack jawed. He was getting a dose of what womankind has experienced at the hands of mankind since time began. He could understand why some women would enjoy it and many would be offended. He felt both, but tried to lean toward the enjoyment side. "I'll never think the same about doughnuts," he said, smiling for the first time.
Seeing his smile was an enormous relief for Cindy. She felt freer to succumb to the vibe. "Next time, I'll have doughnuts," she said before she could think. She smiled at the surprised stares of the other ladies. Even Cynthia was temporarily speechless. It was time to dive in.
"Wow, Cindy!" Leslie said in amazement, "I can't believe you said that."
"Nice to have you finally join us," Cynthia said with a wink.
"Well, it looks like I was more stressed out than Steve," she said matter-of-factly, "Steve? Would you mind doing the gutters when we're done here? If you get them all done, not only will I feed you... once you're finished of course... I'll even let you have your clothes back."
Now everyone was slack jawed. Cindy's discomfort had been a sort of safety net. Now he felt truly dominated. Cindy smiled at him in a way he'd never seen and he didn't know what to say.
"So, lets get our coffee doctored before it gets cold," Kathy said in an attempt to move along.
"Right." Steve said, glad to have something to do besides stand there. He tried to remember all the instructions. He had put two spoons of sugar in Cynthia/s cup when Brenda said, "Hey Steve, are you sure you don't want me to uh... give you a hand?"
All the ladies were cackling and then, to his continued surprise, Cindy spoke. "I never told you how I wanted mine, but I'd be glad to come show you how I like it." Steve had no file for this side of Cindy's personality. Of course all of them were laughing at Cindy's double entendre.
Leslie was the only one who hadn't given any instructions, so after he fixed the others, he asked her what she wanted. She smiled at him, "Just a little cream, I don't need any sugar. At least, not that kind." Again the hoots of laughter filled the room.
"Maybe you should make sure he knows what kind of cream," Brenda demurred. The laughter resurged and once again, Cindy's mouth hung open in surprise but her smile returned.
Steve was the butt {?} of their jokes, but what could he do? Although he had never spoken that way about a woman in her presence, he had certainly thought that way in the privacy of his own mind.
Once he had fixed everyone's coffee, he carried the tray back to the kitchen. They all smiled at him as he came back. He noticed that Cindy looked flushed with the weird transition of embarrassment to excitement. He wasn't sure what to do. They turned their focus to their coffee, each one approving his work. He stood there facing them, uneasy of what might happen if he went back to his chair. "Where are my clothes!" he asked, wondering how long this would last.
"Don't worry," Cindy replied calmly, "Cynthia thought we should put them in the back of your truck, but Leslie put them... Well, you'll get them... Later." She smiled, which made Steve feel even more naked, if that's possible. "You won't need them for a while." She grinned at him and he wasn't sure if that meant she was teasing or not. Confusing him further she said, "A benefit of being naked is that while you're working on the gutters, you won't get them dirty." The ladies all laughed and Cindy winked at him. He knew she was teasing but it still unnerved him.
"Very funny," he said, hoping to sound nonplused, but if they couldn't see through it, he sure could. But he pressed on, "So, everyone has coffee and food, now give me my clothes so I can get dressed and get to work, or was that all a ruse to set me up for this?"
"Oh no sir," Cynthia said emphatically, "We aren't finished with you yet." Brenda began to giggle and the others smiled at him, knowing something he didn't know. "Thanks for doing such a good job as a nude waiter." she said, "Now we just want to look at you." She grinned and the others continued to giggle uncontrollably. Cynthia and Leslie stood and faced him, smilingly devilishly.
"Well, uh... Haven't you already seen enough?" Like almost everything else he'd said, it sounded stupid after he'd said it. He had a weird sense of erotic defenselessness. "What do you want me to do?" With this question, some of his subconscious submissiveness peeked out and he realized it immediately. He knew that a substantial part of his mind wanted to do whatever they wanted him to do. It really was a turn on to be naked in front of them and they were simply enjoying it, which freed him to relax and enjoy it also.
"Come over here, Steve," Cynthia said. She pointed to the floor right in front of her chair as she sat back down. He paused, so she raised her eyebrows and pointed again, "Here!" she demanded. The ladies bit their lips. Hesitantly, Steve stepped over in front of her chair, a comfortable distance away from where she had pointed, which would have had him standing between her legs as she sat back in the recliner. She looked at him as if she was about to shout at him, but instead, she gritted her teeth. "HERE!" she commanded. Steve uneasily moved over, his legs now against the seat of the recliner. She had spread her legs so he would have enough room. When she leaned in, her face was inches away from his manhood. Steve felt the same shock he'd felt earlier when they tore his underwear to pieces. It seemed the roller coaster was once more at the pause just before screaming downhill. "Hmm," she said as she studied what was again in full erection. Steve was beginning to sweat. He was dying for her to DO something.