Disclaimer/Authors Note:
Thank you to everyone who has read my story, and who has given me feedback. I never thought my writing would be noticed by so many people. I am loving writing about Annie and Matt, and feel their story is an extension of me. Please, keep giving me ideas and what you want to see happen.
Also, this story will be exploring other areas of sex as well, but exhibitionism will stay its main focus. With that said happy reading!
*****
As she was sipping her drink, Annie could feel herself getting wet, even though she had just had some of the best sex of her life. The thought of going back to her apartment, or even possibly his, was so thrilling to her. Sure, it was more than exciting to have sex in front of so many people, but Annie could really feel herself starting to have a connection to her boss.
Which, now that she thought about it, wasn't a real good thing. She had promised herself when she started exploring her sexuality with Matt that she wasn't going to get attached because she knew that he had a playboy lifestyle. But being the only current girl on his mind made her giddy and excited. She knew what she could do to him. She had seen him hard as a rock, and even stay a little hard even though they had just had passionate sex. Surely people who weren't supposed to be together wouldn't be having this great of sex.
Annie refocused her mind to her throbbing pussy as she felt Matt grab her hand and start leading her out of the booth. She was too lost in thought to bother asking where they were going, and as he got her into the car and started driving, she found out she really didn't care.
Twenty minutes later they arrived at Matt's apartment, and Annie was shocked. She had heard through the grapevine that Matt didn't like bringing girls to his own apartment because he felt like the girl would get too close. Maybe, she dared to think, he was beginning to see a future with her as well. Pushing the thought aside and determining to make the night even more fun, Annie brought up her skirt so that the outline of her panties could be seen to anyone who happened to be walking down the street.
"Goddamn you're so fucking hot." Matt moaned, and Annie just smiled. Never before had she effected someone with so much conviction.
Matt lead her to the elevator where she waited patiently, determined to make sure she wasn't like one of those cheesy movies where the sex just takes an elevator ride. She was far more determined to make sure that this time the sex lasted as long as SHE wanted it to.
He slid his key card in the door and led Annie inside, looking amusedly at her face as she took in the penthouse suite that was his home.
There was a beautiful sectional in the middle of the room, white as snow, which she thought was a kind of funny decoration considering he was a bachelor. She looked around the kitchen at the granite counter tops, and stopped when she found a special fridge dedicated to wine. God, his apartment made hers look like a dog house.
He came over to her and put his arms around her torso, squeezing her tight. Slowly, he leaned down so that he was blowing softly on her ear. "Are you sure you want to wait?" he asked her with the sexy grin he always wore when he was starting to get turned on.
Sure, Annie wanted more mind blowing sex, but she also wanted to get to know Matt a little more. And what better way to do that, then at his penthouse, drinking wine?
Annie winked at him and with two full glasses of wine sat down on the white sectional.
"You know, this is an...interesting choice for somebody who lives alone, and seems to be pretty messy." she said.
"Yeah, well... I had my ex-wife pick out all the furniture for this place, and redecorating isn't really my forte..so here we are."
"I didn't know that you were married before."
"Yeah stupid bitch cheated on me with the best man the day before my wedding. When i found out i ditched her, but she was determined to keep the marriage going so that she could get a high settlement. Luckily, once I started bringing up evidence I had of her cheating the lawyers settled pretty damn quickly." he said.
"Holy shit," Annie exclaimed, "that sucks. I'm so sorry that happened."
"Nah it's okay. I don't ever think about her anymore. I have found someone around me at work to be pretty damn distracting."
"Yeah? I heard that you were a raunchy playboy."
"Maybe that's because that's what I wanted you to hear. You were always going off on dates and seeming to have a good time. I figured if I just waited around for you like a lost puppy it might be a turn off. Now, enough talking. I think I found a better way for the two of us to pass the time together."
Luckily, it was Friday night, and Matt was ready to spend the most amazing weekend with the girl he was quickly, and not without reservation, he was falling for.
He sat down his wine and she did the same. As he leaned towards her she could feel her pussy hum to life, like it knew exactly what was about to happen, which I guess it did. He slid his hand up her thigh stopping just before her throbbing clit, causing a sexy whine to come from Annie's lips.
Matt just smiled, he loved knowing he had control over her, that she wanted him just as badly as he so obviously wanted her. He removed his hand and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand, before bringing his fingers down to her chest. She had goosebumps all over her body, and he knew that she was going to get very excited before the real sex even began.
He slowly caressed his way down to her pert nipples, making them immediately stand at attention. With all the ease in the world, he snapped the buttons off of her top and got her down solely to her bra, which was a lacy thing that showed of her cleavage amazingly.
He slowly removed it from her, working the clasp like he had done it a million times before. Once he had the restricting garment off of her, he brought his mouth down to one nipple, tasting it, before flicking it with his tongue. She moaned softly, and Matt could tell she was already getting wet for him. With his other hand he reached for her other nipple, and stroked it softly, changing the nipple occasionally.
Finally, he worked his mouth downwards, stopping at the bellybutton to remove the rest of Annie's clothes. Before he took off her panties, he examined her pussy in them, and the wetspot it was making on them. He slowly took of her panties, stopping to slowly smell them. Annie wondered why the hell a grown man sniffing her panties like she was a teenager again turned her on so goddamn much. She slowly felt him move his head down to her pussy, and she had to stop herself from grabbing his face and forcing his tongue into her warm center.
Excruciatingly slowly, Matt brought his mouth to her engorged clit, savoring the taste of her pussy. He slowly started to tease it, making sure he was driving her crazy. He brought his tongue lower, really tasting the center of her, before going back up to her button and slowly inserting two fingers.
Annie whimpered loudly as she felt Matt's fingers enter her with force. She never thought that she would be the kind of woman to so thoroughly enjoy foreplay, but man was she glad that she did. She moaned louder as his pace started quickening, and she was sure she was going to climax before anything really started. He was driving her crazy! Suddenly, she felt a finger go to her asshole, the one place she had never let anyone touch before. Matt could sense that she tensed up.
"Oh, I see. You've never done anything here before have you?" he said.
Annie just blushed and looked down, and when he looked into her eyes, she nodded slowly. Gathering some of the moisture from Annie's wet pussy, Matt pushed one finger slowly into her asshole, giving her just enough time to adjust to the new invasion. Slowly, he pulled out and kissed her there, giving her a slight impression that more was to come soon.
He continued eating her pussy, which he seemingly could never get enough of, and with his one free hand grabbed at her nipple, stroking it with conviction. Annie's moans were getting louder and faster as he found that soft g-spot and started rubbing her. He had never before managed to make a woman squirt before, in fact he had never before had the desire. But his urge to make Annie cumm like she never had before was the driving factor in all of his actions.
As his mouth kept working on her clit, Annie tensed, and then exploded, squirting slowly onto his face, which he didn't mind. She was moaning loudly and her entire body was twitching, and Matt looked on in amazement as he did this to the one woman he had cared about since his heart had before been broken.
Annie was spent. She had just had the most powerful orgasm she had ever had in her entire life. Despite years of trying, her vibrator and fingers didn't hit that special spot that she had always heard of, and the magical pressure Matt was applying seemed to do the fucking trick.
But Annie, and Matt, both weren't finished with each other. It was like Annie's orgasm had just charged them further, bringing their chemistry to the forefront of their mind. Matt grabbed annie roughly and forced her mouth to his, where she could taste herself on his tongue, not really minding the flavor of her pussy.
He slowly leaned her backward onto the couch so she was directly underneath him, and stripped off all of his clothes. Matt was very aware that Annie was watching him, staring at his every movement and his pulsating cock as it sprung free of the boxers containing it. Annie leaned back onto her forearms and waiting as Matt came back over to her, now beautifully and thankfully naked, and positioned himself at her drenched entrance.
He rubbed his throbbing cock back and forth at her wet entrance for a little while, driving her crazy, making sure that she had never wanted to take a cock so badly before. Finally, he entered her with one stroke, and she screamed out in pleasure. He set a steady rhythm with his thrusts, making sure that one here or there was harder or stronger than the others. He reached down with his right hand and started playing with Annie's clit, determined to give her another violent climax.
Annie was moaning louder, she was sure, than even in the club. He was pushing all the right buttons, and suddenly the doorbell rang.
"What the shit!" Matt yelled as he exited Annie, whose pussy now felt empty and unsatisfied. She walked behind him to the door, determined to give the person who interrupted them a show. When Matt opened the door Annie saw a beautiful young woman who was as tall as a supermodel, and she looked down at herself, aware that she was naked, and very much not a supermodel.
Matt didn't say anything as he slammed the door shut, and Annie didn't ask. Whoever it was at the door obviously didn't mind seeing two people in the nude, and he obviously didn't seem to keen on having her there in the first place. Annie stopped Matt as he was walking back to the sectional.
"I have an idea." she told him nervously. This was the moment, the make it or break it moment where she revealed her fantasies which Matt would either laugh at or accept.
"Let's do it against these beautiful windows."
Matt smiled at her, happy to learn new things about the sex dynamo he hadn't pictured as an exhibitionist. He got up and escorted Annie to a large window that was twice the size of any normal window in the penthouse. He pushed her against it so that her breasts were flattened against the glass, and her breath made a mist on it, as well. Slowly he lined up his throbbing cock to her entrance, and starting thrusting with so much force he was afraid he was going to knock her off of her feet.
Annie was ecstatic. The thought of someone watching her from way up here, through the window, was electrifying. Her moans were getting louder, and she was sure that the entire building could hear them, and she didn't really care. Making sure that she was still in view of the large window, she got onto her knees and let Matt take her doggy style, watching her breasts swing as he thrust into her.
Annie was lost in pleasure, but she decided to open her eyes, just for a moment to see if there was anyone out there watching them. Envying them. With a smile she saw that down on the street was the woman who had come to the door, watching with her mouth open, as she surely thought their little show was for her. Scanning around the rest of the towers out of her window, she stopped on the apartment complex directly across from where she was being taken. There she met eyes with a man, eyes that she was sure she had met before. She looked down and saw that the man had his thick long cock in his hand and was pumping furiously.
Pleased that she could do that to a man, Annie resumed back to her activity, feeling an orgasm slowly working its way from her toes. She tensed and then let loose, collapsing as she came so hard she was sure that she was going to go numb. After feeling Annie's pussy pulsate, Matt came in her with force, collapsing on top of her.
Slowly, Annie could feel him softening inside of her and she slowly turned towards him and kissed him on the lips.
"Hey," he said, "I think I'm in love with you."
TO BE CONTINUED