Showing Myself
by Vanessa Evans
Part 4
It was late morning when I woke up to the sounds of daddy returning from the weekly supermarket run. When I sleepily walked into the kitchen daddy said,
"Good morning princess, good night was it? I see that most of the paint has gone was it like that last night?"
"Towards the end, yes daddy, but that was part of my plan, I wanted some of the teachers to see me and know that I was naked."
"You, my girl, are going to get into trouble if you're not careful."
"I know daddy, but I've got these urges, I just can't help myself."
"Each time you get an urge try to just think for a couple of seconds before acting."
"I will daddy. You should have waited for me to go to the supermarket with you."
"Would you have wanted to go like that?"
"Yes, but I would have put something on just so that I wouldn't get thrown out."
"Yes, it's one thing going without clothes in a small village like this but in the city there are way too many narrow minded prudes who will complain about anything that doesn't fit in with their ideas of what is right."
"I'll be careful daddy."
"Good, so are you going to help me put this lot in the cupboards?"
We put everything away then dad told me that he had to go and see a man about getting a job done on his Land Rover.
"I could have helped you with that daddy, you know that I like helping you fix cars."
"I know Lea, but this isn't some thing that you or I could do. I'll only be a few hours, besides, you need to have a lazy day Ben will work you hard in the pub tonight and you have to get your uniform clean and ready to work in."
I giggled a little then replied,
"Would you like to help me scrub my uniform daddy?"
"I would love to but no Lea, I'm sure that you can manage."
Daddy went out and I got myself some breakfast then phoned Seth and Noah to see if they'd emerged from their pits yet. Noah hadn't and his mum told me that she'd tell him to come round when he did emerge. Seth was up and he said that he'd be right round. I went and cleaned my teeth then took everything else that I'd need for my bathroom routine to the outside shower.
"Morning Lea." Seth said when he came round the corner.
"Hey," I replied, "I was just about to scrub the rest of this paint off. Wanna give me a hand?"
Seth did, the scrubbing brush was a bit rough on my skin and it left red patches on my tits and pubes but it worked and I ended up without any trace of the bikini.
I was just starting to get my razor out when Seth suggested that I leave the shaving until when I was getting ready to go to work. That sounded like a sensible idea so I dried myself, hung the towel on the line then told Seth to come to me.
"I wanna try something mate." I said as I got on my back on the grass, lifted my legs right up and over, grabbed my ankles and pushed then as far apart as my arms would go.
"Fuck me." Was all I said and within seconds Seth's cock was going in and out, deep into my pussy, his hairy pubes tickling my clit and his balls banging against my butt.
"When you fuck me from different angles it feels different inside me. I know that it sounds stupid but it feels like you are going deeper inside me."
"That's impossible," Seth replied, "I bottom out every time that I fuck you."
"That's why I said it was stupid. I'm gonna cum soon if you keep doing that to me."
"Me too."
About 4 more thrusts later we both orgasmed then Seth collapsed beside me. I let go of my ankles and my legs fell to the ground. After a few minutes silence I asked,
"So are you going to shave that horrible hair off your pubes Seth?"
"Yeah, I've read that being bald feels better when you fuck."
"So when are you going to do it?"
"I dunno, sometime."
"How about right now, I'll do it for you."
"What!?"
"You're not a wimp are you?"
"No."
"Well get naked and come over to the shower."
Twenty minutes later I'd trimmed then shaved his pubes, cock and balls. It would have taken less time but he got hard again and I kept wanking him a bit until he finally shot his second load of the day all over my chest.
"It's supposed to make your tits grow Lea." Seth said.
"I don't want them to grow any bigger, besides I don't believe that crap; but you can rub it all over my tits if you want."
He did want and he did do it and it got my nipples and pussy tingling again.
"We need something to do to stop me thinking about my pussy all day otherwise I'll be too knackered to work tonight." I said
"How about we cut that grass at my house, my mum keeps going on at me to do it." Seth suggested.
"Okay, but we cut the grass here first, that will please my dad."
"You're not in his bad books are you Lea?"
"No."
"Well he hasn't spanked you the only red marks on your butt are from where I scrubbed you, and they're fading already."
"No, no, he just told me to be careful going places like this, says he doesn't want to have to bail me out of jail."
"He's right, you should confine your little adventures to around here. No one in the village will complain about you in your birthday suit, but if me or Noah were to wander around naked someone might complain."
"Yeah, it's stupid, I guess that it's because your sex bit are on the outside whereas mine are on the inside. If I get all aroused no one can tell but if you do you give people a bigger handle to hold on to."
"I'm sure that you're right Lea although I don't want to go putting my junk on display for everyone to see, unlike you Lea."
"Yeah, I don't know why I've started to want to do that and I'm sure that I'll stop someday but until then."
"Until then what?" Noah asked as he appeared round the corner.
"Lea was just saying that she doesn't know why she wants to be naked all the time."
"So that we can fuck her stupid."
"Apart from that, hey mate, we've decided to cut the grass for our parents."
"What? All 3 houses?" Noah asked.
"Yeah, you got a problem with that?"
"No, and I guess that it will get my dad off my back. Besides, it will give him a preview of Lea walking around like that, he hasn't seen you yet."
"He must have seen me when I was a little kid."
"Yes but you look quite a bit different now Lea."
"True. Okay, let's get started."
It wasn't exactly hard work especially as we took it in turns to push the mower and emptying the collection box and before long we were walking over to Seth's house. When Seth told his mum what we were going to do she told us that she's bring us some drinks out in a bit. She also told me to be careful and not have any accidents adding that Seth's dad didn't want to see me covered in band aids at the pub later.
"Did you tell your mum and dad about the pub?" I later asked Seth.
"Nope Lea, but you know that everyone knows everything about everyone in the village"
.
"I wonder if they know what we did when we got out of the limo last night." I asked.
Seth's mum waited until we were over half done before she brought the drinks out then she sat on the grass talking whilst we all drank.
"You know Lea, me and Seth's dad used to have fun like you're doing when we were your age."
"Mum, we don't want to know, too much information." Seth said.
"So you used to run around with no clothes on as well?" I asked.
"Oh yes but we never used to shave our pubes, it wasn't the done thing then but I'm pleased that society has cottoned on to that one, it's just a shame that you can't go everywhere like that. It's so much more liberating, more empowering, I bet that those 2 do everything that you ask them to do, a girl's naked body is a powerful thing."
"Yes they do."
"Well you make the most of this summer break Lea, it may be the last totally free time that you have."
"I intend to, starting with tonight."
"I bet that you're looking forward to all those men looking at you?"
"I certainly am."
"Well I'm sure that you'll get dozens of men wanting to buy you a drink. A little tip for you Lea, thank them for it and tell them that you'll have it when you've finished the one that you already have then take the cost of the drink as a tip. Don't try to drink them all, you'll just get drunk and won't enjoy yourself as much."
"Thank you for that."
"Ben might tell you the same but I've beaten him to it. Just pretend that you didn't know. It's surprising what holding back and letting men tell you things that you already know can get you. Let men think that they are in control when you and I know different."
"I don't know that it works with all men, my dad won't do what I want him to."
"That's because he knows you too well, you might think that you know these 2 very well, but believe me they'll surprise you at times, men are strange creatures."
"Yeah, but they like looking at my naked body."
"Bloody hell Lea, any sane person, male or female would like to look at your body, it's as perfect as any of those rich models. Probably better because a lot of them have unmanageable tits."
"Why thank you."
I turned to look how Noah and Seth were getting on and was pleased to see that they were about done.
"Come on guys," I said, "We've got two more lawns to cut."
"You mean Noah and I have Lea." Seth said, "you're getting so bossy lately."
"Yeah, but look at the benefits." I said which shut him up.
Noah's parents weren't at home and we (Noah and Seth) got the lawns cut in no time then we started walking through the village. At the shop Seth asked if anyone was getting an ice cream.
"I'd love one but.... " I replied.
"Bloody hell Lea, you've got to find a way of carrying money, you'll bankrupt me." Seth said.
"I could put it up my hole but that would mean that you can't get your cocks in there. Anyway, you'll have some money coming in when we start working at Ted's farm."
"True, and I suppose a few ice creams is a fair price to pay for all the fucks that you're giving me."
"Are you saying that I'm a prostitute Seth?"
"Noooo. Lea, I will happily buy you any amount of ice creams even if you won't let me fuck you ever again."
"Thanks Seth but you can still fuck me whenever you want, that's what mates are for."
"What about me?" Noah asked.
"You too Noah, anytime."
"Good to see you again Leanne." Drew Grey said when we went into the shop. "You too Seth, Noah but I think that you'll understand why my eyes zoomed in on a beautiful young female body before I saw you."
"Yeah Drew," Seth replied, "we understand. She is a bit of a cracker."
"So what can I do you for Leanne?"
We got our ice creams and I followed Noah and Seth out. Just as I went through the door I turned my head, saw that Drew was looking at my butt and I smiled at him. I felt a tingle in my pussy and thought,
"Drew may be ancient but he's still a man and he likes what he sees."
"Are you deliberately eating that ice cream like you're sucking a cock Lea?" Noah asked.
"Would I?"
"Yes." Both Seth and Noah answered at the same time.
"Okay guys, I'll suck your cocks when Ive finished this." I said, "but I'm not doing in in the street, I may make some of the old biddies jealous."
Ice creams finished we walked to the public footpath that goes between 2 houses and into the wooded area where I gave them both a blowjob then let them fuck me doggy style. As we walked back into the village Seth said,
"Those 2 lots of cum Lea, was that you tea or do you need something more substantial before you go to work at the pub."
"What time is it Seth?" I asked.
"5:45"
"Shit," I replied, "better head for home to get something to eat and get ready."
"Dad, you've got the tea ready."
"Yes Lea, I thought that you'd need something to eat before you go to the pub."
"Thanks dad."
As soon as I'd finished eating and washing up I went to the bathroom to clean my teeth and have a couple of minutes sat on the toilet then I took my soap, shampoo, razor etc. down to the outside shower where I got myself clean and smooth with daddy watching me.
"You can help me if you want daddy, there's parts of my pussy that are difficult to get at."
"I'm sure that you can manage Lea."
After I'd dried myself I took my things back upstairs then brushed my hair, it was going to air dry, then I was slightly nervous ready for my first day as a naked barmaid. I was also slightly excited and my pussy was tingling a bit.
Downstairs I kissed daddy and told him that I'd see him later then set off for the short walk to the pub.
"Looking good Lea." Ben said as I walked through the door.
There was already a handful of customers, elderly locals and those who enjoy the company of just about live at the pub.
"Good Lea," Ben said, "you've remembered to wear some shoes, apart from making your legs look better there's the risk of glasses breaking."
"I hadn't thought about that Ben." I replied.
The next hour or so was spent mainly with Ben teaching me lots of the basics of the job but also serving a few customers. The initial tingling soon died away as I concentrated on learning new skills.
Ben also put a pint pot beside the till and told me to get myself a drink and put it beside the till as well. Then he told me the same as Seth's mum had told me about getting drinks bought for me.
It was when the non-locals started to arrive that things livened up, the comments and questions started and my pussy started tingling again, especially as Ben kept sending me to collect the empties. I was happy to do that because it meant that the customers could get a good look at the naked me and it gave them the chance to make comments. Some even asked for selfies which I happily agreed to.
Dad came in later on and as I served him he asked me how I was doing. When I said that it was great he told me that he could see that and pointed to my nipples, When I looked down at them they were as big as I'd ever seen them.
"I can't help those dad, you know that nipples do whatever they want."
"Yes I know Lea, I was just baiting you."
"And I fell for it. Okay dad, you got me, I'm going to serve someone else now."
Dad was just as bad as most of the men there, their eyes following me everywhere. When I managed to have a quick word with him later he told me that the pub was a lot busier than it usually was on a Saturday and he blamed me for that saying,
"I'm so proud that I have such a beautiful daughter that all these people want to come and see her."
"You mean see me naked?"
"I'm sure that they would want to see you naked or clothed Lea."
"You're so sweet daddy but I'm sure that it's because I'm naked but I don't mind, I like them seeing me naked."
"So I see Lea." Daddy replied as he looked at my chest.
"Daddy, we've had this conversation."
"I know but can you feel how wet you are between your legs?"
"I can't help that either daddy."
"I know but it does prove that you're enjoying it."
"I am but I'm not going to jump on the nearest man and demand that he fucks me."
"That's good to hear."
"Dad, at this moment you are the nearest man, don't you want me to jump on you?"
"Lea!"
I smiled and went to serve another man.
Ben also told me that the pub was a lot busier than usual and he thanked me for it.
"That's my pleasure Ben."
"You really do like people seeing you naked don't you Lea?"
"Yes I do, I guess that I am an exhibitionist, all those male eyes looking at me really turns me on."
"Well don't go jumping on anyone in here Lea, I'm sure that that would cause a few problems for me."
"Even it were you that I jumped on Ben?"
"Even if it were me Lea."
I was looking at Ben when I said that last bit for any sign that Ben would like to fuck me but there was none and I was starting to think that there was something wrong with me if both my dad and Ben didn't want to fuck me. Anyway, I didn't have the time to dwell on it because we heard a request for a couple of pints.
"You get it Lea." Ben said as he reached for the door on the glass washer.
After that Lea sent me to collect empties and at one table there was so many men round it that I had to reach over which meant that I had to bend over. As I was doing so one of the men on the next table said,
"Nice pussy love."
Another said,
"Gawd, she's dripping."
As I picked up more glasses I thought,
"How could I have been that stupid? Why didn't I remember that bending over put my pussy on display? I've got to do that a lot more."
And I did, often going to tables at the side where I would have to bend over. After I stood up after bending at one table I looked over to the bar and saw that Ben and couple of men stood at the bar were looking my way. Ben had a big grin on his face. I felt a little tingle in my very wet pussy.
The pub also has some outside tables and Ben often sent me outside to collect glasses and that seemed to take longer than collecting glasses inside. It was quieter outside and the men tried to engage me in conversation a lot more and I'd stand there listening and talking for a couple of minutes.
At one table I was stood next to a sitting young man and whilst we were talking I felt his hand on my bare leg. When I didn't move away or shout at him he took it that it was okay to touch me and his hand slowly slid up my leg. When it got really close to my pussy I turned my head and looked down to him and said,
"You really shouldn't be doing that."
"That's not a stop doing that then?" The young man said.
I said nothing and just stood there as the side of his hand touched my pussy and I moaned. It felt so nice.
I so wanted to just stand there and let him finger me but I knew that I shouldn't and that it could well be a problem for Ben so I said,
"Stop that." and stepped back.
"Cock tease." The man said.
"Yes, but that's why you came here tonight isn't it?" I replied.
I stepped back, smiled then turned and carried the empties back to the bar.
A bit later I had to go back to the same table and the men there were just as 'friendly'. They asked for selfies which I was happy to help with then they asked me for some spreadies.
"What's a spready?" I asked.
"Here, we'll show you." One guy said.
Two of the guys got to their feet and came and stood either side then squat down to my height.
One of them then told me to put my arms round their necks and when I had done that they stood up straight, lifting me up off the ground. Then another guy lifted my ankles up to my waist height and spread them apart so that the 2 guys holding me up could grab my knees holding my knees almost apart as far as they would go.
With that the phones came out and the camera flashes went on and on.
I know knew what a spready was and I liked them.
Not content with just those 2 guys holding me, most of the others wanted their turn and more photos were taken. When I finally got back inside Ben asked me if I was okay adding that he was about to send out a search party.
"Just some customers wanting to take selfies and spreadies with me." I replied.
Ben obviously knew what a spready was and he smiled at me.
There were more similar experiences throughout the evening, all of which kept my nipples hard and my pussy wet and tingling.
I'd totally lost track of the time, not even registering that it was dark outside and before I knew it Ben was calling time. Ben sent me to collect the empties which gave some of the leaving men the opportunity for more comments and even the odd touch as they passed me.
"Are you okay Lea?" Ben asked me when it was just him, me and my father who said that he was waiting to walk me home.
"Yeah, I'm good Ben thanks, a bit tired, but good."
"Well you did good Lea, are you still happy to work again next weekend?"
"Can't wait."
After all the empties were lined up ready for the glass washer Ben said,
"You appear to have got a lot of tips and drinks bought for you Lea."
I looked at the pint pot then tipped it out and counted it.
"Wow, there's £87.30 here, I can't take all this."
"Yes you can Lea." Ben said as he opened the till and took out 4 £20 notes. "And this is your earnings for tonight."
"That's too much Ben, I haven't done that much work."
"Lea, just you being here like that earns you that money. Any work that you do is just a bonus to me."
"But I came here to work."
"And show off your body Lea." My father added.
"Lea," Ben said, "As your boss I'm telling you to shut up, take the money, go home and come back next Friday at the same time and wear the same uniform."
"Thanks Ben." I said and I reached up and kissed his cheek.
As I walked home with my father he said,
"So Lea, how did you enjoy your first working night? Was it all that you expected?"
"Well I certainly enjoyed it dad, it was so exhilarating."
"Yes Lea, I could see that you were enjoying yourself. Just remember that all the jobs that you have throughout your life will not be as enjoyable as this one."
"I know dad, when I work on the farm I don't enjoy myself as much as I have tonight."
"You might this year, especially if Ted gets some agency workers in."
"What do you mean daddy?"
"You know damn well what I mean Lea."
I linked my arm through daddy's and squeezed his bare arm against my bare tit and said,
"I love you daddy."
I was soon in my own bed on my own and relieving the frustration that had been building all evening.
*****
It was the middle of the Sunday morning when I woke to the sound of Seth saying,
"Come you lazy bastard, get your smelly arse out of bed."
"I don't smell do I?"
"Yes, stale beer."
"Oh, I guess that I should have showered when I got home last night, I did get a few drinks spilt on me"
"So how did it go last night? Lot's of city guys perving over you and trying to grope you?"
"How did you know, you weren't there Seth?"
"I'm a man, that's what men do."
"Yes it is, you could have come and seen them in action, you might have learnt something."
"I doubt that but I didn't have any money."
"I'd have bought you a drink, I got loads of tips."
"With that killer body of yours I should hope so."
"Aw thanks Seth, do you want to fuck this killer body then"
"After you've showered."
"Is my dad here?"
"The Land Rover's gone and I didn't see him when I arrived so I guess not."
"Can you put the kettle on for me please Seth? I'll go and have a shit then you can help me shower outside."
"And fuck you."
"And fuck me."
Forty five minutes later I feeling freshly fucked, freshly showered and raring to go.
"So what are we doing today Seth?" I asked as I was sipping a cup of coffee with Seth's cum seeping out of me onto the grass.
"Fancy going to the farm, see if Ted's got anything?"
"Okay, where's Noah?"
"I saw him going out with his mother in her car earlier, maybe gone on the supermarket run."
"He'll be loving that." I sarcastically replied.
"He'll guess where we've gone and catch up with us. Hey, if Ted's got nothing for us we could get some baling twine while we're there then go to the woods. Remember when we used to play cowboys and indians when we were little and Noah and me used to tie you to a tree?"
"Yes you bastard, just because I was a girl you used to gang up on me a tie me up."
"Well I was wondering if you'd fancy being tied up again and then Noah and me could rape the indian squaw."
"It wouldn't be rape."
"I know, but we could pretend, you could struggle free and we could chase you."
"You'd never catch me."
"You could let us then pretend that we were raping you."
"I suppose that that could be fun. Let's see what Ted's got for us."
Well Ted didn't have anything for us that day but he asked us if we'd be available the next day if the weather was dry because he was going to start baling a field of hay and if we were available he wouldn't have to get some agency staff in. I volunteered the 3 of us, not even waiting until Noah turned up to ask him.
"So Lea, did you enjoy your first night working at the pub?" Ted asked.
"Sure did." I replied.
"She told me that she was creaming herself all night." Seth added.
"I'm not surprised," Ted replied. "Beth used to cream herself when we put on those big barbecue here a few years ago."
"Oh yes, I remember that." I said, "I didn't really understand why Beth was naked those nights, but I do now. She must have loved it."
"She did, and so did I when everyone had gone home. Why don't you go and ask her if she wants to go skinny dipping with you, she needs a break and she hasn't been swimming for a while."
We did and she did, telling us that she did need a break. The 3 of us walked over to the swimming hole and Seth and Beth stripped and joined me in the water. I hadn't seen Beth naked for a few years and I was pleased to see that she was looking after herself, shaving as well. When I told her that she looked good she told me that being a farmer's wife was hard work, which I already knew, and that she liked to look after herself both for herself and for Ted.
"Well I hope that I look as good as you in 10 years time when I'm your age Beth." I said.
"Why don't you show yourself like Lea does at the pub?" Seth asked. "I'm sure that Ben would like a second naked barmaid."
"Been there, done that." Beth replied, "but I don't really have the time for it these days, too much to do here and by the end of the day I'm usually too tired to be nice to a lot of perving city men."
By that time we were splashing around in the water and I didn't notice that Noah had arrived and was stripping off. After he'd dived in he was talking to Seth for a while and I was talking to Beth.
"I always loved watching men's cocks swing around as they walk about." Beth said.
"Yeah, me too." I replied, "I like watching them get hard and sticking up too."
"Shall we see if we can get those 2 hard?" Beth asked.
"What are you thinking of Beth?" I asked.
"A bit of flaunting and maybe playing with ourselves."
"That sounds like fun, let's throw the ball about for a bit, maybe accidentally grab something soft a few times then get out and lay with our legs open and see what happens."
"You're a big cock tease Lea."
"Takes one to know one Beth."
We had a little giggle then I got the ball and started throwing it to Beth.
"Guy's girls vs. guys, and for once I won't be outnumbered."
And that's what he did for the next 15 or 20 minutes, and it got a bit handsy with none of us complaining when we got groped by one of the others.
When we'd had enough we got out and Beth and I did what we'd said we'd do, lay with our legs wide open and giving our clits an occasional rub. It had the desired effect and before long Beth and I were looking at 2 hard cocks. That caused Beth and I to properly start playing with our pussies and then both Seth and Zack to start wanking as they stared at our pussies.
Four orgasms later we were all quiet for a while then Beth said that she had got to get back to get on with her jobs. Seth and Noah got dressed but Beth just carried her clothes as her and I walked back to the farmhouse in front of the guys.
"Did you see how far Seth shot his load?" Beth quietly asked.
"Yes, I've never seen it go that far before." I replied, then I continued,
"Maybe we should have a village competition, all the men line up and a few naked girls flaunt their bodies in front of the men while they wank for us and see which one can shoot the furthest."
"That would be fun, I'll suggest it to Ted and see if he'll suggest it to Ben, we could do it on the grass outside the pub."
Ted was out in the yard when we got back and he stopped working when he saw his wife as naked as I was.
"Been having fun girls?" Ted asked.
Beth went and put her arms round Ted, pressing her tits into his filthy overalls and said,
"Yes thanks, I'd forgotten how much fun we can have down by the swimming hole."
"So you 3, if it doesn't rain tonight or tomorrow morning can I count on you being here at 7 a.m.? You can take it in turns to drive the tractor."
The 3 of us confirmed that we'd be there then Seth asked Ted if we could have some baling twine. I looked at Seth and smiled and saw that Noah had a puzzled look in his face.
"Sure," Ted replied, "you know where it is, help yourself."
As we walked over to the barn Noah said,
"What's the twine for?"
"To tie Lea to a tree then rape her." Seth replied.
"What?"
Seth explained as he cut half a dozen lengths then we set off on our bikes to the woods. As we rode through the village with me as naked as the day I was born, I waved at a couple of people that we know who were walking along the street.
The bike seat was working its magic on my pussy again and by the time we got to the woods I was close to cumming. Seth led us along the path until her saw a tree that he fancied tying me to then he stopped pedalling.
"This will do." Seth said as we walked to the tree.
"Back to the tree Lea." Noah said.
I did, and I must admit that as soon as I was against it, arms and legs spread wide and the twine was being tied to my wrists, I started to feel sort of helpless, not in control, but excited. My pussy was tingling something rotten and leaking like a sieve.
"NO, PLEASE DON'T RAPE ME." I shouted when my ankles and wrists were firmly tied round the tree.
"Your indian braves come and rape and pillage our towns now it's our turn." Seth said, "We are going to fuck you until you can't take any more indian squaw."
Seth and Noah circled the tree and me a few times grabbing at my tits and pussy as they passed in front of me. Then Seth stopped in front of me, smiled and I heard the zip of his shorts. He came right up to me and as he grabbed my little tits I felt his cock press against my stomach.
"NO, PLEASE DON'T RAPE ME." I shouted, but Seth pinched and pulled on my nipples and I felt the tip of his cock slide down and along my slit.
"NO, NO." I shouted as the tip of his cock found me dripping hole and went in.
Seth was like a man possessed as he thrust up again and again, squeezing my nipples harder and harder.
"Ooomph. oh, ooomph, argh, oh fuck I'm cumming." I said just before my first orgasm hit me.
Seth kept going until I felt his warm seed try to force its way deeper inside me.
"Oh my gawd, that was awesome." I said when things started to calm a little.
"You're not done yet squaw." Seth said as he pulled his wilting cock out of me.
"Your turn mate," Seth said to Noah, "fuck this filthy squaw until she can't take any more."
And Noah did, his big hands trying to crush my whole tits as he thrust up over and over again until he too brought us both to our climaxes.
When Noah pulled his wilting cock out of me he sat back on the ground and they both looked at me with smiles on their faces.
"What?" I asked.
"You look so helpless Lea." Noah said.
"Well fucked." Seth added.
"Err guys, I'm tied to the bloody tree and you've both just fucked my brains out, of course I'm helpless and well fucked."
"But are you happy Lea?" Seth asked.
"Hell yeah, but this bloody tree is scratching my back, Well it did when you two were ramming your cocks into me."
"Shit, I didn't think of that." Seth replied as he got up and started to untie me.
Minutes later both he and Noah were looking at my bare back and butt.
"Nothing to worry about Lea," Seth said, "all minor scratches, Ted won't be able to see them tomorrow."
"Good, they itch, let's go to the stream and you can splash some water on them. Those poor indian squaws had a rough time if that was happening to them all the time."
"Yeah but think of all those cums." Noah said.
"I bet that girls these days get to cum a lot more than they did in those days." Seth added.
"Well I certainly do." I said with a smile on my face.
Seth gathered up all the twine and we got on our bikes and rode to the stream where Seth and Noah delighted in splashing the water into my back and butt and it did stop the itching.
As we rode back to the village Noah told Seth to hang on to the twine because they might need to tie me up again.
"Just so long as you fuck me senseless when you do tie me up." I thought but I didn't say anything.
I spent that evening at home with daddy talking and watching videos. It was nice cuddling up to him, he had an arm round me and it felt nice having his hand on my skin even if didn't go on my tits.
*****
I was up early and when I saw that there were no clouds in the sky I got up and got breakfast ready. After eating just a piece of toast and drinking coffee I went to do my bathroom routine then left daddy's breakfast ready for him to eat as I pedalled off on my bike to meet Seth and Noah to go to the farm. It was a bit chilly at that time of the morning and Noah commented on my hard nipples which was due to the cold and not my pussy sliding from side to side on the saddle (which was nice).
My hard nipples and goose bumps were the first thing that farmer Ted commented on and he asked me if I wanted to borrow something to wear from Beth. I thanked him but declined the offer knowing that I would soon warm up.
Ted showed us where he wanted the bales of hay then Ted set off on one tractor pulling the baling machine whilst Noah drove the other tractor with Seth and me sat in the trailer that Seth and I would soon be filling with bales of hay.
Soon Noah was following the baling machine and Seth and I were loading the bales onto the trailer. I'd forgotten that hay can contain thistles and other prickly things when they dry and it wasn't long before all of my front was covered in little red marks where I had been stabbed but none of them were serious, just minor irritants that I could easily ignore.
It took going on for an hour for us to fill the trailer then with Seth and I sat on top of the bales Noah drove us back to the farm to unload. Ted came back with us on the trailer to help unload then it was over to the farmhouse where Beth had laid on a big English breakfast for the 4 of us.
When Beth saw me she too said that she'd forgotten about the prickly things in hay and after breakfast she rubbed my whole front with some cream that she said would make sure that I didn't get infected with anything. All 3 guys were watching Beth and saw her pay particular attention to my tits and my pussy even though I hadn't been scratched between my legs.
Beth easily got me sighing and moaning but she stopped short of making me cum which disappointed me and probably the 3 guys.
Then it was back to the hay. This time Seth drove the tractor and when it was full it was just the 3 of us taking it back to the farmyard to unload into the barn whilst Ted kept on baling.
It was my turn to drive the tractor which I always enjoyed and I watched as Noah and Seth loaded the bales onto the trailer. They had to work faster than before because Ted had left quite a few bales across the field whilst we had been unloading.
That load, and 3 more, and just as we were about to set off back Beth appeared with a picnic basket. She joined Seth and Noah on the trailer as I drove back to the field where Ted had finished baling that field and was about to go to the other field that had to be baled.
We all sat on the bales eating the picnic, me having forgotten that I was naked and the others not commenting on it or staring at me.
Picnic over Ted went off to start baling the other field and the rest of us finished loading the bales from that field then it was back to the farm to unload and let Beth get on with her jobs.
About 4 hours later the baling was finished and 3 tired 18 year old people were unloading the trailer for the last time that day then walking to the swimming hole to get clean. Ted had offered the use of a hosepipe in the farmyard which would have worked for me but both Noah and Seth wanted to go to the swimming pool.
I found out why after we'd had a very refreshing dip, they both wanted to fuck me, Seth telling me that watching me naked all day had been driving him crazy and he really needed to fuck me.
I'll admit it, I wasn't thinking about sex for most of the day but that refreshing dip and seeing Noah's and Seth's cocks swinging about had rekindled my sexual desires and I got on my hands and knees in front of Noah and pulled his cock to my mouth whilst Seth rammed his cock into my pussy.
Our lack of energy meant that it wasn't our best performance but all 3 of us had orgasms so none of us were complaining.
When we'd walked back to the farm I was stood in front of Ted as he told us that he's settle up with us in a couple of week. That didn't bother us a s we knew that Ted would come come good, he always had. I could feel Noah's and Seth's cum creeping down the insides of my thighs. Ted was looking down at my naked front and I wondered if he could see the boy's cum and know what we had just done. Not that I was worried, I was sure that Ted would have done the same if he had been there with Beth.
"So what's next Ted?" I asked.
"Well in a few days I've got a field of potatoes to to and a couple of fields that need muck spreading on them." Ted replied, "You did that last year didn't you Leanne?"
"Yeah I did." I replied, "do you still get the manure from the cattle farm up the road?"
"I do, are you going to be okay taking the tractor to that farm dressed like that or do you want Noah or Seth to do it?"
"No, I'm good, I don't care if the workers at that farm see me naked."
"Okay, Thursday okay for you Leanne? I can use Noah and Seth to transport the hay to the same farm. Terry wants to buy it for his cows over the winter."
The next day of employment for us settled, Seth, Noah and myself got on our bikes for the slow pedal home.
Dad was already home and he'd got tea ready and when I walked in he said,
"My gawd Lea, have you seen yourself, you should have worn something today. Have some tea then a shower then I'll rub some cream on you."
"Thanks dad, I'd forgotten about the thistles and the scratching. And those bales don't get any lighter, and there was more of them this year."
"That's all the rain we've been having until recently. Come on, sit down and get eating."
I did, and as I ate I wondered how thorough dad's application of the cream would be.
I showered outside again and dad sat watching me which made my pussy tingle. When I'd dried myself dad told me to go to my room and that he'd 'do me' on my bed. I smiled at his choice of words and wondered if he actually would.
He didn't but he did rub a lot of the antiseptic cream all over the front of my body and I mean 'all' over the front of my body. When he rubbed it on my tits my nipples went rock hard and I moaned a little. Unfortunately he didn't linger on my tits, nor on my pubes but he did just touch my clit when he was down there causing me to moan again and my gawd, was my pussy tingling.
I thought that I had my father's brain worked out and that the temptation would be too great for him but I was again disappointed when his hands moved down my thighs.
Daddy left me laying there, exhausted but not too exhausted to start playing with my pussy. I wanted to cum again but it wasn't to be. I was asleep before I managed to make myself cum.
*****
I woke with my hand still cupping my pussy which was wet and I wondered if I'd been playing with myself whilst I slept and if I'd made myself cum. I also wondered if daddy had looked in on me and seen me playing with my pussy.
That day and the next one were relatively quiet, that's if you call being fucked by both of your 2 male best friends several times and experimenting with different positions to be fucked in. I think that it's fair to say that all 3 of us learnt quite a bit about the different positions that a penis can approach a vagina from.
Both Seth and Noah were now shaving their pubes each day which made me giving them blowjobs more pleasurable for me.
*****
The Thursday was another day at the farm. Noah and Seth were helping Ted move the hay up to Terry's cattle farm whilst I was driving the tractor with the muck spreader on the back. Okay, I was technically breaking the law because I was driving the tractor on public roads without a licence, and I was naked, but it's a quiet road and I wasn't going that far on it. I reckon that during the whole day I would only be breaking the law for less than an hour and the chances of seeing another motorist, apart from Ted, Seth and Noah shifting the hay, would be minimal.
When I first arrived at Terry's farm Terry smiled at me as he said hello. I'd seen him in the pub the previous Saturday so seeing me naked wasn't a surprise for him but it was for his 2 farm hands and they stared at me in amazement. Terry got one of them to use his tractor with the bucket on the front to load the muck spreader trailer and the poor man just stared at me as the naked me drove out of the farmyard with a very smelly trailer behind me.
While the farm hand had been loading the trailer I was looking at him. He kept turning to look at me and all those looks made my pussy tingle. It wasn't exactly a sexy place, nor a sexy situation but he was still a man and he was looking at the naked me.
Ted, Seth and Noah were just leaving Ted's farm with a trailer load of bales of hay as I arrived back and they waved at me when I stopped at the side of the road to let them get by. As Noah looked at me he was holding his nose. I smiled knowing that the cow shit in the trailer stank something rotten.
Back at Ted's farm I got to work driving up and down the field with the cow shit flying all over behind me. With the direction that the wind was blowing I only got to smell the manure when I drove one way along the field but by the time the trailer was empty I was starting to get used to the smell.
Our 2 tractors passed each other on the public road a few more times. Ted had only gone with Noah and Seth the first time so subsequent times my 2 mates were on their own. One time that we stopped alongside each other for a quick chat I asked if one of them wanted to swap places with me but both declined. Muck spreading was a job that I didn't mind doing, even when I was naked, even if I would be going home smelling of cow shit.
One time when I was driving down the public road back to Ted's farm a car came the other way. I pulled up half on the grass verge and watched the car go slowly passed me. I saw the driver do a double-take when he saw me and I wished that I'd been stood up so that he could have seen all on my naked body.
A couple of hours later we were all at Ted's farm and Beth called us in for some lunch. As I walked over to the farmhouse Beth said,
"Normally when Ted is muck spreading I'd tell him to take his overalls off before he came inside but as you aren't wearing any Lea can you you go and get hosed down please, I'm sure that Seth or Noah will help you."
"I guess that I do stink a lot." I replied.
Seth and I went to where there was a tap and an attached hosepipe and Seth turned the tap on. He took great delight hosing me down and he did play particular attention to my tits and pussy. He had the hose focused on my pussy with my legs spread when Noah arrived with a towel for me. I was a bit disappointed when Seth turned the water off because the jet of water on my pussy was starting to feel very nice.
"So Lea," Beth said as we all sat eating, "are you looking forward to Friday evening Lea?"
"Yes I am. I don't know what's got into me lately but I just love being naked with lots of men looking at me. Even that old farm hand at Terry's farm looking at me made my pussy tingle."
"It's just a phase that you're going through Lea." Beth said. "With most girls it wears off quite quickly but for some it never goes away."
"Like you Beth." Ted said.
"True, but as you get older your body changed and you don't want to show yourself as often."
Beth was suddenly hit with 4 people all saying words to the effect that she still had a great body and that she should be proud to let others see it.
"No, I couldn't." Beth replied.
"You came skinny dipping with us the other day Beth." Seth reminded Beth.
"And I'm 100% sure that Ben would let you work alongside Lea on a Friday and Saturday." Ted added. "Shall we talk to him when we go there on Friday evening?"
"No, I couldn't, I'm too old to do that sort of thing."
"We'll see on Friday." Ted said.
Now I love Beth like a sister but I wasn't sure that I wanted there to be another naked girl working at the pub when I was there, I wanted all the male eyes to be on me.
"Maybe you could work there naked on a Monday and Tuesday Beth?" Noah said, "when it's not so busy, not as many men staring at you."
"I'll think about it." Beth replied, then turned to me and continued.
"Now look at what you're getting me in to Lea."
"Not complaining are you Beth?" I asked.
Before she could answer Ted butted in.
"Come on you 3, there's still a lot of hay to move."
"And a lot of cow shit to spread." I added.
By the middle of the afternoon both jobs were finished and Beth was suggesting that we all go to the swimming hole.
"I can't go." Ted said, "waiting for a delivery from the seed man."
"I could wait here for him." Noah said.
And that's what happened, the 4 of us went skinny dipping. It was fun watching Ted and Beth messing about with Seth and I, and it was nice seeing Ted's cock swinging about and then getting hard when Beth started groping him in the water. It wasn't that long before Ted and Beth and Seth and I were fucking, both in and out of the water. I could happily have swapped partners but Beth and Ted didn't seem interested.
Back at the farm Noah told Ted about the seed man then 3 of us got on our bikes and left. Noah saying that he was pleased that I didn't stink any more. As a reward for him saying that (well that's what I told him) we went back to my house where both of them fucked me before dad got home from work.
*****
The rest of the week was relatively quiet apart from the 3 of us fucking wherever and whenever we could. We tried all the positions that we could think of including me tied spread eagled to trees but my 2 favourite positions are doggy with one of them fucking me at each end, and when there is just 2 of us doing a 69 followed by doggy style.
But each time that we went somewhere to mess about or fuck, I had this nagging feeling that I would enjoy it more if some other people were watching me.
Friday evening came around and I was really looking forward to all those city folk coming and seeing me in all my glory even if I did only have small tits. I even had a second body shave as I got ready to go to the pub. Daddy watched me shower and shave outside and was amused that I'd shaved twice within one day. I realised that I was very aroused both with the anticipation of the evening at the pub, and daddy watching me shower and shave and what's more daddy realised the state that I was in and he told me that I should consider rubbing one out before I went to the pub so that I didn't just jump on the first unknown young man that I saw.
I laughed and said that I wouldn't do that but I just knew that I wanted to do just that. As a sort of silent compromise, and not even thinking about it, my right hand went to my clit and I did rub one out, right in front of daddy.
"You could have done that for me." I told daddy when I was able to.
"Leanne, we've talked about this."
"But rubbing my pussy isn't incest daddy."
"It could easily progress into it Leanne."
"Would that be such a bad thing daddy, you want to fuck me and I want you to fuck me so what harm could it do? It's not like I'm going to get pregnant."
"No Leanne, it's not right."
"You know that I'll keep going on about it until you give in and fuck me daddy."
"That's what worries me Lea."
"Stop worrying about it daddy. Talk to Ben or Ted about it, I'm pretty sure that they can put your mind at rest."
"They haven't got any daughters."
"True but they're both got a lot of common sense."
"True. Okay Lea I'll talk to them but it still doesn't seem right."
When I was finally ready, yes it took me nearly as long as it would have done if I'd been going to wear some clothes, I set off walking and wondering if it would be as much fun as it had been the last Saturday. I was actually quite nervous when I opened the door to walk in.
"You okay Leanne?" Ben asked as soon as he saw me.
"Yeah, I'm good."
"I can see that but are you okay being here, like that?"
"Hell yes, what other way is a naked barmaid supposed to look like."
"Well most of them don't look as good as you do Lea."
"Aw Ben, anyone would think that you're trying to get into my knickers."
"Slight technical problem there Lea."
"Ben, can I ask you a question?"
"Sure."
"In the back, it's sort of private."
"Do you want me to fuck you Lea?"
"Yes, but that's not what I wanted to ask you."
In the back where no one could hear I continued,
"Ben, if I were your daughter would you fuck me?"
"Bloody hell Leanne, that's one hell of a question."
"Yes it is, but would you fuck me?"
Ben stepped back a little, looked me up and down causing my pussy to tingle, and replied,"
"Too right I would, take a look at yourself in a mirror Lea, I've never seen anyone as beautiful as you, and any normal man, relative or not, would want to fuck you. Even Mike Barlow says that he wants to fuck you and he's old enough to be your grandfather."
"Thanks Ben, that's all I wanted to know. Now where do you want me to start?"
Ben set me to work. There were only a handful of locals in at that time and as I went round tidying up and collecting the odd empty glass I stood if front of them and had a little chat with each of them letting them have a good look at my naked front. There was a couple of elderly men that hadn't been there the last Saturday so I spent a little longer in front of them causing my pussy tingling to get a little stronger.
It wasn't long before the city folk started to arrive and I was soon quite busy, not only serving them but listening to and joining in with their banter and comments about me being naked. It was all good, harmless fun and ir was keeping my tingling going and my nipples and clit rock hard.
One time when I was stood right up to the bar I lowered my hand to my pussy and confirmed that my clit was sticking out for all to see. I gave it a quick rub that sent a shiver through my whole body. I thought that no one had seen me but as Ben walked behind me he said,
"No playing with yourself Leanne, that could cause problems for me."
"Sorry Ben." I replied and wondered what sort of problems he was referring to.
The place was getting busy and I had to go collecting empties. I was very similar to the previous Saturday with the banter and the odd quick grope which I didn't stop and I remembered to stand where I had to bend over to reach the glasses. When I went outside to collect empties I saw the same group of young men as the last time. They sounded happy for me to be there next to them and they wanted another set of selfies and spreadies with me.
Of course I enjoyed the spreadies the most and when some young men at another table saw me they too wanted to have the same fun. Who was I to deny them that so again I posed and got lifted with my legs spread wide.
When I finally got back inside Ben asked me what took so long so I told him then added,
"You should get your phone out and take some as well Ben, I don't mind you having photographs of me naked with my legs spread wide."
Just after that daddy walked in closely followed by Ted and Beth. A couple of oldies got up to leave and Beth quickly grabbed the seats.
"I've never seen this place so busy." Ted said when he came to the bar and I was serving him.
Ben was stood beside me and he replied,
"Yes, and we've got this one to thank for that."
"It looks like everyone's benefiting then." I added knowing that I certainly was in more ways than one.
A bit later Ben sent me outside to collect empties again and the young men started again. I made sure that most of them got a good look at my pussy again and some of them got a bit of a grope of it as well. Whilst I was stood at one table with a hand sliding up my inner thigh, one of the guys asked me if I'd be free to go and work behind the bar at their rugby club.
"Not on a Friday or Saturday" I replied, "that's when I work here and I'm enjoying it too much to stop."
"A Thursday would be good for us." Another of the guys said.
"Well it all depends on a few things, firstly what exactly would I have to do? Secondly, how would I get there and back because I don't drive and the bus service is pathetic; and thirdly, could I bring my 2 best mates.
The guy turned on the bench seat and patted his thighs.
"Sit Leanne and I'll answer your questions."
"Make it quick please, I'm supposed to be working." I replied as I sat on his lap and felt the bulge press between my bare butt cheeks.
"Okay, firstly it's an 18th birthday party for one of our team and all we would want you to do is walk around like you are now and chat to everyone and maybe sit on the odd lap and let the guys put their hands on you. As for getting there and then getting home I could come and pick you up in my car, that Merc parked over there."
I looked in the direction that he was pointing and saw an expensive Mercedes with tinted windows.
"As for your 2 mates, yes they can come along and if they are as gorgeous as you then they can wander around dressed like you as well."
"My 2 best mates are blokes and they probably won't want to get their kit off but they would like a lot of free drinks."
"Oh, blokes, I was hoping that they'd be girls as beautiful as you are Leanne but I guess that we could stand a few drinks for your bodyguards."
"I might be interested, write your name and number on a beer mat, let me have it before you leave and I might get back to you."
I got up off his lap and looked down at it as I picked up the glasses. I smiled when I saw that my pussy had leaked all over the front of his jeans.
Back inside I got on with my job but I couldn't help thinking about being naked in a room full of rugby players. My pussy was definitely tingling and leaking, a lot.
After helping Ben serve people for a while he sent me to collect empties again. There were some on the table that dad was sat at and when I went there he smiled and asked me if I was okay."
After I said that I was Beth said,
"I can see that, you go girl."
I picked up the empties and to get some from the next table I bent over giving my dad, Ted and Beth a great view of my dripping pussy and wondered if Beth had seen me bending over at another table.
Later I went to collect glasses outside again and got requests for selfies.
"And spreadies." I replied.
That got the guys thinking and before long I was up in the air with my legs spread wide and a big smile on my face.
"This job is great." I thought as I was hanging there and getting transferred to different sets of shoulders.
Finally they'd got all the photos that they wanted and I got on with collecting glasses. When I went to the table where I'd sat on the rugby club guy's lap I was handed a beer mat. I quickly read what was on it and smiled when I read 'It's a come as you are party'. I looked at the guy and saw him mouthing the word 'please'.
I put the beer mat in one of the glasses and carried them inside.
Ben was quick to take the glasses and I had to quickly retrieve the beer mat and put it in my pint pot of tips.
"You collecting men's phone numbers Leanne?"
"That's the number of a guy who's offering me another night's work."
"Well you be careful Lea, there's a lot of strange people about."
"I know, this is at a rugby club and if I go I will be taking Seth and Noah with me."
"Good, rugby club guys are usually pretty good guys. I'd have been worried if it had been a football club."
We both left it at that and got on with serving and me collecting empties and letting people get close up views of all of my body.
Closing time came all too soon but having said that I was quite tired, and horny.
Dad hung around to walk me home and I was amazed that my tips and wages were more than the last Saturday.
As we walked home I linked my arm with dad's right arm, pressing my left tit onto his arm.
"Did you talk to Ted and Beth and Ben about fucking me dad?" I asked.
"I did, but I'm still not sure, it just seems all wrong Lea."
"So I take it that they couldn't see anything wrong with us fucking?"
"No, just so long as you don't get pregnant."
"Well that isn't going to happen, I religiously take pill when I use the bathroom on a morning."
"Good, you need a good routine for things like that."
"Dad, you either need to get a girlfriend p.d.q. or you need to start fucking me. My stopping wearing clothes must be giving you a severe case of blue balls and I'm not going to see you suffer. And by that I don't mean that I'm going to start wearing clothes again, well not until I go to university."
"So what are you saying Lea?"
"Tell you what dad, let me sleep in your bed with you, like I used to do when I was little, and let's see what happens. It will be nice to cuddle up to you when I'm going to sleep, I miss those days."
"So do I but you're a big girl now. Okay Lea, I guess that it can't do any harm, I mean we'd only be cuddling like we used to."
"You're not going to start wearing your undies to bed are you dad?"
"No Lea, the only thing that will change will be that you are cuddling up to me."
"Two naked bodies together. Well that's a good start, we can talk before we go to sleep. But that doesn't mean that you have to stop looking for a girlfriend dad, Ben needs to start looking as well because if he doesn't I'm going to have to fuck him as well. I suspect that he's suffering from blue balls as well."
"That's your fault Lea."
"Is he complaining?"
"No, in fact Beth told him that he should fuck you as well."
"Jeez. I'm going to become the village bike if I'm not careful."
"No Lea, the village bike is available to all the men in the village, you aren't, even if all the men in the village want to fuck you."
"No dad, only a few select ones."
By then we'd arrived home and after our sessions in the bathroom I slid into dad's bed alongside his naked body. I deliberately didn't pounce on him, instead I just turned to face him, put my head on his shoulder, my arm over his chest and my leg over his. I so wanted to put my hand on his cock, if for no other reason than to find out if it was hard, but I resisted and just asked him about his day.
That was a mistake because his uninteresting day soon sent me to sleep.
*****