Chapter One - Part One Nila.
After Human Resources had placed her, Nila realised why the remuneration was at a higher rate than the usual placements, she had been given. Since the Human Resource Bill was passed in 2024, all unemployed, including students, were graded and signed to the Home Office's flagship new ministry, The Ministry of Human Resources and Deployment.
Essentially, huge numbers of out-of-work, homeless, and unemployed students were rounded up and sent to various establishments. Annila Mahmoud had been a First-Class Honours student, of mixed Middle Eastern descent with her English father and Libyan mother but found her studies had been rescinded and now had been absorbed into Human Resources, graded and then redeployed to Personal Resources.
Kneeling in front of his bed, her Designated Operator (Male) or DOM slept on. Nila knelt naked, her long beautiful black hair shorn to a bristling of black scrub, the mark of the Personal Resource (Female) or PR and waited barely breathing lest she wake the man, on his plush mattress. Her slender body, with pert, breasts no more than a handful. Her flat-toned belly led to a neat runway strip of black pubic hair to her symmetrical thin-lipped pussy. Her skin was a milky coffee, and her eyes were dark as coal. She knelt on a thin pelisse on the floor was less than a few centimetres thick with a mere hint of a pillow. Mr Master's reminder that she was his servant, despite having once fucked her hard on her bed, with her on her hands and knees.
Then he moved, rolled over and then opened his eyes.
"Good morning, Sir, may I welcome you to the day?" Nila used a well-rehearsed and accepted greeting to the Dom. She smiled a false smile, but it was enough to fool him. Or the Dom didn't care.
"Yes," The reply was simple. There was no need to say more, she knew her place and duty.
He threw the sheets of his body. He was just fifty, but his body belied his age. He was lean, muscled and possessed the libido of a twenty-year-old. As Nila discovered in her audition for her placement. He swung his legs over Nila's side and presented his erect cock, for her to kiss.
"Your cock is so beautiful, Sir. May I kiss you?" Nila repeated the worn-out phrase.
"Hmm." The Dom answered. He kept his eyes closed. He wanted to savour Nila's warm mouth and clever tongue on his prick. He felt her lips kiss his exposed glans and felt the pleasing twitch of his sex, and then Nila put him into her mouth and lovingly lapped her tongue against his purple flesh. There was no need for words, Nila was skilled in fellatio and within a few moments, she felt the familiar hand on her head pushing her head down onto his cock, forcing her to open her throat to him. As usual, he didn't last too long, his erection was partly swollen with a full bladder, but Nila had to tolerate a frantic pace into her mouth and probed her throat and then he grunted loudly,
"Ugh! Take my semen down your throat Nila!" He sighed as his release crashed inside him, as his member pulsed and spurted a generous load from his cock. Nila, swallowed and swallowed taking his semen down into her stomach, "Enjoy the protein for your breakfast!" He smirked, enjoying his joke as Nila licked and cleaned his rapidly shrinking penis. Nila was well used to his semen, swallowing it now without notice she was beginning to like it in a kind of perverted way but she was less keen on his next demand.
Once, he was clean, The Dom stood up and then walked to his en-suite, Nila immediately followed him. He stood in front of the toilet bowl, and Nila took her place beside it. She took his flaccid penis, his still large in her hand and held it gingerly waiting for the stream of urine to erupt and erupt it did. Nila held it, waiting for him to drain his bladder and then finally she shook it, allowing the final drops to fall into the bowl and then he shifted his feet to face her and then she licked his penis clean.
"I would like a shower, join me" The Dom sighed and waited for Nila to rise and walk over to the wet room section of the en-suite. She stepped into the shower and set it running. The hot water streamed from the out-sized ceiling showerhead and the side shower units, and she turned and awaited her Dom to enter. As he slipped past her, he caressed her left breast and then slipped his hand down to cup her sex. She knew that as soon as he was erect, he would want to use her pussy and possibly her ass.
"Will Sir have visitors today? "Nila asked, trying to push the thought of his unwanted penis into her anus. The Dom sighed,
"I have my two assistants coming for lunch," He smiled.
"I will prepare lunch for them, Sir," Nila replied, but inwardly she was downcast. It would be a hard day for her today if Sir allowed his assistants to use her, as Sir liked to watch them fuck her one at a time and finally together. Her asshole twitched involuntarily as she remembered how they both penetrated her at the same time, one in her pussy, with her on top, and the second penetrated her anus, as Sir filled her mouth with his cock. Nila was expected to entertain Sir's guests whenever they came to the house.
As she soaped his body, she felt his body tense as she washed his lower abdomen, she expected him to turn round, push her up against the wet room wall, kick her legs open and feed himself inside her as he had done so on numerous occasions before.
But he didn't.
Nila was surprised, as she had secretly been rubbing her labia and used a finger to stimulate her juices, to aid his penetration. She put her hand back on his shoulders and resumed soaping him.
"Nila," He sighed, as though a huge weight was about to be lifted, "I will be ending your contract with Human Resources yesterday. You will be transferred to Mr Simons, and you will leave with him, after lunch. Please believe that I am not at all unhappy with your service, but I have decided to leave the country on an extended break, and I cannot take you with me, as the country I am going to does not recognise indentured servitude. I am sorry to see you go, Nila."
Her heart sank. She had been here over a year and began to think her remaining two years would be served out here. She had quickly accommodated his sexual needs and even began to like the man, even if his occasional liberality with her body dismayed her when other men fucked her for their amusement, and he watched them use her and occasionally abuse her. He had always apologised to her the next morning, paid for all her medical and dental expenses, and deposited generously into her redemption fund, which she intended to use to buy herself a life in a non-indentured country and forget her life here.
"I have communicated the transfer of deed and deposited three times your usual yearly redemption," He sighed hoping that it would soften the blow, but knew it was unlikely.
"Thank you, Sir. " Her voice tailed off, as all she could manage to say. The whole atmosphere changed now, now she had but two hours to prepare for her departure.
"I would like to make love to you once more before you go...." His voice tailed off.
"Sir, If I am now to serve Mr Simons, I must remain untouched now. I am sorry, but the rules are very clear." The resignation in her voice was thunderous. She left the wet room and towelled herself dry and went to pack her meagre belongings and await the arrival of her new master.
Part Two Mr Simons
The lunch was quickly over and in the new black saloon touring car, filled with freshly conditioned leather Nila sat in a simple white tunic, wearing her only pair of thong panties, in the front seat as Mr Simons drove them both to his private apartment in the city. Once he had parked his car, in his reserved place in the underground car park. He opened the door for her and led her to the private elevator to his Penthouse apartment. Though no word had been exchanged, Nila felt his eyes upon her the whole time. Once the mirrored elevator door slid open, they stepped into his hallway.
"This will be your home now for the next year," Mr Simons announced and then reached out his hand and led her to the large white sofa, "now strip away your tunic and sit down and spread your legs, I have been waiting a long time for you, Nila. I trust you will always show your devotion to your new master."
Nila adopted the servile position. She pulled away her tunic, held with a simple cord, she untied the laces of her thong and then dropped her haunches, opened her legs to reveal her pussy and placed her hands on her thighs, with palms open.
"I am your servant, Sir. I will serve you in all things. My mind, body and soul are dedicated to you," The words had been drilled into her when she was inducted into Human Resources.
"Then show me.." Mr Paul Simons stood.
Nila dropped onto her knees and reached up to Mr Simons' zipper and pulled it down, looking up at him as she did so, she then undid his suit pants and pulled them down to release his thick cock. He wore no underwear, clearly expecting Nila to fuck him, upon arrival at his apartment. Immediately she kissed and licked his erect member, using her tongue to excite him.
Then Mr Simons revealed a side of his character, she had not expected. Her former master possessed a high sex drive, he would fuck her twice sometimes three times a day in the first month but settled into a more leisurely nightly sex, which suited Nila. But not rough or violent. Mr Simons was to prove to be a different master completely.
"Take my whole cock down your throat and gag on it!" He ordered. Nila saw a sharpness in his eyes as she forced herself down on his member. As she opened her throat, a tear welled up in her eyes, knowing that her time here would be hard.
End of Chapter One.