Lunch time at Horton-Dexter...still dress code omission day...WOOHOO!
Having satisfied herself at her desk Piper Cherry left her fingers wet and fresh of scent. She was just too mischievous at the moment to go wash up. Even faint trickles from her pussy were streaking down the insides of her legs. With so many young ladies wearing short skirts or having their cleavages slyly exposed when the wrong Teachers might be prone to check them out, Piper began to feel less likely to be drooled over. A hint of jealousy rising within her at feeling second fiddle she had to wander.
The halls were sparse of movement, with classes non existent for the most part. While she knew the lunchroom was where a good portion of the students were, she just wanted to prowl. Leaving her heels under her desk she shuffled from hallway to hallway, finally looking out a window onto the school grounds. Students were everywhere sitting in the grass, having their lunch, goofing off, giving blowjobs...
"WHAAAAAT?" Piper chuckled seeing a pair of her cheerleaders actually bold enough to be out there giving head. Hand to her heart she swooned, "I'm so proud of my girls." Piper Cherry just had to enjoy the sunshine. Scurrying toward the turnstile she badged herself out by using her micro thin lanyard she wore around her neck. Ordinarily she wouldn't wear it outside of entering or going home, but during lunchtime it was ever present. Exiting she found multiple students sitting on the stairway ledges leading up to the building. Spotting her old buddy Calvin Knobbs from Detention eating a submarine sandwich she saw him crumple the wrapper and just toss it.
"Hey! No littering. Pick that up." She pointed as the breeze carried it toward her. The group of boys around Calvin laughed at him for having to chase it. "Don't get up...well...get up...you know what I mean." She giggled and chased it for him. Each time she bent over not only did the wrapper roll away but her already impossibly short skirt blew up in back. Bare ass exposed all the way up to the crest of her crack, she shared her gorgeous cunt with anyone looking. Eight boys guaranteed. Three girls sitting with them. Four different times she tried to pluck up the ball of paper before catching it. Standing up she turned and walked toward Calvin's huddle. Every jaw there was down to their feet. "Volunteering to eat this?" She held the paper up but all eyes lowered to her thighs. Peering down she found the breeze hiking her skirt up revealing her pussy. "Not that...this."
"We want that." A boy laughed.
"Are you looking to get Detention Mister?" She winked as Calvin pepped up.
"HOMIE! SAY YES." The boy shrugged not having been privy to Detention yesterday to see Piper nude. It was only a hint. Before he could say anything further Piper walked up to him and shoved the wrapper in his mouth.
"That's my call, not yours Knobby."
"SORWY Miss Cherry." He spoke with his mouth full of both food and paper. "No more littering." She was off. That skirt just would not stay down. She was the talk of that entire dinner table. All good at that. Extra napkins were needed to wipe their chins.
Heading out into the grass toward her cheer dears she spotted Dakota McKellen sitting with her friend Andrea Beckett as she did every day. This time however sweet innocent Dakota was sitting Indian style with a birds-eye view up her dress, it was still unbuttoned too. Next to her Andrea sat with her own dress but with her long legs extended out connected by crossing ankles. While her skirt was short it wasn't dramatic like Dakota's, especially Piper's. Pausing to step up and say hello Piper looked down at Dakota under her shade tree. "Find your missing slingshot?"
"Haven't looked. Let them have it, I'm over it." Dakota sheepishly grinned.
"My baby is all grown up." Piper held her hands to her chest over her heart. Looking to Andrea she points, "Andi right?"
"Yep! Hi Counsellor Cherry."
"Call me Piper. Love your long legs. I bet the boys love them."
"Ohhh yeah! My date book is filled through 2021." She giggled, "I wish. I know I have awesome legs I run track and play volleyball."
"Didn't you used to play volleyball Dakota?"
"Yeah, hated it."
"I see. You know...Andi...you should have tried out for cheerleading. You have the build for tumbling."
"Didn't like the crowd. Prissy bitches."
"Do you go to the football games?" Piper grew devious.
"Sometimes. Why?"
"Well...I'm looking for a few hotties to help out my girls. If I reel them in from being so bitchy would you consider coming out Friday night and being an honorary Swallower?"
"Swallower?" She busted up, Dakota chuckling with her.
"Yep. I'll have a t-shirt ready for you."
"Why are you not asking me?" Dakota felt offended.
"You were at practice last night and showed no interest, even with your sister trying to learn."
"Sable's trying out for cheerleader?" Andi dropped her jaw and hiked her legs up to hug her arms around the knees. Piper saw cute pink panties and smiled. "Ummm? I've seen her try to somersault...it's more tumbleweed."
"Are you any good at cartwheels?"
"Am I any good...watch this." Andrea hops up and doesn't even tug her skirt down. Moving away from them she gets ready to show off her talent. Without any concern over what people thought of her Andrea did a session of three cartwheels, her skirt fanning down over her hips showed her panties for all to see. Once accomplished she heard the cheers of guys and girls alike all around her. Shocked by their approval Andi bulged her eyes at Dakota. "Did I just hear compliments?" They kept on coming.
"Those were well balanced. Come do that Friday with the girls." Piper insisted with a warm smile. Andi bit a nail leering around at a half dozen boys taking notice in her more now than ever.
"I'm in. I'll be there."
"How about you Little Missing Sunshine?" Piper peered down at Dakota.
Squinting against the sun Dakota shook her head, "Pass."
"Come on Dakota!" Andi called out loudly, depressed by her besties attitude. Every guy around them heard her and offered to. Mostly unheard offers but definitely offers.
"Nope! Not my thing."
"It can't be because of Robin Banks. You told me she and Angus broke up." Andi dropped to her knees trying to understand why her friend wasn't more into it. "Guys will go crazy over us."
"They already do. Me at least." Dakota sticks her tongue out at Andi. Piper excusing herself said, "Battle it out bitches." They did. They even wrestled in the grass. Boys? Cell video as always, the fact Dakota was without underwear of any kind brought them even closer. Andrea's legs parting frequently was a highlight as well, her pink thong sinking in between her labia exposed one lip to the world. At least she was being noticed. Another viral escapade awaiting Horton-Dexter. Truthfully, it was good press.
Continuing her journey Piper made it out to her cheerleaders along with a few of her Detention boys. Gavin Ruley leaned against another tree of the five trees on the school grounds. His hand holding the back of cheerleader Naomi Kootz as she sucked him off. To their left in the grass rested Darryl Priest and Octavia. Octavia was merely jerking him off now.
"Well now! What have we here?"
The boys noting her arrival acted out as if panicking hiding their junk. Naomi lifting away wiped her chin looking up with watery eyes from her deep throating.
"Shit! I guess we get Detention, huh?" Gavin knew it was meant to make Piper ponder this afternoon. Smirking at them Piper just plopped down next to the Seniors with a giddy expression.
"Don't let me stop you ladies. I'm just one of the guys. Commence firing." Octavia laughed at her Coach.
"I told you guys she was awesome. You should do a hand stand Piper. I told the guys how awesome you balance."
"Yeah Piper. Show them." Naomi sat up giggling.
"In this dress are you crazy?" Piper used her hand to motion as if feigning a blush. She didn't want the girls to know how easy she was, nor did she necessarily want the boys to get too used to her actions in Detention. Letting a room full of boys jerk off the first time after they stripped her of her dress was a turning point as it was. She had no idea what today's Detention had to offer. Obviously not every day would be as crazy as that, but she was pretty stoked by the thoughts. "Okay! You persuaded me."
With less students around this far over in the yard it seemed like an easy enough thing to achieve. Stepping out in front of them she pointed at all four of them. "Nobody saw this." She then turned her back to the quartet. With her dress having barely any coverage in back that only left her skirt and the tie around her neck. Fanning her fingers while peering over her shoulder at them she giggled. "Here goes." The second she looked forward Naomi and Octavia both grabbed their boyfriends cocks and started jerking them off. This show was for them.
Bending over Piper's ass easily escaped its closure as her hands touched the grass. With careful precision her legs lifted up until pointing her toes straight into the air. Darryl and Gavin both moaned, "Holy fuck." With her skirt dangling over her waist her ass was absolutely perfectly poised.
"Do the splits Piper." Octavia increased her jerking strength over Darryl who was panting under her torment. Naomi joined her, ravaging Gavin's big boy cock as he admired Piper with a look of yearn. Piper balanced tall first then gradually moved her legs apart, lowering each of her legs to her sides until she achieved her goal. Her pussy was gaping wide.
"How long can you hold that pose?" Darryl huffed feeling Octavia's rapid hand thrusts, spitting on him to lube his flesh. Piper held her pose as long as possible, her arms trembling under her weight.
"Never timed myself Darryl. I'll hold on until you boys finish."
Gavin was reacting like a dog in heat, his hips rising at Naomi's assault. Hearing her whisper, "Cum for Piper." He loved this girl. Naomi wanted to forever make her man happy. As if they were a couple. Nice try Naomi, Gavin played more than the football field.
Always trying to top herself Piper carefully walked backwards on her hands toward Gavin and Naomi. Seeing this Darryl motioned Octavia to follow him as he slid on his ass closer to Gavin's side for a better chance to touch Piper should she fall. Back to stroking Darryl hard Octavia enjoyed Piper's bottom too. Her legs wide was so entrancing. Even in jerking Darryl she had to reposition to place a hand under her skirt and massage her clit. She wanted in on the extravaganza.
Gavin was getting close to nutting, his body shaking intensely. "F-F-F-F-Fuck!" Hearing him Piper feigned losing her balance and let her lower half fall toward him until she landed on her knees facing away from him. Her ass was less than a foot and a half from him. Lingering on her hands and knees Piper laughed, her skirt remaining over her back. With her pussy right in front of him, Naomi saw how much Gavin wanted Piper. Encouraging him closer while maintaining her hand rhythm Gavin scooted in the grass within a foot from her. Naomi felt him spasm and fire his load. Spitting like a missile his jizz shot on to Piper's butt.
"YOU DIDN'T?" Piper sat up quickly and looked over her shoulder in awe, then reached her hand back to wipe his creamy wetness on her fingers. Looking at her hand she winced, "Oh, now that is definitely Detention Buster."
"Sorry Piper. I couldn't resist."
"I'll take the blame." Naomi giggled, "I made him get closer. You know you loved it."
"My secret is out. Shhhhh!" She replied putting her wet finger to her lip getting it damp, "Oops!" She then leaned to Gavin's left and wiped his jizz on Naomi's leg. "Here's your man back." They busted up laughing.
Next to them Darryl was mumbling, "Work it bitch." He was getting very close himself. Eying his beast in Octavia's tiring hand Piper looked around and saw people looking their direction with a bit too much interest. They were a tad too exposed now. She even rolled her skirt back down over her ass And shifted to sit with her back to the audience, trying her best to block Darryl and Octavia. Seeing Darryl struggling slightly Piper scooted closer to him.
"Oh, you meant Octavia." She giggled.
"Fuck you Piper." Octavia laughed her hand slowing, "Dammit Darryl! Cum already." She peered over her brow at Piper as if seeking assistance.
"Don't look at me. I'm not touching that thing." Piper expressed a queer look then winked at Darryl. "That's above my pay grade. Bad enough Gavin milked me for all he's worth."
"Darrrrrryyyyllll!" Octavia kicked her foot on the ground, her fingers forced to abandon her clit to switch hands just to keep Darryl happy.
"Oh for God's sake Darryl." Piper scowled and looked over her shoulder at those watching. The show was drawing way too much attention. It was just too obvious what was going on. Growling she just scoots one move forward, stretching her legs out in front of her. Extending her toes she nudges his scrotum slightly. "Only help you get Octavia. Finish your beau."
"I'm trying bitch."
"FUCK ME!" Piper's unique stress word made Darryl pep up. God, he wanted to. Finally. she just puts her foot directly over Darryl's urethra lightly curling her toes around the crown. "If that doesn't help I'm done. Lunch has to be about over."
"You can do it baby." Octavia coaxed him. Gavin and Naomi snuggling to his left offered their own verbal assist.
"Dude! Cum on her toes."
"Risky guys. There's a lot of people looking." Naomi grit her teeth, "They know something's up."
"Like Darryl's pecker." Gavin chuckled. "Piper you are one crazy bitch."
"Come on Darryl." Piper whispered, "You can do it." She knew he could having experienced him share his ejaculation talents in Detention just yesterday. "How much more do you need? I feel like I'm performing in Dancing with the Stares." Yes her audience was staring.
"S-s-show me..." He huffed looking directly between her legs.
"Only if Octavia shows hers."
"Shit!" Octavia just lifts up long enough to tug her skirt higher. In doing so Darryl moves his left hand down and fingers Octavia. In response Piper doesn't even look behind her as she hikes her skirt up in front and slowly guides her left leg wider until all four of them could see her pussy again. It took Piper's fingers to rub her own clit to finally get Darryl to detonate all over her toes, Octavia's knuckles flooded with white. "ABOUT TIME! Dammit Darryl. I don't have circulation in my hand anymore. I won't even be able to lift my pompoms Friday."
"Lick her toes." Darryl prompted Octavia who bulged her eyes at him.
"Say what?"
"Do it." Darryl pleaded, Gavin knowing the effect that might cause for Piper. "For me."
Piper joined her with saucer like eyes knowing just how weak she would become if her toes were sucked on. Saved by the bell lunch was over before Octavia could even drink his milk. Applause from a distance made Piper turn sideways and wave. Waves back led to students acting as if they were zipping their lips. "Good to know." She called back sharing a thumbs up. "Let's wrap this up guys. Nobody brags. Understood?"
"Always faithful to one of our own Piper." Naomi pepped up, "You're loved by everybody so relax. Even those guys who saw us. We band together here at Horton-Dexter."
"Awww! Listen, I don't care what any of you do, just have fun doing it. Oh, I ordered your new uniforms. Should be ready Friday morning, I'll have Mace go pick them up and bring them to school so I can pass them out before game time. I'm recruiting more girls because we're going to break all the rules."
"Wait! Who's Mace?" Darryl zipped up and asked.
"Nobody." Octavia spoke up quickly with worried eyes, having had sex with Mace in Piper's home. "He's Piper's nephew."
"Oh! Okay cool."
Piper noted her eyes and winced, "Now what was that about?"
"Gotta go potty." Octavia hopped to her feet and took off running, everyone standing up to head back into the school. Piper just had that nagging suspicion as they walked back to the turnstile. Freezing in step she sighs in thought.
"She's not the only one pissy. Dammit Mace."
Yep! Octavia cheated on Darryl. Not that it mattered, Darryl was doing the same as often as he could. Relationship's were overrated anyway.
"Keep this up Mace I'm going to put a nail in your coffin."
Looking down at her cum coated toenails Piper had to laugh.
"Foot up his ass at least."