A primal scream echoed through the jungle.
Dani D'Annunzio was weak in the knees. Even with everything she'd been put through over the previous twenty-four hours, this was too much. Her stomach was churning, and had it not been for the support of Gabriel Benitez Serrano, she might have collapsed there, in the dirt. Only now, as the yips and whines dissipated into the Bolivian night, did Dani truly understand what was being asked of her, what these people expected her to do.
It made her sick.
She turned, disgusted by the scene that had unfolded before her, disgusted in herself, and pushed her way through the crowd of gathered Huaca. Benitez was behind her, calling to her, telling her to slow down. But Dani simply needed to get away. She found open space beyond the far edge of the clustered little huts, but stumbled over her own feet and fell to her knees. Tears streaming down her face, she threw up the rice, the fish, the fresh fruit, and the fermented carambola juice she'd feasted on earlier in the night.
Naked, save for a lacy pair of red panties and a ridiculous set of ankle-laced espadrilles, Dani held herself up on all fours, her breasts exposed and dangling beneath her torso. Benitez came up from behind her, crouched down, and without thinking, touched her naked back to see if she was okay. "Do you want some water?" he asked.
Dani shook her head. She didn't want anything from him. She didn't want anything from any of them. She just wanted to be far, far away from here.
A necklace of alternating jaguar teeth and silver beads hung around her neck. Her hair had been done up to perfection by one of the girls in town, laced with strands of sapumpa fern from the jungle. Even in her present state, wiping that night's dinner from her lips and weeping all the while, Dani was a sight to behold. Dark, Mediterranean skin, deep brown eyes, full lips, and an even fuller chest, the girl was accustomed to being the center of attention, the object of desire for men in Bolivia, Honduras, or back in rural Vermont. She was twenty-four years old and blessed with the sort of figure that might've landed her on pages of a lingerie catalog -- thin, five-foot-ten, and completely toned. She was a vision.
No one but Benitez was paying her any attention, however. Not Tutakuru. Not Taksa Kuchu. Not Uturunku or Qaray Puka. They were fixated on the river here in the little village of Aya Pampa, the entire population gathered to watch the flesh sacrifice to the goddess Sipusiki.
In the distance, Dani could still hear Summer Monroe screaming out in sexual pleasure over the chanting crowd. Her cries were increasing in intensity, and it was clear to everyone present that she was about to crest.
"I can't," Dani cried to Benitez, staring blankly ahead. "I can't. I can't do this."
"Ssshhh," Benitez soothed her. "That's okay. I understand. She'll understand, too."
Dani sobbed loudly. "I just can't..."
Summer screamed behind her one last time, and the crowd erupted in cheers and jubilation. She had reached her climax. She had cum. And the village of Aya Pampa had pleased Sipusiki once more.
***
Dani had been on the big yellow school bus from Rurrenabaque for the better part of the past two days. A trip that might have taken about eight hours during the dry season had cost Dani thirty-nine to that point. They'd back-tracked more times than she could remember after repeatedly finding parts of the so-called highway washed out. She'd slept on the bus the night before as they waited for the sunrise in order to clear away fallen branches blocking their way. And they'd enlisted the help of a local campesino and his tractor after getting trapped in a mud puddle four-feet-deep earlier that afternoon.
The bus was half-empty already, and Dani felt real heartache for her fellow passengers who were continuing on to Riberalta or Guayaramerin. Travel in the yungas this time of a year was not for the impatient, and riding on a badly aged American school bus with most of the padding stripped from the seats was not exactly an easy ride in even the best of times. The shocks were gone, the engine was less than reliable, and glass was missing from half of the windows, making the not-infrequent rainstorms an absolute pleasure.
But Dani was here, at last. San Eduardo. Capital of the Valle de los Reyes. Jumping-off point for destinations further down the Rio San Clemente and the Rio de los Reyes both. Trading post for Benianos, rural campesinos, and Huaca Indians alike. San Eduardo was no sprawling metropolis, but it was the biggest little town that Dani had seen since leaving Rurrenabaque the previous morning. There looked to be a handful of small storefronts, a run-down old Catholic church, and a handful other non-descript buildings erected out of cinderblocks and corrugated tin. And, at the far end of "town," recessed into the jungle, was the Oveja Negra.
Dani gathered her backpack, and began bidding goodbye to the people she'd gotten to know over the past two days. The brothers Koque and Juan. Señora Orteguilla and her two little girls. The bus driver, Arturo, who still had a long, long journey ahead of him. None of them were getting off with her in San Eduardo. And none of them had expressed anything more than a passing disinterest in the work she had come to do with the Indians living here in the Oriente.
From how Dani understood it, this wasn't an uncommon reaction when it came to the Huaca. Even at the height of their power, the Inca had been more or less content to call the Andes home and leave the lowland tribes to the East to themselves. The Spanish and Portuguese had carved South America into colonies and countries, but the Huaca continued to cross back and forth between Bolivia and Brazil for generations with little heed to the borders imposed upon them. They sat out the War for Independence, the War of the Pacific, and the numerous little cocaine wars that enveloped the rest of the country. Overlooked and undisturbed, the Huaca continued to carry on in the very same fashion as their ancestors had, slipping through the cracks of history.
And yet, these were a people who'd almost been wiped out -- not by any sort of external factor, but because of they had suffered from a low birthrate for almost a full decade. The cause was still a bit of a mystery to Dani, but from how she understood it, the work shouldered by the Huaca Public Health and Fertility Initiative -- "La Iniciativa" - had helped turned things around. After two years of leading a frustratingly ineffectual public health campaign of her own in Eastern Honduras, Dani was looking to finally make an impact, and it seemed as if Summer Monroe's non-profit might just allow her to have that opportunity.
For twenty-six months, Daniella D'Annunzio had given talks and speeches throughout the Gracias a Dios department as a Peace Corps volunteer in Honduras, doing her best to help improve the lives of the Kwirku people living in the pine savannahs. Filter your water. Wear shoes. Don't dump waste upstream from where you get your drinking water. Twenty-six months later, Dani was not really sure about what, exactly, she had accomplished. The Kwirku humored her while she was among them, but went back to their same ways the moment she turned her back. Disappointed, and more than a little jaded about wasting two years of her life, Dani wasn't ready to return to Vermont just yet; not without doing something, anything, to help those people less fortunate than she.
A friend of a friend of a friend had heard about an opportunity opening up in Eastern Bolivia with the Huaca Public Health and Fertility Initiative. The head of La Iniciativa was a research professor at the Universidad de La Paz, an American biologist by the name of Summer Monroe. A Rhode Island native who'd moved down to Bolivia years earlier, Summer spent her autumns and winters on campus at the university, and her springs and summers in the Oriente traveling from one little Huaca village to the next. Summer and Dani wrote each other back and forth as Dani's Peace Corps service was coming to a close. And Summer offered the girl the chance to come down to South America, see the sort of fertility work she was doing with the Huaca, and maybe, possibly, help La Iniciativa cover more ground that coming spring.
Arturo and the yellow school bus sputtered out of town, leaving black plumes of smoke in their wake. It was getting close to ten o'clock, and Dani wasn't sure how much further the driver intended to go, but he had apparently decided to keep on going while the roads were clear. Dani followed the smell of fumes down the street to the Oveja.
Dani worried about being disheveled and underdressed as she walked into the little bar. She was wearing a heather-gray tank top, flip-flops, and a tight-fitting pair of jeans she'd first put on the previous morning. As she stepped in out of the night, she discovered that she shouldn't have worried -- the Oveja Negra wasn't exactly like one of clubs she'd attended while going to school in Manhattan. It was almost all men -- men drinking cervezas, men knocking back shots of liquor, men laughing and joking with one another. Most of them were dressed similarly to Dani herself -- jeans, open shirts, and even the occasional straw cowboy hat. There were a handful of girls scattered about, but none of them looked anything like Daniella, for whom heads turned as she entered the bar.
The fact that conversation quieted unnerved the girl a little.
Confirming that none of the women currently present in the bar looked like a blonde American expatriate, she pushed ahead and saddled up to the bar. She made eye contact with one of the two bartenders -- a tall, overweight young man holding court in front of a handful of other men. "Estoy buscando a Summer Monroe," Dani explained. "I'm looking for Summer Monroe."
The bartender nodded. But instead of replying to Dani, he glanced towards one of the men who were seated at the bar. And, if Summer stood out in San Eduardo like a sore thumb, so too did Gabriel Benitez Serrano. Cleaner than the rest of the Oveja Negra's patrons, Benitez also had a distinctly Western look that set him apart from the Indians, mestizos, and Afro-Bolivians that Dani had surrounded herself with since setting down in La Paz. Strong cheekbones, Caucasian features, and a thick head of curly hair that was somewhere between dirty-blonde and light brown. Perfect teeth, perfect smile, and a presence about him that suggested he wasn't just another campesino, Benitez looked to be in his late thirties, maybe even early forties. He stood and offered his hand to the girl.
"Gabriel Benitez Serrano," he introduced. He continued in Spanish, "I'm a friend of Summer's. I work with her on La Iniciativa. We've been expecting you."
Dani smiled and shook the man's hand. After two years in Honduras, she was fluent in Spanish. She had some proficiency with Kwirku, as well, but she was skeptical that anyone in the Oveja that night happened to be a Honduran national. "Daniella D'Annunzio."
"We were starting to get a little worried," Benitez continued. Reaching for her backpack, he instructed her, "Here, let's give this to Chuy." After she'd slid it off her shoulders and over the bar, Benitez gestured towards the closer of the two bartenders. "Daniella D'Annunzio, Jesus Zerbino. Jesus Zerbino, Daniella D'Annunzio."
"Dani," the girl instructed them both as she shook the bartender's sweaty hand.
"Chuy," the bartender offered in return.
"His brother, Alberto," Benitez said, and then shouted, "Beto!" The other bartender waved at Dani, and she dutifully waved back.
"So you touched down in La Paz, what, three days ago?" Benitez asked.
Dani shook her head. "Four. I had to fly from Tegucigalpa to Costa Rica, and then from Costa Rica to La Paz. So I did Saturday night in La Paz, and then it was Route 3 to Yacuma and Route 2 up Rurrenabaque that next day. I did Sunday night there, and then Monday night on the bus out somewhere around El Triunfo."
Benitez winced, and looked at his watch. "And it's only another two hours until Wednesday." Shaking his head, he glanced up at Chuy. "A drink for our world traveler here."
A part of Dani just wanted to meet Summer, and then collapse into bed. But after the two-day bus ride from Rurrenabaque, the thought of a drink actually sounded pretty good.
"A Paceña, please," Dani told the bartender, asking for the same local beer she'd had upon arrival in La Paz.
"No, no, no," Benitez cried. He thought better of his objections, though, and shrugged. "Fine, fine. Get the girl a Paceña," he instructed the bartender. But, turning to Dani herself, Benitez told her, "This is Bolivia. And the Oriente. You need to start with chicha qullisara."
"Alright, alright," Dani relented. Having no idea exactly what it was she was ordering, she nonetheless called out to Chuy, "Chicha qullisara, please."
"And the Paceña," Benitez added, "to wash it down."
As Chuy pulled a bottle from beneath the bar, Benitez apologized for the long journey to San Eduardo. "We're not exactly a well-funded organization. And even if we were, there aren't a lot of non-stops to the Valle de los Reyes." He ran his hand through his thick head of hair. "The closest real airstrip from here is probably down in La Santisima Trinidad. You're on the frontier now."
Dani laughed politely. It had certainly taken her long enough to get here to confirm that fact. "And we still have a ways to go, right?"
"We still have a ways to go," Benitez confirmed. "San Eduardo's more or less a stop-over point. There aren't a lot of roads that lead in and out of Huaca country. Let's get a little booze in you and send you to bed -- I think Summer's plan is get out of here crack of dawn tomorrow for Aya Pampa."
"Sounds good," Dani replied, not even really sure of what she was supposed to be doing for La Iniciativa. Summer had been pretty vague on the day-to-day.
Chuy placed a small tumbler of sour-smelling purple liquor down on the bar in front of Dani, and alongside it Dani's more recognizable Paceña. Dani reached for the liquor first, but Benitez grabbed it out from under her. "Nuh-uh," he scolded her. Tilting the glass just slightly, so that a drop fell to the floor, he toasted, "To Sipusiki. The Huaca earth goddess."
"To Sipusiki," Dani repeated, and took the tumbler from the man. Without waiting a second longer, she knocked back the shot of liquor. Her throat burned, but it was a good burn. She couldn't place the taste -- not vodka, exactly, but similar. A different consistency. And a more powerful punch.
As Dani washed back the chicha with her beer, Benitez talked. "I'm a doctor down in Trinidad. General practice. A real doctor, none of Dr. Monroe's frogs and lizards and such. People."
The girl understood. Summer had been an amphibian biologist in the States, and had continued down that path at the Universidad de La Paz. Falls and winters, she was all frogs. Springs and summers, it was on to people.
"How'd you end up here?" Dani asked.
Benitez smiled now. "What? I don't look like a Bolivian?"
Dani glanced around the room, and shook her head.
"Argentina," he answered. "I'm from Argentina. I came up here about ten years ago. Same sort of do-gooder, help others type bullshit that you're here for."
Dani frowned a little, but it was clear that Benitez was just teasing her. He'd stayed, after all, on that same crusade.
"I met Summer a few years back, learned about the work she was doing, and saw it as my opportunity to get in and visit the Huaca. She goes in on the fertility thing, and I get to go with her and ply my trade."
Dani nodded. "So, the 'fertility thing'...?"
"Nuh-uh," Benitez answered. "That's for Summer to talk to you about. You're not the first girl who's been out here for La Iniciativa."
The brunette was a bit concerned by that particular comment, but said nothing. Instead, she took another sip of the beer.
"In fact," Benitez grimaced, as if all the fun had come to a crashing halt, "why I don't I bring you up. We've got an early start tomorrow, so she's probably going to need to run through with you why she brought you all the way out here. You can bring the beer."
***
Dani lay in the dark, unable to fall asleep. She was on a twin mattress, on the floor, and facing a cement wall. Her back turned to the two other women with whom she was sharing the room, Summer Monroe and Taksa Kuchu Carrera apparently sleeping peacefully together in the room's one queen-sized bed. Though Dani hadn't wanted to even be in the same room as the older woman, given what she'd just told her, her options had been limited. The Oveja Negra really only had the two rooms for rent, and Benitez was in the other; Dani had no more interest in making eye contact with the Argentine doctor than she did with the American biologist.
Dani was not, as Benitez had told her, the first girl to be recruited by La Iniciativa. She was not even the first who had come as far as San Eduardo to learn Summer Monroe's dark secret; there had been a German girl that Benitez and Summer had lured out to the Oveja just a year earlier. But it had been Summer's hope that if she could get Dani to come with her on just one trip to a Huaca village, she might be able to convince her to stay.
"We're doing good things here," Summer had insisted. "You don't even need to commit to anything. Just come to Aya Pampa with me tomorrow."
But Dani had refused. Tomorrow morning, at first light, she'd be on the first mini-bus heading back to La Paz. Benitez had already lined it up for her with one of the drivers downstairs in the bar. She wanted no part of what Summer was doing, and she certainly wasn't going to play the role that Summer had envisioned.
Dani wasn't sure what she'd been expecting of Summer Monroe, but her jaw nearly dropped when she first caught sight of the woman. Dani was capable of turning heads in a bar, but Summer was on a whole other level. She was like a movie star, transplanted to the far ends of the Earth. Blonde hair, blue eyes, and an ageless beauty that any woman would have aspired to. Dani couldn't even place how old she was. Thirties? Forties? Gun to her head, she might have guessed forty, but Dani knew for a fact that this would have been impossible; Summer had been in Bolivia for almost two decades now. The woman was just gorgeous.
She'd been reading in bed when Benitez had knocked on the door, and perhaps Dani's first sign that something was wrong with all this should have been the fact that Summer had answered the door wearing nothing more than a soft pink camisole and a matching pair of boyshort-cut panties. Even more bizarre, however, was the fact that Benitez didn't bat an eye, or that Summer herself made no attempt to cover up or apologize for her state of undress as Dani and Benitez stepped into the room.
Summer wasn't alone, either -- Dani was politely introduced to a Huaca girl about her own age named Taksa Kuchu. The girl was no more dressed than the older woman, wearing a simple, but low-cut, cotton slip. As with Summer, Benitez didn't react as if any of this was at all odd, that it wasn't a bit weird that the two of them had just walked in on some sort of lingerie party. Taksa Kuchu, Summer explained, was a votary of the Huaca earth goddess, known throughout the valley as "Sipusiki." She was a priestess in the Temple of Sipusiki, in the city of Yapamantataq, but had been accompanying Summer on her mission for the past few years.
They made pleasant small talk, and Summer asked about Dani's trip. Once Dani had downed her first beer uncomfortably, Summer sent Benitez downstairs to fetch her another. She showed the girl where she'd be sleeping that night; with only two rooms for rent in the Oveja, it was girls here, boys across the hall. There was no running water on the second floor; if Dani wanted to take a shower the following morning -- and she did -- she'd have to use the outdoor shower behind the bar. Once Benitez had returned, and Dani had taken a few more sips of her beer, Summer gathered her courage and dropped the bombshell.
Summer had come down to Bolivia years earlier to study to study a particular amphibian hormone found only here in the Valle de los Reyes. She'd been sent by Ambrosia Pharmaceuticals - which had since been acquired by Connecticut Pharmaceuticals - along with two other colleagues and a translator they'd picked up in La Paz. One of the other researchers had had some sort of accident while off exploring some little Huaca village called Hanan Pacha, and the only way that the chief would let Summer's other colleague take the village's truck and drive the wounded man to the hospital was if Summer herself agreed to stay in the village as collateral. So Summer had stayed.
But the Huaca took everything from her. Shoes, clothes, everything. They staked her to the ground like she was some sort of livestock. They treated her well, otherwise -- they kept her well-fed, they talked to her, they taught her some quick vocabulary. She got to know them as human beings, got to understand their lives, got to really feel for them. For three days, Summer had been a part of the village, had witnessed the rhythm of daily Huaca life. And it slowly began to dawn on her that there weren't any children -- one or two, maybe, but no more than that.
There was a curse, the Huaca had explained. The goddess Sipusiki had put a curse on the people, and it had torn apart the Huaca way of life. Young people weren't getting married. They weren't sleeping together. They weren't having children. It had become self-fulfilling: the Huaca believed they weren't capable of reproducing, so they stopped trying. An entire people was on the verge of being wiped out of existence because of a closely-held superstition.
But that's where Summer came in. She was to be offered to Sipusiki as a flesh sacrifice. There was a ceremony -- t'ojsiy -- typically performed on animals during the spring blossom festival. Simulating the union of the sun, Taytaku, with the Earth, Sipusiki, and the resulting birth of the first Huaca man, the elders of Hanan Pacha had performed the rite on Summer. And they'd done so with her permission. Naked and bound on an altar over the village, Summer had been "entered" by a sacred dildo and fucked to orgasm. Her release signaled the end of the curse upon Hanan Pacha. Curse or no, superstition or not, Summer's act of sacrifice allowed the Huaca peace of mind enough to begin sleeping with one another once more, and children followed.
But Summer's good deed for the people of Hanan Pacha hadn't gone unnoticed by other Huaca villages throughout the Valle de los Reyes. Supplicants from Uca Pacha, Sumaq Wasi, Yapamantataq, and other Huaca communities began showing up at Summer's camp, begging that she come help them lift the curse, as well. And while Summer may not have believed in the curse itself, she believed in the heartache that these people were suffering, and she reluctantly began to submit herself to their rites and rituals. Instead of returning home with her company, she stayed on in Bolivia, and was invited back into the same villages the following year. She became a part of the Huaca cosmology, offering herself to Sipusiki again and again, from village to village, year after year after year. She was no longer some sort of sacrificial livestock -- she had transcended into some sort of fertility goddess.
Dani gritted her teeth in bed, remembering how Summer had lit up as she told the story. She was horrified by what the biologist had done, taking advantage of these people to declare herself a deity. It was almost as disgusting as what the Huaca were doing to Summer themselves.
But there were more villages in the Valle de los Reyes than Summer had time for each season. And, at some point over the years, the Huaca had decided that sacrificing one of their own simply wasn't going to do. There were communities that Summer was skipping over year after year, far-off villages that she simply couldn't make it to. She founded La Iniciativa with the hope of recruiting help, but interest in playing the part of sacrifice in an Indian sex ritual was as weak as one might have expected. She'd been turned down by a dozen different girls over the past few years, and the one graduate student at the Universidad de La Paz who'd accepted had gone native in one of the villages over the border in Brazil after a single season.
Summer knew that the likelihood was that Dani, too, would turn her down. This had become Summer's burden to bear. But she, and Taksa Kuchu, and Gabriel Benitez Serrano, had hoped that Dani might come with them just once, that she might be willing to at least witness the work that Summer was doing, witness that hope that she was instilling in these people. And that's all that Summer was asking her at that time, all that Summer wanted of her for now -- to come with her to Aya Pampa, to meet the Huaca Indians there, to see the t'ojsiy and decide for herself.
They had argued. Dani had cried. Benitez had taken his turn in trying to convince the American girl. As ineffectual as she had been in Honduras, the Kwirku had never asked her to give this much of herself. The town generators went out at eleven, and Dani continued to yell and cry by candlelight. Summer could see that Dani wouldn't be pushed into accompanying them into the jungle, and given that they all had to be up early the following morning, suggested they just get some sleep. They could part ways tomorrow.
And so Dani had curled into a ball on her mattress, still fully dressed in her jeans and tank-top. But she hadn't been able to sleep.
It had taken four days for her to get here. Four days. For this? The whole trip had been an unbelievable waste of time. Just like her stint in the Peace Corps, she was leaving without accomplishing anything of substance, disgusted with La Iniciativa and kicking herself for not pushing for more details in her correspondence with Summer Monroe. Four days. Four days! The whole thing had been a waste.
Dani wiped a tear from her eye. She'd be leaving in the morning. San Eduardo to Rurrenabaque. Rurrenabaque to La Paz. La Paz to New York. New York to Vermont. It was all probably for the best, she told herself. She hadn't seen her mother since Christmas. And it was probably time to get on with her life, to get a real job, to settle down somewhere. When she'd gotten out of school, she'd wanted to change to world, she'd wanted to make a difference. But it simply wasn't to be.
She thought back to what Benitez had told her in the bar room downstairs. He, like her, had come to Bolivia with dreams of doing good, of helping the Huaca. He had teased her about it, but he might well have been teasing himself. And yet, he had found a way to help. The Huaca had never let him into their villages, not until he'd partnered up with Summer. He was testing drinking water. He was delivering babies. He was administering vaccines. He was making an impact.
Maybe, Dani told herself. Maybe Benitez might need her help. Maybe an opportunity could still come out of this. Maybe she didn't have to go home just yet.
Could she do what Summer was asking of her? No. No, of course not. But she could accompany the threesome to Aya Pampa. She could meet the Huaca. She could see their way of life. It seemed a waste to have come this far, and not at least do that. There was no rush to get back to Vermont, no rush to return home.
"I'll come," she offered softly to the darkened room. "I'll come with you. But that's it."
Dani hadn't been sure that either of the other women was still awake, that either of them would hear her decision. But, from the bed, in English, Summer answered.
"Good."
***
There was a catch, however.
"No," Dani said emphatically, shaking her head. "No. No, no, no, no, no."
She'd emerged from the shower out behind the bar, wrapped in one of the well-worn grey towels Summer had provided her with. There was no bathroom upstairs in the Oveja itself, and what little running water there was in the bar was limited to the barroom. Out back, there was a pair of outhouses, as well as an outdoor shower screened off by a series of overlapping fences. Though there were two showerheads on opposite ends of the stall, Taksa Kuchu and Summer had thankfully given the girl her privacy, a privacy that Summer quickly undermined by how she was asking Dani to dress.
Dani was standing in the center of the girls' room, upstairs in the Oveja, still dressed in nothing more than the towel. She'd pulled a long, ankle-length skirt from her backpack, fully intending to wear it on the trip out to Aya Pampa. Summer, apparently, had other ideas.
"You're not going to be the only one," Summer insisted. "Taksa Kuchu. Me. About half the other women in the village. You'll be fine."
"No," Dani repeated. "I said I'd come with you. I'm coming. But I can't go like that."
As part of the t'ojsiy ritual, Summer fully intended to walk into Aya Pampa completely naked. It was her part to play -- from the moment she arrived to the moment she left, she'd be completely nude. Taksa Kuchu wouldn't be much more dressed. As a priestess of Sipusiki, and a representative of the temple in Yapamantataq, she'd be wearing the habit of her sisterhood. Unfortunately, this consisted of nothing more than an ankle-length loincloth, reminiscent, in Dani's mind, of the lower half of Princess Leia's golden bikini from "Return of the Jedi." She'd be topless, which was exactly how Summer wanted Dani to present herself to the village of Aya Pampa.
There was a gentle rapping at the door, but Benitez pushed his way in without bothering to wait for permission. "Everything okay?"
Dani clutched her towel closer to her body. Nodding towards Summer, she complained, "She wants me to wear my underwear out to that village."
Benitez's expression was blank. He asked, "Do you have a bathing suit or something?"
He was missing the point. Dani, exasperated, clutched her forehead with her right hand as she clung to the towel with her left. "I'm not going like that. I'm not going if that's how it has to be."
"Carlo's already gone with the minibus," Benitez answered unsympathetically.
"You're not going to be any less dressed than Taksa Kuchu or me," Summer offered.
"So if half the women in the village are going bare-chested, that means that half of them aren't!"
"Yes, but they're Huaca women. They're not trying to ingratiate themselves with the locals. They're not trying to fit in with the old ways."
"I think with everything you're doing for these people, they can make some accommodations on our part." Dani growled. "I don't want to be naked in front of all those people."
"You're not going to be naked," Summer replied.
"Fine, whatever. Topless, then. In front of a whole village of strangers. In front of you, and Taksa Kuchu and Gabriel."
Benitez coughed. "You know that I'm a doctor, right?"
"You're not my doctor!"
"Right, but I've seen women's breasts before."
"You haven't seen mine!"
The old traditions of the Huaca people, to which Summer had referred, were enforced intermittently and without uniform throughout the valley. In the years before Pizarro and the Spanish, it hadn't been uncommon for the Huaca -- men and women -- to live their lives completely in the nude. Loincloths had become fairly standard over the centuries, but bare-breasted women were a fairly regular sight in the villages. The Indians knew that they needed to cover up when coming into town to trade with the Benianos, and a good percentage of Huaca women carried the fashion back to their homes. But everything that Summer was doing was steeped in tradition, and if she were going to sacrifice herself for the Huaca people, the least she expected of Dani was to do no harm, to not damage the relationship she had with the village of Aya Pampa.
Summer and Benitez made eye contact, and Summer knew that she had to soothe the young girl. She'd just dumped a tremendous amount on her, and to her credit, Dani did seem willing to at least come with them to Aya Pampa. That alone was more than she'd gotten out of the previous girl.
"Ssshhh," Summer hushed the brunette. "Okay, okay. Taksa Kuchu and I are going to wear clothes up to the meeting point. So you don't need to worry about Chuy or Beto, or driving out of San Eduardo like that. Once we're there, though, we're going to be hiking up to Aya Pampa with one of the elders, and probably a few of the other villagers, so you are going to need to undress, whether that's down to your underwear or --" she glanced at Benitez, "- or if that's a bathing suit or something like that. I'm okay with you wearing a top, and I'm sure Taksa Kuchu is okay with you wearing a top. But there might be objections from the Huaca."
Dani ground her teeth. "I'm not going to wear my underwear around that village."
Summer looked to Taksa Kuchu, who had laid her loincloth out on the bed. "Would you feel more comfortable in something like that? Something more traditional?"
Dani wanted to cry. Again. She looked at her dress, laying atop her backpack, and thought back to training she'd received in the Peace Corps. They'd been instructed to keep from ruffling too many feathers, too keep from offending any local customs as much as possible. Among the Kwirku, women didn't wear shorts, women didn't wear pants. Toplessness was not unheard of, but the bigger cultural no-no was exposing one's thighs. And so Dani, for more than two years, had gotten up and dressed herself in long, flowing skirts and dresses. She'd ordered them from the States, picked them up in Teguz, or bought them locally, but Dani complied with local customs. And when it came right down to it, was what Summer was asking of her any different?
"Fine," she relented, caving to Summer's wishes for the second time. She looked to Benitez. "I only have a one-piece, though."
Benitez grimaced. "I think the underwear's probably the way to go, then."
Dani considered the loincloth. The habit, such as it was, consisted of no more than a front panel and a back panel hung from a waistband -- nothing in between them. She picked it up, and handled the rough, animal-skin material between her fingertips. Looking to Summer, she asked, "Can I wear something under this?"
The look exchanged between Summer and Benitez evidenced that neither was particularly happy about such an arrangement, but Summer seemed to shrug. "A thong, maybe," she offered Dani. "Nothing too obvious."
Dani nodded. A thong underneath the loincloth. A bra, so long as it could pass muster with Aya Pampa's village elders. Small victories, the girl told herself.
And so the group set off for the swamps to the north of San Eduardo. Benitez and Summer had decided upon Aya Pampa first because it was relatively close by; should Dani have been running any later in getting in from La Paz, Chuy could have watched over her at the Oveja until the principals of La Iniciativa returned. It was a good three hour drive on muddy roads in Benitez's aging Land Cruiser, and then another four or five hours of hiking through the swamps before they'd arrive at Aya Pampa. But among the stops that Summer would be making over the next few weeks, the village was a relative hop, skip, and a jump from San Eduardo.
Dani rode in the front seat with Benitez, while Summer and Taksa Kuchu rode in the back. All three women were fully dressed -- Dani in her long, flowing skirt and another simple tank top she'd fished from her backpack. She hadn't packed much, but then, what exactly did she need to bring? She had her camera, but doubted very much that she'd have any interest in showing off pictures of herself frittering about in the Huaca village in nothing more than her bra and a loincloth. On that front, she'd fished through all her things before finding anything she'd want Summer or Benitez or any of the Huaca to see her in, passing over the more well-worn and utilitarian cotton panties in favor of the black lace thong she had on now, and red one that had been stuffed deep into the pack Benitez planned on shouldering for all four of them. Benitez himself had medication, and toothbrushes, and soap, and everything else Dani might have wanted, as well as her passport and visa.
They chatted along the trip, and Dani got to know her traveling companions better that morning than she'd gotten a chance to the night before. Benitez was, indeed, in his early forties, and had been married when he was younger. Jocular and gregarious, there was something about him that put Dani immediately at ease. Summer, meanwhile, was nowhere near the monster that Dani had thought she was the night before, or the bitch she'd been that morning as they'd fought over the dress code. Smart, confident, and entirely at ease with herself, Summer oozed a sort of grown-up sexual allure. And Taksa Kuchu, who had been relatively quiet to that point, revealed herself to be bubbly and talkative, pumping Dani full of questions about growing up in the Green Mountains, about NYU, and about Honduras, all in heavily-accented pidgin Spanish. The girl had grown up here in the Oriente, and had never even been as far west as Rurrenabaque, so she knew little of life beyond the Valle de los Reyes.
Dani had no clue how Benitez knew where he was going. He turned down nondescript dirt road after nondescript dirt road, with no street signs or discernible landmarks that Dani could see. It was, as expected, slow-going at times, including a fifteen-minute-long cloudburst that sent gallons of water cascading down upon them. But, as they moved past the three-hour point, Benitez's speed began to slow, and he began to more actively scan the sides of the road for signs that he was getting closer. And, in the middle of a stretch of jungle no different than the stretches of jungle they'd already passed through, the Land Cruiser came to a stop.
"We're here," he announced.
"How can you tell?" Dani asked.
Benitez grinned. "Because our escort is here waiting for us."
Dani didn't see anyone. She searched the horizon, looking for any sign of life. And only when they began to walk towards the SUV did Dani finally pick them out -- a group of seven Indian men, all but one of them young and muscular-looking. Like Summer herself, the Huaca were not what Dani had expected. In her mind's eye, she had envisioned them as a small, backwards-looking tribe of pygmies, with reeds and bones poking through their noses. Instead, they were tall -- though maybe not as tall as Dani -- with square, angular jaw lines and well-defined Meso-American features. Almost Asian looking. Covered with ritual scarring of vaguely Incan designs, most of the men were, in fact, pierced here, there, and everywhere -- ears, eyebrows, nipples, and lips, among other places.
Holding court among them was a skinny, frail-looking old man, marked with similar body jewelry and scarring as his younger companions. He lit up as Summer stepped from the Land Cruiser, and called out, "Rap-hi! Rap-hi! Rap-hi, Chaqiska!"
"Rap-hi!" Summer called back. "Qaray Puka!"
"Qaray Puka," Benitez explained to Dani as the two of them followed behind. "Aya Pampa's medicine man."
Dani nodded.
Summer and the old man embraced, the woman kissing Qaray Puka on the cheek. Pulling back, she scanned younger men, and pointed out those she remembered. "Qarachupa," she said, identifying one, and the moving on to the next. "Achaku. Rukuku."
The man Summer called Rukuku howled and laughed, saying "Ma-na! Ma-na!" He gestured to another man further down to the line, and pointed him out. "Rukuku," he announced. Gesturing to himself, he said, "Asna Charapa."
"Asna Charapa!" Summer laughed with him. Pointing to the other man, she continued, "Rukuku!"
"Chaqiska! Chaqiska!" they called.
"Verano," Benitez explained to Dani. "'Summer.' In Huaca."
Qaray Puka greeted Taksa Kuchu and Benitez, and Summer introduced the old man and his men to the tall, lanky brunette. "'Rap-hi,'" Summer instructed Dani. "'Hello.'"
"Rap-hee," Dani sounded out to the medicine man.
Dani was at a distinct disadvantage to her fellow outsiders. Summer, Benitez, and Taksa Kuchu were all, apparently, fluent in the Huaca tongue. Benitez laughed and joked with the Huaca as he unloaded the back of the Land Cruiser, handing his backpack and other supplies to Qarachupa, Achaku, and the other men. Dani, not sure how she was supposed to act, or what exactly was expected of her, stuck close by Summer's side.
"I'm going to leave my things here," Summer told the girl. "If you don't feel comfortable doing that, you can give your clothes to Asna Charapa over there."
Dani scowled. "I don't suppose it makes a difference, right? I'm not going to be able to wear them."
Summer shrugged indifferently. "You don't have anything to worry about with these people," she soothed the girl. "And Gabriel will be with you the entire time."
Summer called over to Qaray Puka, and while Dani couldn't understand the words themselves, she knew caught the gist of it. "Just give us a minute," Summer seemed to be telling the old man.
As if granted Qaray Puka's permission, Summer stepped around to the far side of the Land Cruiser, with Taksa Kuchu following a few steps behind. She'd ridden up to this meeting point in relative comfort, dressed in a pair of sandy-colored, loose-fitting, drawstring linen pants, and a matching crochet halter-top. Though casual and less than form-fitting, Summer had nonetheless come off as effortlessly sexy. Taksa Kuchu, meanwhile, was dressed in a pair of three-quarters-length khaki cargo pants that clung to figure, as well as a simple olive-colored tank. Neither of the two women, however, stayed dressed for much longer, now that they'd reached their meeting point.
Dani steeled herself, and joined them in the road.
In one motion, Summer pulled her shirt over her head, and revealed that she'd come this far without a bra. Though Dani was caught by surprise by just how young and firm her breasts appeared, defying gravity for a woman her age, the real shock came from the fact that the blonde's nipples were pierced. Each was pierced through with a simple, silver barbell. Summer tossed the shirt into front seat of the Land Cruiser, revealing that her bellybutton, too, was affixed with a dangling, silver piercing. And, if Dani had been shocked by the woman's pierced nipples, she was horrified when she caught the glint of sunlight off a piece of jewelry between the blonde's legs. Summer slithered out of her pants and panties in one go, her bald pussy only further accentuating the stud that sat at the front of her slit -- silver, but with some sort of small jewel embedded within.
Dani wasn't sure what to think, but she didn't want to get caught staring at the older woman's pussy, either. She supposed that if one were to become a sexual sacrifice in a series of backwoods tribal rites, it really couldn't have been that big of a leap to pierce one's body. Especially when surrounded by a culture in which piercings were so common. As Taksa Kuchu undressed, she revealed none of the same jewelry as the blonde -- nipples, bellybutton. And, though Dani didn't have a good angle, she assumed Taksa Kuchu's pussy has been similarly adorned.
As for Dani herself, the girl did have a pierced bellybutton, but that was where her own adventures in body piercing had ceased. A simple heart-shaped jewel hung inside the girl's navel. As she pulled her tank up over her head, however, she did reveal that she was the only one of the three women with a tattoo. Her mother had yet to forgive her for it, and though she'd been just seventeen when she'd driven up to East Thetford to get it, Dani still liked the way that the ornately-designed little butterfly looked on the small of her back, sketched out in dark red, blue, and purple ink.
Glancing nervously at the eight men on the far side of the Land Cruiser, waiting for the women to undress, Dani tossed her tank top into the car on top of Summer's clothes. She was tempted to, as Summer had suggested, bequeath her clothes to Asna Charapa or Benitez for safe-keeping. But neither Taksa Kuchu nor Summer seemed overly concerned by the fact that they were leaving their clothing behind, and neither of the other women had anything stored for safekeeping in Benitez's backpack, as Dani did. Moreover, some of the edge was taken off when Dani saw that the Huaca men were wearing little in the way of clothing themselves -- just short, simple loincloths that did little to hide their bodies. The brunette found the waistband of her skirt with her thumbs, and slid the thin fabric down her thighs, past her knees, and into a puddle around her ankles. She stepped carefully from skirt, and dumped it inside the SUV.
Summer was stark naked, save for the aforementioned body jewelry, which itself was accompanied by a more traditional collection of necklaces, bracelets, rings, and earrings. In fact, the blonde was wearing about four different pieces of jewelry around her neck, and unsnapped one from behind for Dani to wear. Dani hesitated, but accepted the gift, a necklace of alternating jaguar teeth and silver beads. She allowed the naked woman to hang it around her neck, and found that the largest tooth sat nicely in her cleavage.
Taksa Kuchu wore nothing but the loincloth Dani had seen her pack that morning. Neither the front nor the back panel could have been more six inches in width, though the material did hang down to the Indian girl's ankles like some sort of bastardized prom gown. The waist was slung dangerously low, and Dani suspected that if Taksa Kuchu had had any pubic hair (she didn't; Dani had just watched her undress), it might have been plainly visible above the band.
For her own part, Dani stood in the middle of a dirt road in the middle of the Bolivian yungas in nothing more than a unadorned-but-unquestionably-sexy black thong and a matching black bra. She reached for the spare loincloth that the Taksa Kuchu had provided her, and tied it tightly around her hips. As on the Indian girl, the front panel was lower than Dani might have hoped, but it adequately covered the front of her panties, at least. The elastic band of her underwear was plainly visible alongside the strings that held the loincloth together, but there was little that Summer could do about it.
It was bra that had caused so much heartache and contention that morning, but now that she was standing here with Summer and Taksa Kuchu, Dani began to have second thoughts. Summer was naked. Taksa Kuchu was topless. The Huaca men were wearing nothing more than poorly-fitting loincloths. Were Dani to take to the jungle in the bra-and-panty set, she would arguably be the second-most dressed member of their party, after only Benitez. Without giving it a second thought, and moving quickly -- like she was peeling off a band-aid -- Dani reached around behind her back, and unsnapped the bra. She let it fall forward, slipped her arms from under the straps, and tossed it into the Land Cruiser, never once allowing herself a moment of hesitation.
Summer said nothing, but her smile showed that she was pleased.
Dani wasn't sure what to do with her hands, and wasn't entirely comfortable with her tits out in the open. And so, at least for the moment, she draped a forearm over her breasts, hiding the fact that her nipples were rock-hard and standing straight out. Slender hips and a beanpole figure for much of high school, Dani's breasts had grown in late, but they'd grown in with resolve. A borderline D-cup, she was already regretting her decision to cast away her top when she glanced past the Huaca men at the trailhead beyond.
"So we're going to hike now?" she asked. "Through the swamp?"
"You can wear your sandals," Summer answered. "It's not a difficult hike, but we are going a few miles through the mud." The blonde and the Indian girl were both barefoot; Qaray Puka and his men were barefoot, as well. Dani, though, doubted her soles were calloused enough to make bare feet a realistic option.
Summer shut the door to the Land Cruiser, and there was finality to Dani's decision to leave her bra behind. She had another, tucked away inside Benitez's backpack with her change of "clothes" for tomorrow, but she'd decided to go topless for now, and she'd live with her decision for the near future, at least. As they rounded the bumper, Benitez did a double-take, but otherwise called no attention to the fact that Dani had gone back on this morning's argument. And Dani, worried that she was attracting more stares by the fact that she was shielding her breasts from view, let her arms fall her side.
"I don't suppose you have some sort of DEET, or mosquito repellant, or something?" Dani asked the doctor.
"Better," Benitez replied. He handed her a necklace made of interwoven fern fronds. He himself was wearing one, and Dani watched as the Huaca gave one each to Summer and Taksa Kuchu. "It's sapumpa fern. It'll keep the bugs away."
"Native ingenuity," Dani said, adding the fern necklace to stone pendant Summer had just given her.
"Native ingenuity," Benitez concurred.
Leaving the Land Cruiser behind, and offering a few words of encouragement to one another, the group set out into the swamps - away from the road, away from San Eduardo, and away from all of Western Civilization.