A few years ago, I had a business trip to Greece. Having never been there before, I arrived a day early and took a trip to the Island of Crete to explore. Crete is a beautiful place with large mountains dissected the middle of the Islands and spectacular bays and beaches. The west side of the Island is more mountainous with mountains going right down to the ocean. It's a fairly dry place and reminds me a lot the Napa valley. Arid valleys with beautiful snow cover mountains and beautiful blue green ocean. I got up early and drove through the mountains on the west side of the Island. It was late spring and the highest peaks were still snowcapped, adding to the beauty. I drove through a western pass to the south side of the Island and began to work my way along the southern coast. The beaches I saw were amazing...fine white sand, with snowcapped mountains in the back ground. I stopped and walked around a few, it was still early and they were pretty deserted. The only other people I saw were fully clothed tourists...not what you expect at a beach in Greece. Surprising, not many beaches are clothing optional beaches there. Most are topless, but only a few are designated as clothing optional. I had read up on them and decided to check out red beach on the south east side of the Island.
It took several more hours of driving through the country side to reach the beach. I was surprised to see all the agriculture there...lots of small farms with olives, grapes and vegetables. The beach I was looking for was located in a small village on the coast. I found the town with no trouble and parked my car. The directions I had to the beach said to follow a road next to the hotel near the end of the town. As I approached the road, I saw a big sign in both Greek and English with and arrow pointing to the beach. Guess they don t mind nudist there. The road ended fairly soon and turned into a trail over a small mountain. As I started to climb I encountered two young women hiking on the trail ahead of me. The appeared to be in their mid-twenties and in good shape. I said "Hello" as I passed and they smiled and said "Hello" back. I thought they had a German accents but I wasn't sure. I passed them on the trail and made my way to the top. The view at the top of the trail was stunning. The beach sand was a reddish color with tall red cliffs off to the right side. I found out later there were caves in the cliffs that people used to live in.
The beach was kind of small and already quite crowded...especially considering it was only in the low 80s at most. I made my way down the trail to the beach. The trail intersected the beach in about the middle, so I stopped to look around. There were several families with small children on the right side of the beach. I think families swimming and sunning in the nude is quite cool, but I always feel funny sitting next to them as a single male. The left side of the beach was all adults with several couples (men, women and mixed). I walked to the left passed several couples looking for a place to put down my towel and undress. Most of the couples appeared to be European tourists on vacation. I passed a group of four people (two couples) who were walked by me headed into the water. I thought it very nice that two couples like that could remove their clothes and swim with no problem. I walked a little ways down the beach and found some rocks to sit on so I could remove my shorts and shirt. I just love walking naked down a beach, so I try and remove my clothes as soon as possible. I continued down the beach enjoying the sun on my cock and balls.
Just ahead of me I saw this very sexy couple sitting up facing the water. They were about half way between the rock where most people were sitting and the water. As I got closer I noticed they were sitting propped up on their arms with their legs open...not spread wide, but definitely in a showing off position. I don t normally gawk at folks on the beach, but usually try to catch a glance as I walk by, especially of the women. The guy was closer to me and as I got nearer I could see his cock hanging between his legs...it was huge! I'd say it was easily 6 inches long soft, very thick and uncut with a huge set of balls. In a few more steps, I could see the woman. She was completely shaven with a very full set of pink pussy lips. I swear they had fucked just before coming to the beach. Her hole looked fairly well used by that big cock as she lay there showing it off.
Man she was sexy. Neither of them closed their legs at all as I walked past and gave me a slight smile as I looked at the display. They were one of the sexist couples I've ever seen on any beach and I always wondered how big his cock was hard and how sexy it would be to watch her pussy suck it to the balls. I hated to keep walking past them, but did continue down the beach. I passed several other couples and a couple of women alone (something you don't see a lot in the states) along the way. They were not posing like the other couple so I just checked them out quickly and continued on. I found a nice, fairly secluded, spot a bit further down and put down my towel and sat down facing the ocean. There was a slight breeze blowing across my cock and balls that always turns me on as I laid there enjoying the sun and ocean.
After a few minutes, I noticed the two young women I passed on the trail walking toward me. They still had their clothes on as they walked the beach. One was fairly tall and blond, the other a bit shorter with dark black hair. I couldn't believe my luck as they stopped fairly close to me and put down their towels. They were chatting and laughing a bit as they undressed and they were definitely speaking German. The blond was the first to undress and was obviously not shy. She pulled off her top to reveal a perfect set of small tits with long pink nipples. I was trying not to gawk too much, but they were right next to me. I swear they were talking about me as she pulled off her shorts and bikini bottoms. She had her back to me as she bent over to straighten out her towel, showing me her sexy ass with her pussy lips poking out as she bent over. Then she did something that really surprised me. Rather they lay facing the water, she laid down with her legs toward me.
Now the sun was in that direction and there were several other folks on the beach facing the sun, but I was surprised she did that so close the me. Her pussy was gorgeous with bright pink lips and a fine line of golden pubic hair shaved into a racing stripe. She didn't have her legs spread, but I still had a great view. By now, my cock was semi-hard as I took in her gorgeous naked body. She glances my way and said something to the other girl and they both laughed...damn I wish I could speak German. The dark hair girl had been fiddling with her towel and bag this entire time and still had her clothes on. She finally took off her top and bottoms quickly and laid down the towel on her stomach. She was obviously much more shy and I only got a glance of her fairly large tits before she laid down. Her ass sure looked nice though and what a site the two of them were laying there. They continued to chat a bit as they laid there sunning themselves and my cock stayed semi hard watching them. They had their heads down so I didn't feel bad staring. After about 15 minutes the blond said something and turned over to her stomach.
At first, the dark haired girl stayed on her stomach as well, but the blond said something else to her and she finally turned over. I think she was telling her to turn over or she would burn. She had a very nice set of full tits, probably a good c cup, with dark brown nipples. Her pussy was covered with thick black pubs. When she rolled over, she kept her legs closed, so I didn't really get a view of her lips. She started reading a magazine while the blond appeared to be napping. She was actually very close to me and her legs were directly across from my line of site, but unfortunately she still had her legs closed. After a few minutes I noticed she had opened them slightly and I got a glimpse of her lips. They were dark brown like her nipples and a bit bigger than the blonds. I could see her chest moving up and down as her breaths became quicker, obviously a bit excited. She continued to read her magazine and slowly opened her legs a bit wider giving me a better and better view.
I swear she let out a slight moan as she bent her right leg up on the towel, completely exposing her pussy. Her lips kind of flopped open as she pulled her leg up, revealing her sexy hole. She was completely natural with lots of hair, even some coming down her legs. My cock was completely hard now as she lay there spreading her pussy for me, her chest was going up and down fairly quickly. I noticed her juices were starting to flow. I could see them glistening off her lips in the sunshine and the hair near her lips was starting to get matted down with her juices. I don't think I've ever seen a women flow like that without direct stimulus. My cock was aching and I had lots of juices flowing myself. After several minutes of visual bliss, the blond woke up and said something to her. They both got up and walked toward the water to go for a swim. Both of them gave my hard cock a look when they got up and were chatting and laughing as they went into the water. The dark haired girl actually looked over her shoulder and gave me a smile as she walked toward the water.