Brae didn't really need a travelling companion, but he was nice to have around. He was handsome and a considerate lover, with a personality that, while not strictly pleasant, complimented hers. He was as happy as she with their arrangement, lacking the jealous nature of too many Warens she had met. Maybe he was even happier with it, which was probably what she liked least about him. A little jealousy might have been nice. He challenged her often, never holding back. Their arguments never lasted long, always ending with compromise and sex so passionate that she had been known to instigate them.
He left the temple after a day, saying only that the training bored him, and Brae wasn't sure if it was because he had been doing very well or very poorly. She wasn't certain, when she decided to stay behind, whether she would even see him again. Intrigued by the technique taught there to compel truth over falsehood, something she very much wanted to try on her companion, she stayed six days. Even knowing the chances of him sticking around so long were practically nil, she continued to work, to be sure of her skill when finally she had the chance at what the Master of the technique called 'moving his Pear'. After a week, she decided she had heard what she needed, ready to continue her quest with or without him.
The sun setting by the time she arrived in the small town that radiated out from the central gazebo, Brae could hear the town before and sign of life or light could be seen. Lively music carried out, the din of talking and laughter, the smell of cooking and booze, and much light spilled over her as she made her way around the last corner into the plaza. She smiled as she approached the pavilion; it was unlikely her companion would move on quickly through such a town, and even if he had, new possibilities seemed promising. Still, she searched as she entered the gazebo, scanning the crowd of jolly faces for his. They sat gathered around tables or stood about or danced barely clad to the throbbing music of drums and horns, the place was packed with revelers.
Trying to squeeze through the crowd, Brae brushed against a man who glanced at her with a grin, then turned to her, abandoning the partner he had just been writhing against. "Hey, beautiful," he said loudly. "I haven't seen you around here before."
"It must be because I haven't been here before," Brae replied, toying with her medallion. "I'm a warrior, just come from the temple. Tell me, is it like this every night, or is this a festival?"
"Something in the middle, I should think," he said. "You've never heard of us?"
"Maybe, but I'm not sure where I am. The scholars on the temple island didn't mention the town. Rather pointedly, now that I think of it."
"Ah, only the orchard, huh?" he asked with a good-natured grin. "Well, the town's called Lax, and we're deep in the Festival of the Chosen right now."
"Lax?" Brae repeated. "Then, yes, of course I've heard of you."
"Did you like what you heard?" he asked, getting closer. "Do you want to dance with me?"
"Perhaps later," Brae said.
The man shrugged, turning back to the woman he had danced with before to dance with her again, along with the man she had been dancing with since. "Of course it's Lax," Brae muttered. "No wonder he left so fast."
"Hey Beautiful," a man said as he came up to her. "First time in Lax?"
"Yes, it is."
"Welcome," he said. "I'm Taur."
"Brae," she replied. "Lovely town you have here. I'm going to have a look around."
"Sure," he agreed, moving on.
As Brae looked around, seven more men along with three women propositioned her, and she considered everyone, but was curious to find her companion. Finally she spotted him along the edge of the room, but hesitated approaching a moment, engaged as he was fondling another woman's ass as he kissed her. Brae shook her head; what else did she expect he'd be doing? He glanced up at her approach, grinning as he broke the kiss. "Baby, you're here! Can you believe this town?"
"I can't believe you didn't even tell me why you left after only a day at the temple."
He laughed, shrugging. "Well, I told the truth when I said that stuff was boring: I couldn't take it, but you seemed to be enjoying it. Come and join us. You have to meet..." He glanced at the woman on his lap, "What was your name again?"
"Coni," said the woman, eyeing Brae lustily. "You're so beautiful, I'd love to eat your pussy out while he fucks me."
"Hm," Brae said. "I think I'd rather find a cock or two for myself."
"Well, nothing saying you can't have your pussy eaten out first," her companion told her. "How many times have we talked about this?"
"The same as the number of times I told you that I have to choose the others."
"You always choose!"
"Yeah, exactly right," Brae said, turning away.
"You just don't like her because I picked her! Brae, what the fuck?!"
Brae didn't glance back, now on the lookout for a suitable partner for the night. She began to move to the music, and the first person she met eyes with came to dance next to her, against her. Brae liked the feeling of her curvy body, the shaking of her hips, and liked it even more when a man stepped up on her other side. writhing between the two bodies in dance, she closed her eyes to imagine the cock, pressed to her thigh rigid and throbbing, entering her.
She turned slightly to the man, and whispered in his ear, "I'm new to Lax. Tell me, what's the proper etiquette? Is it okay to fuck me right here?"
"It's okay with me," he said. He ran his fingers gently down her arm, and took her hand, guiding it to his cock. He nodded toward another couple, only a few feet away, and she suddenly noticed that the woman's legs were around the man, her skirt hiked up to her waist as she rode her partner's dick.
Brae was hardly a prude, but she felt her face flush as she realised how many couples and groupings were fucking on the dance floor, against the walls, and on tables right next to where others were just sitting and eating. The man next to her laughed softly as he lifted her jaw from where it had been hanging slack and kissed her on the mouth.
"Too much?" he asked. "Where are you from?"
"Maz," Brae replied breathlessly. "We aren't known for being puritanical about sex either, but this is..." She took a deep breath and chuckled it out. "Too much, yes..." she felt faint from the excitement of so much bare and shiny flesh, the unrestrained swirling ecstasy.
"We could go somewhere more private, if you want," he purred. He backed off a little to study her face and frowned. "Or if you don't want, just tell me."
"No, it isn't that!" she assured him, "It's just all so overwhelming. I feel like I'm burning up."
The man grinned. "So you're one of those kind of Mazons."
"What kind of Mazon is that?" Brae asked indignantly.
"The kind that can set things on fire! I always thought that was super cool! Can you really...?"
"Oh, yes," she answered. "Do you want to go someplace quieter, and I can show you how hot I can get?"
The man glanced at the other woman, frowning to one side and she frowned back at them. "Can Zoey come too?"
"Of course," Brae said, taking Zoey's hand. "I really enjoyed dancing with you."
Zoey kissed her and Brae almost fell. She might have if she hadn't been leaning against the man; Zoey's lips were so full and soft, passionate yet gentle. "Your mouth is so hot," Zoey whispered.
Brae moaned, melting in the man's arms. "I need fresh air."
It took a few minutes to reach the edge, squeezing between the pulsing flesh of a hundred writhing bodies, she felt the panic of suffocation, but it was cooler beyond the gathering. Brae didn't go too far, breathing deep as she stood braced with one hand on the closest building.
"Are you okay?" asked the man.
"I'm sorry," Brae said. "You probably think I'm so... narrow-minded."
"Not at all," said Zoey. "Everybody has preferences, and respecting those of others is what this Lax is all about."
"There must be some things out of bounds..."
"Not where the people involved agree on it," said the man, smiling. "How far do you want to go?"
Brae stared at the man. He glanced behind her, so she did, too, and saw a number of people awaiting her answer. "What do you mean?"
"Well, I mean lots of things," he said. "First off, is this far enough away from the others, or do you not want an audience at all?"
"Uh..." Brae considered the question carefully, looking around at the eager faces, and the one that was scowling slightly at her; an honest reaction at last. She smiled when she saw that one. "What if I had an elaborate scenario?"
The man and Zoey chuckled. "Are you talking about role playing, or...?"
"I'm talking about commanding... let's say four men. They must do everything I say, except, of course, in the event they wish to leave rather than fulfill a command. I have a feeling that won't come up."
At least a dozen men grinned lustily, a few completely naked with hard dicks still wet. A few others apparently decided that the scenario didn't interest them.
"What about women?" suggested Zoey.
"You are welcome, of course, as an equal." She glanced at the man who had brought her outside. "Does that work for you?"
"So, so much," he assured her. "I also recommend Aldo over there."
She looked at Aldo, smiling back at her shyly, and nodded. She recognised another face, "Taur, was it? Would you like to join us? And..." she smiled as her companion regarded her with tense jaw and neck, his lips tight. Her eyes swept flirtily around the crowd once more, and went back to him. "You," she said. "Can you do whatever I say?"
Her companion smiled crookedly. Even after the weeks they had been together at sea, that smile took her breath, made her heart beat faster. He loved to challenge her, and by staying at the temple the extra days, she had a new advantage. She concentrated the power of her wonghtal to make him tell the truth. "Did you finish with her?" Brae asked.
"She finished, I didn't," he replied. "I told her I was saving it for you."
"Mmmmmmm," Brae said. "You're so sexy, come along. Where can we go? Inside someplace?"
The man who brought her pulled her between the houses until he found one unoccupied, and the six of them entered. A bed and two chairs furnished the place, a single room, and Brae grabbed the dark lantern by the door. She put one hand into the little door and brought heat to her fingertips, flames bursting in a flare that blinded them momentarily.
"Oooooh," said most of them, applauding, and Brae placed the lantern back on the hook.
"See, that would be so fucking useful!" said the man whose name she still didn't know.
She smiled around the room, considering what to do next. She had imagined scenes like this, but never that it would be so easy to make happen. Zoey, under no control, kissed her on the mouth. Brae's eyes closed for a moment, and all the men still stood. Watching, waiting to be commanded, all patient and clearly enjoying the anticipation save one, their gazes made the fire within her burn hotter, flare like the lantern that cast her swaying shadow across them.
Zoey kissed her neck and massaged her breasts. "So hot," Zoey murmured. "You're so hot; I'd love to eat your pussy out."
"I'd love that too," said Brae, pushing her gently downward. She shivered pleasantly as softly fluttering kisses passed over her breasts and belly, and beckoned the nameless man to her. "Kiss me," she whispered as he arrived. He did, with earnest, and she smiled as she drew back. She glanced at Taur. "Touch my breasts. Caress them."
She kissed the nameless man again as Taur approached to answer her bidding, at the same time as Zoey had undone the laces of her shorts and pulled them to her ankles. Brae stepped from them, widening her legs as she was kissed and fondled by the men.
She gasped as Zoey's nimble tongue found her clit, and recovered with a long sigh. "Mm, yes, yes. You," she said to Aldo. "Expose yourself. Let me see your cock."
Aldo rubbed it through his pants as he used one hand to unfasten his belt. His hand slipped in and pulled out his dick, engorged and throbbing.
"Oh, that's a big one!" Brae exclaimed. "Bring it over here."
She kissed the man before her again, the one behind her still squeezing her tits within her tight leather top. The cock delivered into her hand was so rigid and exciting, the tongue in her pussy so fast and skilled. Then she glanced for a glimpse of the last man, her companion, and he was scowling. He was impatient. His fists were clenched and his dick was so, so hard. She put her attention back to the others but left her mind lingering on the image as she closed her eyes.
Brae cried out in a climax the perfect intensity to make her pussy flood and want more. "Yes, yes, you're so good at that, Zoey! Yes, yes! But I want more! I want a cock in me!"
Her companion took an eager step forward, but she shook her head. "You go sit in that chair," she told him.
"Brae, what the fuck?" he asked. finally, an honest reaction, allowing his true feelings to consume him. "Why?"
"I didn't tell you to ask questions, I told you to sit down," she replied. Without bothering to watch if he would follow her instructions or leave, never doubting which he would choose, she met eyes with the nameless man before her. "Put your cock in me."
She was quite a lot larger than the woman they had seen bouncing on the dance floor, so he lifted just one leg, and she was the perfect height for penetration.
"Holy fuck," he said. "Your pussy is so hot. So fucking hot..."
"Tell me more about my pussy," she said breathlessly.
The man thrust into her again, deeper, and swirled his hips. "It's incredibly tight, squeezing my dick, milking me with every pulse of that smooth, slimy flesh. It's wet, dripping wet, I can feel the moisture spreading ever so slowly to the base of my cock with every thrust and in this little trickle down my balls. I've never felt a pussy so wet and tight and so fucking hot."
"Oh goddess!" Brae cried, "Your dirty talk is excellent! Fuck me harder!"
Without needing to be told, the other men surrounding her lifted her, holding her tight. They each played with a breast now, and she turned her head to kiss Taur.
"Yes," the nameless man said. "Even deeper, even tighter, your pussy feels like it's going to swallow my cock. I can almost hear it..." It was silent for a moment save for their breath and the subtle sloppy slurping of her sopping gash. "I can hear it. I can hear the wetness as I penetrate you, that fucking sexy sucking noise. It's about to get a lot wetter in there, too."
"Oh," Brae moaned, grinding him deeper inside. "Are you going to cum in me?"
"I'll cum anywhere you like," he said. "I got this feeling though, the way your body moved there, that you want it in that perfect pulsing hole of yours, deep inside. You want to be filled with every drop I can give you until it's gushing and ready for the next cock."
"Fuck!" Brae cried. "Fuck yes! Fuck, your voice is sexy, and you speak so true! Tell me how much you want to cum in me!"
"I want it like a man in the desert wants water," the man said. His voice was low, but his lips were so close to her ear she could feel their movement. "Like a man underwater wants air. I yearn for it, feel like I could die without it. Coming in you is currently my only goal in life."
"Mmmm!" Brae cried, writhing. "Yes, yes! You can cum in me, do it now!"
"Yessss," the man said, breathing out in a long hiss as his loins rocked. "Oh, yes, it's going in so deep!"
Brae cried out ecstatically as he shook the last of his load out inside her. "Yes, yes! Oh goddess, yes!"
The nameless man before her hugged her tight, lifting her off, and kissed her as he set her down. "That was good," he sighed. "So fucking hot."
"Thank you," Brae said, slipping her fingers between her pussy lips to sample the gooey moisture. She looked at her companion where he sat with arms crossed over his chest, slouched into the chair. His scowl deepened when he met her eyes, but he smiled slightly as if to ask whether the cock she'd just had was better than his, and already knowing the answer. "Thank you for your hot, sticky cum. It feels great... would any of you mind terribly if I used it to masturbate while you watch?"
Taur kissed her and grinned. "That sounds amazing."
"Yeah, fuck yeah," said Aldo. "Do you want to lay down?"
"I want to really see it," Taur said, guiding her toward the bed.
Brae was surprised by their enthusiasm, but felt herself get warmer again as she looked around. Taur and Aldo stood over her, the man who had fucked her sat back in the chair with Zoey on his lap, both watching raptly. Her companion had seen it plenty of times, but still he craned his neck to the side for a peek as she lay on her back and spread her legs wide.
They all stared unabashedly as her fingers found a drop emerging from her cunt. She spread it upward, across her labia to her clitoris, and they all regarded her with the same open faced, vaguely smiling amazement. They all held their breath and let it out simultaneously as Brae began to rub her clit.
"After everything that was going on in your feast, I can't believe this has you all so excited," Brae said.
"That stuff happens twice a month," said Taur. "It's nice to try something different."
"It's fucking hot," said Aldo. "The anticipation... It's hard waiting, it's so hard... but I've never thought of doing something like this."
"I told you, out of town girls bring in the best pussy," said the nameless man. Absently fondling Zoey's breast, he glanced up when she looked sharply at him. "I just mean they bring new ideas."
"You've never thought of touching yourself?" Brae scoffed.
"Well sure, but... it's different in this situation, that's all. Exciting."
"It's fucking hot," Aldo told her again.
Brae sighed helplessly as their lustful eyes and her own probing fingers caused more heat to spread through her trembling body. Stroking her clit, she moaned as she noted the way their hard cocks twitched every time she moved. Something so ordinary to her, something she did everyday, was novel to them. Their lust excited her. As wet as her pussy had been from the load of semen, it grew still more drenched. Her butt came up from the bed as her thighs grew so tense they shook.
For Mazons like her, the kind that could start fires with her mind, an orgasm through interaction with another was vastly different to one reached alone. Almost opposite. Penetration released the heat built up in her body while masturbation built it up and her solitary climax was like a flame bursting inside her. She cried out as her hips shook in ecstasy, squirting and drizzling her cum and his.
"The heat coming off her," Aldo said, holding his hand six inches from her crotch. "Holy shit, she's so hot, it's unreal."
"Feel it," Brae said, grabbing his hand.
"Hooooooly shit," Aldo said. "Can I put my dick in it?"
"Beg me," Brae said, glancing at her companion again. He set his jaw, rolling his eyes and shaking his head.
"Please, Brae," Aldo said, rubbing her soaked and scorching snatch. "Please I want to put my dick in you so bad it's killing me. Please, let me put my dick in your hot, hot pussy. Please, I'll do anything."
"Yes!" Brae said. "Yes, stick it in!"
Aldo was quick to comply, driving his big, hard member into her sloppy cunt. "Fucking fuck!" he cried. "Fuck, it's so hot, you're so fucking hot!"
"Yes!" Brae cried. She cried as she pushed up from the bed, wrapping her legs around him. He pulled her up, staggering a little, but Taur was there to steady them. "Another! I want your dick, too, Taur!"
Taur kissed her neck, lifting her higher. "I would have begged, too," he told her softly. "Do you want it in your butt, or another in that hot cunt of yours?"
Brae gasped at the idea. "Another in my...?" She laughed breathily, writhing in pleasure at the very thought. "Yes, yes, stretch my pussy wider. Shove your dick in there, right next to Aldo's. Double fuck my burning gash, I want to know what it's like to be really full."
Taur carefully placed the head of his throbbing member against both Aldo and her. "Here I come," he grunted, popping it into her pussy.
Brae screamed as the heat in her flesh doubled. "Oh my goddess!" she cried as they slowly, in synchronization, pushed themselves deeper into her. "Oh my goddess! My goddess, it's so full, so tight, so burning hot! Oh goddess, yes! More!"
"You want him in, too?" Aldo asked, motioning with his head to where her companion sat tensed in his chair.
Brae groaned wordlessly as they finally hid the entirety of their large cocks in her, grinding them against each other inside. She shook her head when her companion moved to get up. "No, just fuck me! Withdraw and thrust back in at the same time! Fuck me, fuck me at once!"
They withdrew as one, and entered as one, hard and fast.
"Oh goddess!" Brae panted. "Oh goddess, your cocks feel so good filling me like this! My pussy is so hot!"
"So hot," Taur grunted in agreement. He thrust again in time with Aldo. "So fucking hot!"
"Faster!" Brae said.
They penetrated her again, and again. Their urgent thrusting became increasingly intense, harder and faster, hotter and hotter. Aldo, supporting less of her weight, was beginning to go too fast, out of sync with Taur, but it felt even better.
"Oh Goddess, yes!" she screamed. "Yes, just like that! Oh goddess! Sweet holy goddess!"
One slick cock slipped out just as the other was driving deep. The sensations were like nothing she'd felt or even imagined. "Two lusty cocks in my pussy," she moaned. "It feels so fucking good!"
"It feels incredible," Taur grunted as he pounded her.
"I can't believe how hot it is," Aldo said, pounding her. "It's so hot, I've never felt pussy this hot."
"I'm going to come so soon," Taur said. "The way you're squeezing me, I can't help it. I'm going to come..."
"Me, too," said Aldo. "Can I come in your pussy, please?"
"Please?" Taur added eagerly.
"Beg me more!" Brae cried. "Beg me as though for your life!"
"Bitch," her companion muttered. One night when she had been smothering him with her pussy, her companion had refused to beg even for that. She hadn't come close to actually suffocating him, or not very close, but as always she had given in without getting him to beg for her. The difference, though, was that he had always treated it as a joke before. He looked very serious, his honest reaction at last.
The other men paid her bitter companion no heed, still thrusting tirelessly. "Please, Brae," they said in unison, one dick going out and the other in, then switching directions. "Please, I want to come," Taur continued.
"I need to," Aldo said. "I want to do as you say, and wait as long as you tell me, but I'm going to go crazy if you don't let me soon, please."
"I'll die," Taur one-upped him. "I'll fucking explode, I can't control my lust for you, please! Please, please, please, say I can come!"
"Please, Brae," Aldo muttered. "Please let me come."
"Please," Taur groaned.
Brae shook all over, their longing and willingness to submit to her making her stretched and contracting pussy burn hotter. "I'm ready! Shove them in deep, and fill me with two loads at once! Come in me together, right now!"
Together, they thrust in, and together, they unleashed themselves deep within her. Two pulsing members, and two helpings of oozing cum deep inside, Brae shook uncontrollably on the dicks, squeezing out the last of their loads. Together they delivered her back to the bed and Taur withdrew first so they could set her down. Aldo kissed her as he pulled back from her.
Brae smiled and sighed, her fingers going back to her trembling, dripping gash. "Mm, so full," she murmured. "Goddess, that was so good. Now Evan, how would you like to come over here and lick this cum out of me?"
"Fuck you, Brae," her companion replied. His voice was heated with more than just the anger that made his face tense and his body tremble. She had his pear tight, and he couldn't lie. She could feel him trying to fight it. "Why should I?"
"Because I told you," she said. "Do what I say, or get out. That was the scenario."
"Why shouldn't I just go, then?" he demanded. "There are a hundred women out there, and most of them would probably appreciate me, or at least respect me a tiny little bit. You tell me how glad you are that we can be open in this... relationship, whatever it is, then you get pissed off when I agree! You tell me not to be jealous, and then you do whatever that was, just to make me feel like shit! I'm sick to death of your bullshit games."
Brae regarded him with amusement, still stroking her sopping wet flesh. "Then go."
Evan glared, his hand to his dick as he stepped forward to loom over her. "You fucking bitch. I should just go. Find someone else..."
Brae sighed as she fingered herself. "It's so wet and sloppy, just the way you like it," she said. "It's still hot and ready."
Her companion gnashed his teeth, his shoulders tense as though he could keep his hand away from his throbbing dick, control his desire. He was a dirty fucker, the thing she liked most about him, but it was nearly matched by his righteous indignation and the fiery passion of his envy. His anger only added to his lust, made him easier to control.
The others in the room grew uncomfortable in the tension. The nameless man cleared his throat. "Well, it looks like you two have things to... work out," he ventured. "I think I'm going to grab some food."
"Go," Evan agreed, growling. "Get the fuck out, she got what she wanted from you: to fuck with me."
"Brae, are you...?" Aldo asked apprehensively, worried about the threat her companion might pose to her.
"Oh yes," Brae said, languishing in the icy stare of her companion. Paradoxically, if made her hotter again, as hot as ever. "Yes, leave us."
Evan didn't move a muscle, waiting impatiently for them to be alone. She had never seen him so incensed and she wasn't exactly afraid, still pretty sure she could take him in a fight if necessary, but she didn't know what he might try to do. His eyes remained on her, whether glaring at her face or venturing to where her fingers played in the cum deposited by the three men.
"What's the matter Evan?" she asked tauntingly. "Don't try to tell me watching that didn't turn you on."
"I never tried to tell you that," he said. "I just don't get why everything has to be a big power trip with you. If you want me to act jealous, I will. If you want me to admit that I hated having to wait and you telling me what to do, I admit it. If you want me to say that watching those ass hats turned me on and at the same time infuriated me, well, it did infuriate me, and at the same time, made me so, so hard. If you want me on my knees for the pleasure of licking every drop of their filthy seed out of you so I can replace it with my own..."
Brae's heart was beating so hard and fast, she couldn't control her breathing. "Yes," she whispered. "Yes, beg me. Beg me, and submit willingly to my control."
Her companion grimaced slightly. "I already do. Tell me what to do, and I do it."
"And I'm telling you to say please," she replied. "Say just what you said before, only as a desperately longing request. That's not so hard, is it?"
Even dropped to one knee. The view past her breasts, over her belly and between her wide stretched legs put his face right above her sloppy, quivering pussy. "Brae..." He sighed heavily. "I want to do as you tell me. I want to make you happy, and feel good, and do things you like. I want to eat your soiled pussy and make you cum until only your juices are left, and I want it to be wetter than this. I want to stuff you as hard and fast as you like, and talk dirty about what a fucking slut you are, taking it from those two fat dicks at once, burning all the more because I was so angry and jealous. I want to give you the semen I've been saving for you, then lick that up, too. Don't you want that?"
"I want you to say please!" Brae moaned, her fingers moving faster and her temperature rising again. "Say, 'please can I eat the filthy cum out of your pussy'."
"Please, can I eat the filthy cum out of you pussy," he repeated dutifully. He didn't make her believe it, but she considered even this mechanical submission progress.
"Yes," she said.
Evan smiled as he bent to her. he inhaled deeply through his nose. "So fucking filthy," he said. "So..." he kissed her clit and ran his tongue up her labia, then licked her clit gingerly. The tickly flicker of his tongue sent sparks through Brea's body. "Oh, you taste so good, Brae. Holy fuck." He breathed deep again, then went deep, pushing his tongue into her. he slurped loudly, sucking cum into his mouth, and swallowed it down before going back to her clit. "Watching those guys in your pussy burned me up," he told her, lips brushing her clit. He licked again, kissing her button softly as two fingers played tantilizingly at her hole. "I never thought that you could get those two huge dicks in there at the same time, but your pussy has goddamned super powers. Incredible strength. Mind control. That thing where you start fires, because one is burning in me."
He went lower to suck at her hole again, drawing more cum out with his wriggling fingers. He was going for every last drop of semen the others had left behind, and the sensation when he returned to her clit made her pussy juices flow through after.
"Mmph," he said as he licked up her labia again. "So fucking tasty."
Brae sat up to put a hand on his glistening face. "Let me taste," she said, guiding his lips toward hers. Their mouths met open and stayed that way, their tongues overlapping so she could get the sweet flavour of her lust with an aftertaste of tangy, salty seed. "Mm," she said. "Put your dick in. Fuck me."
He lay out beside her, running his hand down her leg, then taking it behind the knee to pull her slightly on top of him. He pulled her closer against him when she began to glance back.
She could already feel it, pressing into the back of her thigh and ass cheek. She put her hand on it, shuddering in anticipation. Shifting her body, placing one leg over him, she lined up his cock against her sopping, pulsing, hungry snatch. She toyed with it against her clit, along the shimmering folds of her labia and dripping hole, and pulled him in.
"Tell me more about when those dicks were in me," she said, closing her eyes.
"I didn't want to watch, but I couldn't look away," he said. "I wanted to punch every one of those guys out, especially that one with the big ears, and take you myself. I think you would have liked that, too. Do you think they would have respected my preference for kicking the shit out of them?"
Brae giggled breathily, grinding around his dick, enjoying this honest Evan, at last. "It's quite an interesting town. I'm sure we could find someone into that."
Her companion laughed gruffly, taking her hips to move her as he thrust harder. "Not much those fucks wouldn't do, is there?"
"You're hardly one to talk."
"True," he admitted. He reached to her clit and began to rub as he pounded her faster. "I love your pussy," he admitted, the words drawn out by her silent call for honesty sounded almost sleepy. "It's great in every way, and I love it, and I don't like being kept apart while you let other guys in there. I would have stuck my dick in with another, another two, or whatever you want. I don't get why you did that to me. To punish me? Because I was with what's-her-face?"
"Yes," Brae moaned. "Yes, I wanted you to suffer for being with another woman. I wanted you to feel the jealousy I did. I wanted to see if you actually felt anything beyond the pleasure of penetrating me."
"I do," he said. "I feel very strongly," he assured her softly, pumping faster.
Brae shuddered at the words. "I do, too. Do you love me, Evan?"
Evan groaned as he climaxed, shuddering, his cock throbbing out a load of hot semen deep inside her as he gripped her tight. "Oh, you," he sighed, rolling over. "You just... fucking ruined it. What I feel strongly for you isn't love. It's pretty much the opposite of love." He stood and grabbed his pants. "I'm not playing anymore. I want to get you off, but if what gets you off is my discomfort and humiliation, and I think it is, I'm done with it."
"Oh, give me a break," Brae chuckled, rolling toward him. "You act like you don't love playing games with me."
"Maybe I didn't make myself clear," Evan said, pulling up his pants. "Goodbye, Brae, and fuck you." As he finished with his belt, he turned and left the house, letting the door fall shut with a slam behind him.
Brae laughed aloud as she lay back on the bed, closing her eyes. "Well," she said musingly. "Maybe that was a little too much honesty."