This is the story of the defining sexual experience of my youth. My name is Mark. I was 21 years old and it was the last day of finals in May of my junior year in college. Originally, I'm from a small town in Illinois but I went to school in Chicago and by then considered it home.
I lived in a nice apartment off campus with my best friend Zane. His family had money so he let me live with him for the same rent I'd have paid for half of a dump. It was a pretty sweet deal. It also meant our place was the party pad of choice for our group of friends.
Even though we were all of drinking age, we were still more of a house party group. We didn't have many total ragers but we liked to party, even though most of us were school newspaper nerds. With the exception of Zane, none of us had been particularly popular in high school.
In college, though, popularity is less about the superficial stuff and more about simply who you like to hang out with. Our group was fun so our parties attracted kids from all over campus. We had a main core of about 10 of us that hung out a lot, but for the big blowouts we all invited friends from other social circles and some of them brought friends, so there was around 50 of us that night.
The party was fantastic. Zane bought a couple of kegs. We made it a pajama party so everyone was super comfortable and more than a few of the girls were very sexy in their nightwear. One kid in our social circle was a part-time club DJ. He brought his gear and played a few 45 minute sets that really got us going and had some awesome playlists he could leave on autopilot when he wanted breaks to enjoy the party.
It was a great night and if the story ended there it would still be one of my most memorable college experiences. But it turned out the party was just a prelude to the real fun. The after party would be what all of us remembered forever.
Since we lived in an apartment, even though we'd invited most of our neighbors, we had promised all of them the main party would end at midnight. We killed the music at 11:45 and started shuffling people out. We had organized a "clean-up team" that was really just an excuse for our main group to stick around without offending everyone else, although I think most were wise to us.
It took half an hour, but we got everyone out and the place picked back up. There were 11 of us left. In addition to Zane and I, there were three other guys, Brian, Evan and Sean. All were mutual friends from the newspaper. Mandy, Jenna and Bella were fellow newspaper friends. Mandy was big and beautiful, crass and sassy. Pitch Perfect had come out a year or two earlier and she confided in us it was one of the first times she'd really identified with a major movie character. She saw some of herself in Fat Amy - funny, confident and sexy, unwilling to be defined solely by her weight. We loved her, she was always the life of the party.
Also there, Mandy's roommate Tasha had been in our friend group for a couple of years. Carli dated Evan briefly in high school. They decided they didn't work romantically but had been best friends ever since. And finally, Bella had invited a high school friend of hers up to stay the weekend. None of us had ever met Katie before but all of us, guys and girls, had taken an instant liking to her. She was beautiful and sexy, wearing a lacy little tank top and short shorts. Plus she was warm and funny and fit right into the group from the get-go.
Zane turned some music back on and got out a couple of joints to pass and we settled in to chill and enjoy each other's company. When we hung out like this, we rarely split off into side conversations. We would chat as a group, sometimes deep stuff like politics and religion and how we were going to change the world, but often just telling old stories and making each other laugh.
We spent probably an hour just talking about the party. We all had gossip or a funny story to share. Mandy was practically bursting to tell us her story and it would not be topped.
"You guys will not fucking believe what happened to me," she started dramatically. "I had to piss like a racehorse, after, you know, 12 fucking beers. The hall bathroom's occupied so I go around to Zane's and open the door."
She paused with her hands in the air like a conductor. She's got us hooked, almost laughing even though we haven't heard the joke yet.
"Gina, the smoking hot chick from my media ethics class?"
She waited, letting us all nod that we knew who Gina was.
"She's sitting on the sink, naked from the waist down with her top pulled up to reveal her INCREDIBLE tits! And she's got her legs wrapped around that HOT fucking black guy that was here tonight..."
She trailed off, waiting to be informed who the black guy was.
"James? From the basketball team?" Zane asked.
Mandy snapped and pointed at Zane.
"James! That's the guy," she said. "My goodness, what a fine looking man. Anyway, James has his shorts around his ankles.
"No underwear, by the way," she adds conspiratorially.
"Yeah, I noticed," I interjected.
Mandy started to continue but then stopped dead and looked at me.
"Wait, what?" she asked.
Everyone turned to look at me. Zane had a knowing smile on his face. I immediately realized I had said something I shouldn't.
"Oh, uh," I stammered. "I just, uh, saw him in the right light and, uh, just noticed and was pretty sure he was, uh, you know, freeballing."
The truth was I'd almost sprung a boner when I noticed the giant fucking bulge in his gym shorts. The entire outline of his cock was plainly visible. It took a second to realize I was almost cartoon eyes ogling him. I had snapped out of it, looked up and made eye contact with him. He smiled and gave me a "what's up?" nod, conveying with absolute certainty that he'd just caught me staring at his package.
I had smiled, blushed and awkwardly waved then made a beeline for the keg. I never talked to him. And now I was trying to talk my way out of admitting I noticed his dick. Luckily, I was saved by Katie.
"I'm not sure how anyone didn't notice," she said. "He seemed to be rather proudly displaying it."
Several others agreed all at once they had seen James' prominent bulge, including Brian and Sean. Mandy, satisfied with my stumbling explanation, picked up where she left off.
"He's got plenty to be proud of!" she exclaimed, almost breathlessly. "He was ramming the biggest cock I've ever seen right into Gina's pussy!"
We all gasped and laughed but the laughter was a bit subdued. I couldn't be sure, but it seemed I might not be the only one who was a little turned on by the picture Mandy was painting.
"Well, I just fucking froze!" she continued. "For once in my life, I'm fucking speechless!"
Now genuine laughter from the group.
"James doesn't miss a fucking thrust!" Mandy said, really getting wound up. "Gina finally looks me dead in the eye and says, 'you just gonna stay and watch, or what?'"
No laughter, just stunned smiles around the room. Mandy then changed her delivery from breathless retelling to confident sultress.
"I finally gather my wits about me and go, 'Don't mind if I do.'"
The room exploded with laughter, to the point Zane shushed us because it was so late. Mandy went on, trying to be quieter but now almost crying with laughter.
"Guys, I fucking folded my arms and leaned on the door jamb and settled in for the show!"
We're literally rolling on the floor now, the weed making everything even funnier, plus trying to hold it in a little to stay quiet. Mandy slowly regains the floor.
"Guys, guys, James fucking pulls off his shirt, again without missing a thrust! James is apparently a kinky little fuck who likes a motherfucker to watch!"
Laughter, but again more subdued. I've gone from picturing Mandy with her arms crossed enjoying the show to seeing James in my mind's eye, pulling off his shirt while his thick cock continues ramming that hottie Gina. Mandy really started painting a picture then. Her voice got softer.
"They acted like I wasn't there," she said, the surrealness of it all evident in her tone. "Gina's legs dropped down so I could see she was shaved bare. She started frigging herself while he fucked her!"
Pretty sure we were all feeling some arousal now and hanging on every word.
"He stepped out of one leg of his shorts so he could really get some leverage," Mandy said, getting louder again. "He lifted her legs back up, his elbows behind her knees, and started fucking her so hard his low-hanging balls were slapping against her ass! And Gina's making little barking noises with every slap."
I'm now actively managing a hard on.
"This girl I'd never met before just appeared over my shoulder," she said, to light laughter. "I swear, she was like a fucking ninja, never heard her coming. She just appears and I hear her, with like, awe in her voice, say...'whoa.'"
We all laughed hard again, breaking the tension a little.
"Whoa is fucking right, bitch!" Mandy yelled over the laughter, making us laugh more.
"This bitch stays, too," Mandy continued, her tone changing back to sultress. "They both pretended they didn't have an audience but CLEARLY they both liked it. Gina starts saying, literally, like, between pants, 'I. want. you. to. cum. on. my. face.'"
Tension laughter again.
"By the way, I haven't mentioned it yet, but he is RAW DOGGING her," Mandy said. "She's gradually spread her legs so wide, like she's doing the splits, but knees still bent. And she's beating her clit like it fucking owes her money!"
I glanced around the room and decided the other guys are probably concealing boners, too. Except Brian. He was leaned back in his gym shorts. I was pretty sure I could make out his dick, pointed sideways and potentially at half-mast. I was pretty much full-mast.
"Me and my new friend have kind of crowded in by this point and we can see everything," Mandy said, obviously a little hot and bothered herself. "James says dramatically, 'it's time,' haha, and pulls his dick out and starts jacking.
"Gina scrambles down off the sink, squats down and sticks her tongue out, right under the tip of James' dick. And resumes furiously rubbing her clit while she moans and waits for his cum."
She was almost whispering by this point, like she's telling a ghost story and none of us were really even hiding our collective arousal. I noticed a lot of the girls had their legs squeezed tightly together. Brian was still leaned back and definitely sporting some wood. I caught Bella, who was sitting right next to him, glance down at his dick.
"Guys, I'm not gonna lie, I was turned right the fuck on by this point," Mandy continued. "What had started as a curiosity now had me all fucking horny. Hell, it's making me horny now."
We all nodded. We understood. We were horny, too.
"I can't believe I'm telling you this," Mandy said. "But as Gina got down from the sink, I stepped up to James. I started rubbing his ass with my left hand and his hip with my right. I started circling my hand closer and closer to his groin.
"The other watcher came around behind James to his other side and we started both rubbing our hands all over his balls and the base of his dick."
"Fuck yeah," I muttered before I could stop myself.
I was immediately self-conscious, but everyone just nodded and stared at Mandy, waiting for her to continue.
"Guys, his cock was perfect," she practically panted. "It was long and thick and hard as a rock. His pubes were almost completely shaved. His balls were smooth and swung back and forth as he pumped his dick. I gotta be honest, that hot cock had me..."
She trailed off.
"Soaking wet?" Zane offered.
"So fucking wet!" Mandy exclaimed to more nervous laughter. "But no matter how turned on I was, I didn't compare to James. His body was tensing up, breath growing ragged.
"And then he just fucking erupted. Zane, there is literally cum on the mirror in your bathroom. He would have blasted 10 feet if the wall hadn't been there. The first blast got in Gina's eye and in her hair."
"That's why she left so early!" Brian interjected. "I noticed her duck out."
"Yeah," Mandy said. "She had cum hair. I think the force of his ejaculation surprised him so he took a step back and aimed for her chest and his second jet painted those perfect tits. Then she clamped down on his cock and he fucked her mouth for several more spasms.
"It was, without a doubt, the hottest thing I've ever seen."
"Holy shit, Mandy," Zane said. "That story is fucking incredible."
"It's not quite over," Mandy said quietly, then buried her face in her hands. "Holy shit, I can't tell you guys this!"
"What'd you do, suck his dick?" I asked with a laugh, just teasing.
"I totally sucked his dick," Mandy said, nodding her head. "I couldn't resist. I pulled his still hard cock out of Gina's mouth and, without thinking, bent over and put it in mine. I could still taste Gina's pussy. Oh my god, it's so humiliating but it was so good. I'd do it again. You guys probably think I'm such a slut."
We all started talking at once, reassuring her we loved her story and didn't think less of her at all. Bella spoke for us all.
"You just gave in to natural urges," Bella said. "Fuck, I might have ended up naked and bent over the sink, letting that stud switch pussies whenever he wanted."
"He was pretty impossible to resist," Mandy agreed.
There were a few moments of stunned silence before I asked what happened next.
"Yeah, Gina seemed a little embarrassed after the passion died down," Mandy said. "All three of us girls maybe felt it a little. Not James. That motherfucker was a boss. Didn't so much as get a tissue to clean off his dick. Just pulled his shorts up - didn't even tuck that semi into his waist band like a normal perv, just let it tent that shit out - threw his shirt on and said, I quote, 'thanks, ladies. That was fucking awesome.' And he walked out!
"Meanwhile, Gina is still squatted on the floor, completely naked and covered in his cum! The other girl and I - I still don't know her fucking name - we helped her get up and tried to reassure her how hot we thought that was."
She paused for a moment and we could all tell she recalled something funny. In fact, she seemed to be working very hard to hold back her laughter, tears welling up as she tried to stay composed enough to tell us the end of the story.
"And guys, then I say to Gina," she paused again, straining for composure, "'I've really gotta pee!'"
We all burst out laughing. Mandy stood up and acted the whole scene out.
"I'm like, 'I'm really sorry. Do you want to stay? You can just stay. I'm just gonna shut this door and sit down here, oh holy mother of god I've been holding that a while.'
"And the whole time Gina is just, like, awkwardly starting at me. Like I'm the crazy one. So I left her to her hazmat cleanup as quick as I could. That was the best piss I've had in months, too."
Zane was shushing us again, all of us thankful for the laughter that ratcheted down the sexual tension. He finally got us quiet again.
"My story pales in comparison to that one!," he said. "But I think you guys will find this funny."
He went on, but I barely heard him. I barely heard much of the ensuing conversation. The joints had gone around too many times to count during Mandy's story so I was high as fuck. Zane must have pulled out reinforcements because I was blazed. And weed makes me horny so I was having a hard time getting Mandy's story out of my head.
I wondered what would have happened if I had been the one to walk in on them. Would I have had the balls to stay? Would they have let me stand there and jerk off? Would James have known I was at least partially jerking to him? Would Gina have wanted to fuck me? Were they wanting to get caught? Did they leave the door unlocked on purpose?
My erection was not going to go away with this line of thinking and my dick was throbbing by that point. Plus, my legs were getting as stiff as my cock. I needed to stretch out but couldn't in my current state. So I focused on rejoining the conversation which by then was in much safer territory.
Everyone had shared a story or two from their experience at the party and our stomachs hurt from the laughter when the conversation finally lulled. Mandy spoke up.
"Shall we play a game?" she asked.
We had a few group party games we liked to play. We wore out a Cards Against Humanity deck before it was everywhere. We loved charades, Name That Tune and a few others.
"Oh, do you guys play Truth or Dare?" Katie asked.
We never had. Listening to Mandy's story was the most sexually adventurous thing we'd ever done as a group. Besides Evan and Carli, there hadn't even been any dating between members of our group. Zane had dated a girl that used to be in the group but we kept him and not her after the breakup. We always told him because of the cool apartment. But the breakup and loss of friendships made everyone a little gun shy about dating within the group.
Playing Truth or Dare was one of my biggest sexual fantasies, a fact I had actually just shared with Zane a month earlier. We'd gotten high one night and had a really sexually charged conversation about our deepest, darkest fantasies. I told him a lot of shit that night. We actually ended up masturbating together that night for the first time, a story for another day.
Anyway, I had jacked off a ton of times to Truth or Dare fantasies. I even loved the staged Truth or Dare porn videos. The thought of playing with my friends was almost too much to handle.
"We actually haven't," Zane said, then he glanced at me before looking back at Katie. He clearly remembered my fantasy. "But, uh, there's a first time for everything. What do you think, guys? Should tonight be the night?"
Everyone seemed reluctant to be too eager. So I finally said, as casually as I could, "I'll play."
That broke the ice. Everyone tried to play it cool, but we all wanted to play. Then I spoke up.
"Before we start, I just want to say I think consent is still really important," I said. "I'm glad everyone wants to play, but we should all agree any dares involving another player are subject to consent. And any of us, guy or girl, can bow out at any time if they ever feel uncomfortable. Agreed?"
I'd once had a sexual encounter where consent was very nearly misunderstood. I vowed to never make that mistake again so it was important to me. The group agreed and seemed glad I'd said it. Carli was sitting next to me and gave me a little side hug.
Zane lit up two more fat joints and passed them around. We used the "most recent pooper" clause from Cards Against Humanity to determine that Brian would go first.
"Mark, Truth or Dare?" Brian asked.
"Oh, uh, truth," I said, nervous about going first.
"During Mandy's story, were you checking out my cock? Just like you checked out James' cock at the party?" Brian asked, looking me dead in the eyes.
My heart stopped. All eyes turned to me. I glanced at Zane who seemed barely able to contain his joy at my discomfort.
"Jesus," I said. "Uhhh, wow."
I didn't want to be the pussy that lost on the first turn. Besides, if I refused to answer that would be the answer. I thought about lying. But the spirit of the game won out.
"Fuck," I said, stalling just a bit longer. "Yes. Guys, I might be bisexual. I was as excited to see gym shorts bulges tonight as I was you hot girls in your nighties. Fuck."
"You don't have to explain yourself, sweetie," said Tasha. "I like what you said about consent. But I don't want the game to be about shame, either."
"I think he likes the shame," Zane said knowingly. I blushed.
"Maybe. But this should be more about getting to know each other intimately and exploring our boundaries. Let's not judge each other for our purely natural, sexual desires."
Tasha was usually quiet but was often pretty profound when she spoke up. She was the social conscience of the group and I'd never found her more attractive than in that moment. Her words were liberating.
"For the record," Brian said, "I wasn't trying to shame you. I genuinely wanted to know. But sorry if I made you uncomfortable with that one right out of the gate.
"I think I'm straight. But the idea of another guy getting enjoyment out of looking at my cock, well, it doesn't turn me off."
"Thanks," I said. "Both of you. It means a lot. I needed to share that with you guys anyway. I'm glad you know. Tasha. Truth or Dare?"
Tasha smiled.
"Dare," she answered, with a twinkle in her eye.
"I dare you to come kiss me with those sweet lips of yours."
We both stood and stepped to the middle of the group. She was athletic and voluptuous, with skin the color of cocoa. I was prepared for a nice, safe kiss. What I got was lust. Tasha grabbed my face with both hands and pulled me hard to her lips. They instantly parted and she darted her tongue into my mouth. She grabbed my hand and put it on her breast. I felt her up and we made out passionately for 15 seconds in front of our friends before she roughly pushed me away and returned to her chair.
I stood stunned for a moment.
"Now I'm looking at your bulge," Brian said. "Easy there, cowboy. Shit. Maybe I am bi."
"Yeah, holy fuck, Mark," Zane chimed in. "I dare you to show us your cock."
I blushed and returned to my seat, blood rushing to my penis and face.
"It's not your turn," I protested.
"I dare you to show us your cock," Tasha said. "It IS my turn."
"I pick Truth!" I practically whined.
"Fine," Zane said. "Ask him what his deepest fantasy is. He just told me last month so I'll know if he's lying."
I sat open-mouthed, gawking at Zane. I felt betrayed. How could he throw me under the bus like that?
"Well, Mark," Tasha said. "What's your deepest, darkest fantasy?"
I hung my head defeated.
"To be an exhibitionist slut," I muttered.
"Speak up, Mark," Tasha said. "Remember, no shame here."
I looked up, mustering confidence I didn't really feel.
"To be an exhibitionist slut," I said. "To be caught or watched by someone while I masturbate or fuck. Mandy, your story was so fucking hot. I wanted to be you, watching, because I guess I'm a voyeur, too, but I really wanted to be James. I gotta be honest, it got me so hard I was trying to cover up."
"You weren't the only one, brother," Sean said.
"The truth is, my deepest fantasy is pretty much what James lived out tonight and I'm going to jerk off to that story as soon as I go to bed."
Zane leaned forward.
"Why don't you do it now," he said. "I dare you."
My resolve was melting. I've decided there are scales that control males' decision-making. Your head is on one side, your dick on the other. Most of the time, the scales are tipped towards your head. But the higher and hornier you get, the more you think with your cock. The scales were dangerously close to tipping.
"Nobody wants to watch me jerk off," I protested.
"Actually," Mandy said, after a few seconds of silence, "this night is getting crazy, but I think we do want to watch you jerk off."
"I sure as fuck do," Tasha said.
"Everyone does, Mark," Zane cooed. "You also confided something else to me last month. Are you wearing a cock ring right now? You told me how much it turns you on to wear it all the time. You like the way it feels on your completely shaved skin."
I nodded. I was wearing my cock ring. And it was feeling pretty snug at that moment wrapped around my throbbing dick. I also realized in horror I had thrown on tighty whities earlier that night. Old Hanes briefs I only wore in an emergency, with a hamper full of dirty laundry qualifying as emergency.
"Lean back in your chair," Zane commanded.
I was almost hypnotized by him at this point so I did but I kept my hands over my pronounced boner.
"Move your hands," Zane said.
I couldn't believe this was happening. The head was struggling to keep control of my actions. I did as I was told. Tasha moaned loudly at the sight of my tented up shorts. Brian leaned forward in his seat. I abruptly sat up and covered up. The head regained control.
"I can't," I panted.
"Oh, but you can," Zane said, unfazed. "You know you want to."
"Hell, I'm about to," Brian interjected.
I glanced over at Brian and noticed his hard dick practically poking through his shorts. He wasn't hiding his arousal.
"If it's ok, Brian, I'd love it if the rest of us could wait," Zane said calmly. "I want our little exhibitionist slut here to be the only dirty little whore who jerks off in front of his friends."
I audibly moaned.
"Take that fucking cock out for me," Tasha demanded.
"Do it," Katie said.
The others were all nodding.
"Jerk off for us, you little perv," said Mandy. "God damn, I haven't been this wet in, what, at least an hour!"
Laughter again ratcheted down the tension, but only for a moment for me. My shy and conservative side was waging all-out war against my exhibitionist slut side.
"Just take your shirt off," Zane said. "Do it."
I was basically at his mercy for all but the most scary commands. I did it, revealing my smooth and lean torso. I was a serious swimmer but I think most of the girls were surprised at my physique.
"Now your shorts," Zane said. "Take 'em off."
"I can't!" I protested. "I was out of clean underwear."
"Wait, so you're freeballing, too?" asked Brian.
"No. Worse," I said. "I'm wearing tighty whities."
"Perfect," Zane said, then leaned down right into my ear and whispered loudly enough for all to hear. "Your humiliation will be complete, you little whore. Show us your old man underwear. Take off your shorts. Now."
"Ok ok," I said. "Fuckfuckfuckfuck."
I lifted my ass slightly off the chair and pulled my shorts down and off but leaned forward. I was wearing nothing but my white cotton briefs in front of all my fully clothed friends.
"Show us," Zane said. "Show us your big tighty whitey bulge."
I slowly leaned back and moved my hands out of the way. I glanced down and what I saw made my cock twitch, which everyone noticed. My dick was pointing straight up to my chin. The outline was so lewd I could make out blood vessels. My briefs were straining to contain my hard on so much the waistband was pulled off my stomach. My balls were tightly pulled forward by the cock ring, straining the fabric almost as much as my cock was.
"Good," Zane said breathlessly. "I want you to move your dickhead over to the side, where the fabric is thinner."
I did as I was told.
"Fuck, dude," Evan said. "We can totally see your dick."
I moaned instead of covering up. The scales were tipping. I started lightly running my fingers over my cock as I held it over.
"Mmmm," Zane purred in my ear. "Why don't you slip your hand inside your underwear. You don't have to show us anything yet, but we'll know what you're doing, you little perv."
"Fuuuuccckkk," I said as my hand made direct contact with my throbbing dick.
I was losing touch with the room. The chemicals released during arousal were combining with the weed to send me into my own world. Being in the room was the only thing keeping me from openly masturbating. I remember thinking I was already past the point of no return. I was unlikely to resist doing whatever Zane told me to do.
"I want you to wrap your hand around your cock shaft," Zane said. "Good. Now start to pump your shaft. Yes. Point it straight up. You're not completely exposed. At least not yet. But we definitely know what you're doing, naughty boy."
"I'm so fucking naughty," I panted.
I was barely concealed and obviously masturbating. I was close to full release of my inhibitions when Zane pulled me back.
"Oh, Mark," he said.
He held up a bottle of poppers.
"Fuck," I said.
"You wanna tell the rest of the class what this is?"
Speaking required me to regain my faculties enough that I was suddenly very aware just how exposed I was. Slouched all the way down in my chair, cock in hand, barely concealed by see-through white fabric. I pulled my hand out. My erection flopped against my belly.
Part of me was mad at Zane for violating my trust. Most of me was massively turned on at seeing them. The thought of using them in front of my friends made my dick that much harder.
"Those are poppers," I said. "They give you a short-term rush that takes sex, masturbation and especially orgasms to a whole other level."
"And they're really only used by sluts, right?" Zane asked.
"Yes."
"And you are a user of poppers?" the interrogation continued.
"Yes."
"And in what way do they specifically affect you, Mark?" Zane asked.
"They turn me into an exhibitionist slut, sir," I replied. "They make me do things I wouldn't ordinarily do."
"Like jerk off in front of your friends?" asked Zane.
"Well, not before," I said. "But yeah, I'm guessing they will tonight."
I'd already decided to take a hit when I was told to and I knew that meant jacking off for my friends was inevitable. Admitting it out loud was another turn on. Then Zane pulled out another bottle.
"You prefer to jack with lube, yes?" he said.
Again, I could only manage a nod.
"Jesus," Brian muttered.
My whole body was beginning to shake. Just seeing the lube and little brown poppers bottle had me tingling all over. My dick was involuntarily twitching. Any possible consequences faded to the background. I was excited.
"One last thing," Zane said.
I was staring at those bottles with lust in my eyes. My dick was aching. Orgasm would be the only relief.
"You said earlier you thought you might be bisexual," Zane stated as I nodded. "That's not true, is it? Because you know for sure you're bisexual. Because this is your favorite porn on the internet, right?"
He turned on the tv, switched inputs and there it was, all cued up. A video that started with a gay guy watching and helping as a straight couple fucked and ended with the girl and the gay guy switching places. It was 20 minutes of the best shit ever. I rarely made it five.
The fact my friends would know what sick porn fetishes I had was almost as horrifying as jacking off in front of them. All my darkest secrets were being revealed and it seemed like Zane had orchestrated the whole thing. I didn't know whether to be thankful or pissed. This was my biggest fantasy fulfilled but if it ended up with me being a friendless laughingstock all over campus it might not be worth it. But then again, fuck, it might.
Zane hit play. The gay guy was sucking on the "straight" guys toes while he made out with his girlfriend. When the camera zoomed out and revealed the gay guy was the only one completely naked and he was stroking a perfect, hard cock, my urgency to masturbate in front of my friends hit again full force.
I stared at the bottles as Zane picked them up. He unscrewed the poppers cap and handed me the bottle. My underwear had ridden down and most of my shaved pubic area was exposed. My cock was sticking straight out, barely contained. I let it bounce hands free while I used both mine to take two long drags in each nostril. I held it in as Zane poured some lube in my hand.
I pulled the waist band of my underwear out away from my body so I could use the lube and in the process exposed my whole seven-inch cock to Zane who was still standing over my shoulder, not to mention Carli and Evan who were sitting on either side of me and getting quite a view. I'm almost positive they both moaned. My lubed up hand wrapped around my dick, the liquid feeling like a wet mouth, at the same time the poppers rush was exploding my head. I could no longer resist. I started pumping my cock.
Suddenly a bright light turned on over my left shoulder. It was Zane's phone flash.
"I'm just gonna record this so you can always remember how big a slut you are," Zane said.
"Fuck," Brian whispered. He was swiveling his head back and forth between the porn and my masturbation. He was also rubbing his dick pretty brazenly and seemed desperate to free it.
"Now that you're backlit and everyone can see you anyway," Zane said, "tuck that waist band under your balls. Show everyone your cock, Mark."
The gay guy on screen was jerking off at the feet of the other guy who was on his back while the girl rode him. Watching him watch them melted the last of my resolve. I slowly lowered my waist band, very much aware of where I was but powerless now to stop myself.
As I exposed myself, Tasha moaned loudly and rubbed one of her tits. Mandy, for once, didn't have something funny or smart ass to say.
"Jesus," she half whispered. "That's the second absolutely perfect cock I've seen tonight. I think this one's even better. I've never seen one with a cock ring in person. That's fucking hot. And not a hair anywhere, you twinkie little perv."
Zane could tell I was getting close but he wanted my humiliation to last.
"Stop!" he commanded. "Take your underwear off."
I did without hesitation and leaned back, prepared to get back to it.
"Wait," Zane said.
He handed me the poppers. My dick twitched with anticipation as I took the hit. Zane poured an ounce of lube all over my cock and balls.
"Now you may resume," he said.
I was completely naked in front of my friends. I started jacking with both hands, my right pumping over the head of my cock, my left fingers rubbing my balls and my thumb rubbing the top of the base of my cock. Just as the bisex threesome on the screen switched positions.
The gay guy laid down on his back, head hanging off the bed. The girl got on top in a 69 position while the other guy stood and fucked her from behind. Gay guy was licking on his buddy's balls as he slammed his cock into his girlfriend's perfect pussy. When "straight" dude pulled his cock out and shoved it in the gay guy's mouth I saw stars.
Zane knew I was close. He leaned down and spoke right in my ear but again loud enough for everyone to hear.
"Do you want to do that to me, you little faggot?" Zane asked.
"Ahhhhhhh," was all I could respond.
"Sign me up for the role of the fucked chick," Tasha practically shouted.
"Do you want to watch my big dick fuck Tasha, and then let me shove it in your mouth?" Zane said.
"I'll make the fucking popcorn," said Mandy. "I'm watching the shit out of that."
"You'll be busy getting fucked yourself," Brian said while lewdly grabbing his dick.
"I am, am I?" Mandy said in her best fuck me tone. "Only if I'm situated where I can watch these three hotties fuck."
"I'm sure that can be arranged," Brian said with a pervy smile.
You know the sound a kid makes when they hum while sitting on something that vibrates, like a washer or something? That's the sound I made as my orgasm approached.
All eyes turned to me as it appeared the grand finale of the opening scene was approaching. I felt Zane's hot breath on my ear, then felt his tongue flick out and lick my left ear lobe. He reached around my body and pinched my nipple. My moan increased in volume and urgency.
"Show us your cumshot," he whispered. "I'm going to film your cumshot."
Tasha got up and walked around behind me to my right side and started really tonguing my right ear. Carli slid off her chair next to me and played with my other nipple. When her other hand started playing with my balls and the base of my cock like I was on the other side, I took one step closer to paradise.
But first, Mandy knelt in front of me, spread my legs, pulled me even lower in my chair, dipped her finger in some excess lube, and started playing with my asshole!
"Don't act like you don't love this," she said. "I've brought every guy I've ever been with to his knees with some ass play. Straight as an arrow, don't matter, they love this shit."
I felt hands all over me. My face looked like the Scream mask, frozen in a permanent but silent yell. My whole body shook as I pumped furiously.
"Show us your cumshot," Zane whispered again. "And don't you other bitches try and catch it in your mouth. I want to see how far he shoots it. You may lick him clean, if you like."
Tasha moaned in my other ear at the thought. I took one last glance around the room. Thank goodness, everyone was into it. All the guys had their hands down their pants. Katie had taken her shorts off at some point and had her hands inside some little red, lace panties that matched her little red, lacy tank top. She was masturbating nearly as furiously as me. I'm pretty sure I couldn't have stopped if they weren't into it, but I was relieved.
Zane held the poppers to my nose for me and pinched my other nostril. I kept pumping as I inhaled.
"Show us your cumshot," Zane demanded.
"Holy fuck!" I panted, desperate for release. Mandy shoved her finger in my ass.
"Aaaaahhhhh!! AAAAHHHHH!!" I shouted as the first blast of cum erupted from my cock and into the air. It left a trail on my body from my head to my belly button. Tasha kind of yelped as I got some on her, too.
Everyone in the room made some kind of exclamation but I hear Brian's in my head when I remember this moment.
"Fuck and yes," he said simply.
The second spurt went almost as far, hitting my chin and painting my chest.
"God damn, baby," Tasha said in my ear.
I've never squirted so far, before or since, and never so many times. It took six or seven blasts of cum before the spasms subsided. Mandy pulled her finger out of my asshole but kept rubbing the area, sending bolts of electricity through my whole groin. Then she grabbed my cock and dove her mouth on it.
"Fuuuuccckkk!" I moaned. She might have sucked another rope of cum out. Carli scooped some cum off my chest and made eye contact with me as she put it in her mouth. Jesus, I've turned everyone into complete whores, I thought.
Tasha stuck her tongue on my chin and dragged it up to my lips, bringing a substantial amount of cum with her which she stuck right in my mouth. We kissed deeply, both of us tasting my cum. I felt the phone camera move in close.
"Annnnddd, scene!" Zane finally said, stopping the recording. "Holy fuck, Mark!"
"Holy fuck is right," Brian said. "Am I allowed to take my cock out now?"
"Soon," Zane said and turned to me. "Dude, you just lived out your sexual fantasy. What do you feel?"
"A mixture of elation and humiliation," I said. "Mostly just spent."
"Yeah, the shame is part of it, isn't it?" Zane said. "But you'll still jack off to that forever. Permanently in the spank bank. I think for all of us. But only you get the video."
Heads nodded around the room, including mine.
"And you better recharge quick, pal," he continued. "I think you're needed for this next part as well."
More nods. About that time, the porn people changed positions. The "straight" guy sat on the bed and the gay guy reverse cowgirl impaled himself on that cock while his own was just rock hard. It was the hot girl's turn to watch some fucking.
"Do you want to do THAT to me?" Sean asked. "I've never let a guy fuck me but I've been thinking about it. I want your cock to pop my cherry."
"Holy shit, Sean," I said. "I had no idea you'd be into that. Hell, you hadn't said much tonight, I wasn't sure you were into all this at all."
He pulled his gym shorts down to free a rock hard, completely bald cock. My softening member twitched and I made no effort to hide the cartoon eyes I was giving his perfect dick.
"Do you think I was into it now?" he asked.
"Amazing," I said.
"Let's take 5," Zane said. "Let Mark get cleaned up."
"I gotta piss again," Mandy said.
"I need a fucking drink," Brian added.
"Mark, go pull yourself together, for god's sake," Zane said. "Get a quick shower, wash all the lube and cum off, and then get back in here. And don't you dare put a stitch of clothing back on. You will not be allowed to cover up the rest of the night."
I once again did as I was told. My dick was soft by then, still wet from the lube and Mandy's spit. I took the cumwalk of shame straight to the shower. My cock twitched as I paraded by my friends. Craziest night of my life, but perhaps the night was still young.
To be continued...