Jessica sighed as she considered what to wear for her husband; she was torn between something practical and sensible or something sexy. Wearing something sexy would trigger the attention of both her husband and looks from other men. Something sensible would bring certain tutting and disapproval from her husband. She knew that she would crave the attention of her husband but worried about what he would think about the attention of others. This both excited her and thrilled her so really the choice was made. Jessica would dress to impress.
Still in her in prime Jessica was a good looking 36 year old woman, with the same tight body that she had 15 years ago when she had been much more daring in her choice of clothes. With long legs and a bum to die for, her blond hair enhanced her girl next door looks. As she looked at herself in the mirror Jessica saw a beautiful woman in her prime and knew that she could still turn heads.
What to wear to look both sexy and elegant at the same time.
Jessica looked through her wardrobe and tried a number of dresses on, beginning to feel quite turned on by the fact that she was not wearing underwear while she tried the clothes on. Eventually she made her choice, a short red dress which showed her legs to perfection. Really the dress was on the short side and she knew that she would need to be careful when sitting down. With the choice of dress made, she turned her attention to underwear. Deciding to go for broke, she choose a red thong and bra and looked at the results in the mirror, seeing a very classy woman who she knew would be ravished by her husband later in the evening. But first to tease and ensure that he was as turned on as possible.
Jessica did her makeup and straightened her hair in her underwear and noticed with a smile that she had left the curtains undone. She lived in the countryside so this really wasn't a problem, with only the occasional dog walker passing the house who could see her. A shiver went down her back and her pussy sprung into life at the thought of somebody seeing her dressed only in her underwear. She began to feel a sudden tingling in her sex at the thought. Feeling mischievous she stood up and walked over to the window to see if there was anybody walking past, if seen she would of course pretend that she had not realised that the curtains were not drawn and duck out of the way. Nobody was there and Jessica felt a sense of relief and disappointment at the same time.
Standing at the window, looking out, she felt the need to touch herself and found that she was wet and breathing more heavily. Dare she bring herself off right here, in front of the window with the light on; her was husband downstairs and the children in bed. She smiled a knowing smile that confirmed that she could and would.
If I am going to do this then better I completely go for it.
Jessica's heart was racing and her excitement was increasing. She unclipped her bra and let the bra fall to the floor.
What if somebody was looking, what if a dog walker was out there in the dark, how she would know.
Jessica gently played with her nipples as she wondered about these questions. Her nipples were becoming hard and her sense of arousal was entering an unstoppable stage. Turning her back to the window she pulled her thong from her whilst pointing her bum towards the window, she was almost dripping.
Turning back to the window she viewed herself in the reflection, her nipples now very hard and she moved her left hand to touch and gently tug on her left breast. Her right hand moved to her sex, moving over her Brazilian waxed pussy and let a finger slide along her lips and clitoris. She smiled, wondering if somebody was out there and thought about the show she was giving. Her pussy was very wet and she knew she needed some relief from the throbbing. Moving back from the window and sitting and then laying on the bed opposite the mirrored glass wardrobe, she lay on her back and opened her legs so she could masturbate whilst watching herself in the mirror. She wondered if her husband would come in now and see her in this state, the thought only added to her rising excitement. Knowing that her husband was downstairs talking to his parents ruled out her being able to get him so he could push his cock inside her, although she was sorely tempted to put on a dressing gown to get him.
Jessica longed for the door to open so he could pump her frantically. Her sex was sodden and as she masturbated with long stokes over her clitoris she knew that she was close to a mind blowing orgasm.
Jessica asked herself why her husband didn't come through the door; she needed to feel his cock inside her now.
Stroke after stroke brought her closer to coming and she glanced at the window and wondered if anybody could see her, of course she knew the answer was no but it only added to her sense of danger and excitement. Her left hand was now pulling her nipples whilst her right hand moved faster and faster, when suddenly her organism came and completely over powered her. Her body was shaking with lust and desire and she enjoyed the feeling of the orgasm as it drove through her. Breathing heavily Jessica moved her hands and used both to gently caress her tits whilst the waves of orgasm slowed down.
How exciting and the evening had not even started yet.
After a short while Jessica felt a sense of time and stood up, and once more looked out of the window. Was there somebody there, she wasn't sure. Secretly she wanted somebody to be there to see her.
I am a dirty girl she thought to herself and then continued to fix her hair with no clothes on. Seeing her underwear on the floor gave her an idea for later in the evening, Jessica shivered at her excitement of how she was going to tease her husband.
Getting dressed quickly she took one final look at herself in the mirror and smiled at how glamorously sexy she looked. Seeing the wet patch on the bed where she had masturbated only added to her sense of excitement.
Jessica and her husband said their goodbyes and left in her convertible sports car. Her husband drove and they intended to get a taxi back later. She sat and let her dress ride high on her legs which proved to be quite distracting for her husband. They had booked a table at a local country pub and Jessica knew that she would be quite well dressed for the occasion. On reaching the pub her husband saw the opportunity of rushing around to open the door to perhaps steal a glance at her legs. She knew he would do this so ensured that she parted her legs while exiting the car to ensure he could see her thong and let her dress move right up to her underwear. As she got out she kissed her husband on the lips and smiled seductively, eventually she moved her dress back down her legs in a slow manner which suggested that she was in full control.
They were shown to their table and she knew that she drew appreciative glances from both men and women; the cute waitress complemented her on her dress. The angle of the table allowed her husband to see her from the side and he noticed that after the waitress had left that she had delicately moved her dress slightly up her legs to show more leg, she smiled at her husband when she saw that he had noticed
Would you like to see more or is this already too much?
Before he could reply her hand moved to move the dress even higher to just below her knicker line, anymore would be indecent.
They enjoyed their dinner, after which she excused herself to visit the ladies. Ensuring that her husband and anybody behind had a wonderful glance at her thong as she got up. She made no effort to readjust her dress which stayed high up her legs as she walked to the ladies. On returning she had once again pulled the dress down to a respectable level and walked smiling at her husband as she walked over.
"Let's go into town and get a taxi back."
As Jessica's husband opened the car door Jessica moved over to kiss him hard and placed her hand on his hardening cock and balls.
I am going to take good care of these tonight, but before then I am going to tease you silly.
Her husband groaned and wondered what Jessica was planning.
The journey back to town was uneventful other than Jessica moving her dress completely up to her thong, with her high heels on she knew that she looked very sexy and must be driving him made crazy with lust. Once again at the car park, she treated him to a full view of her thong as she got out of the car and again kissed him hard, breathing heavily. Jessica was becoming wet again and her thong had a definite wet patch.
They went to a popular bar in town and Jessica chose a place to sit where they were sitting on stools at a table. Her husband went to get the drinks. On his return he noted that her dress had once again risen up her legs and that she was receiving several glances from a table of men opposite her. Although acting oblivious to this Jessica knew they were eyeing her up which only added to her rising levels of excitement. She leaned over.
Let's just have one drink as I am becoming very wet and need your cock inside me.
I need to suck you so you nearly come and then I would like you to plunge your cock inside me.
As she spoke, her hand moved to his lap and felt his rising hard on through his trousers. He wondered how on earth he was going to get out of the pub without people noticing.
Her left hand then joined the right hand and she passed him something. Looking down he saw her red thong in his hands and she smiled very sweetly at him.
I have also taken off my bra so this dress is all there is between me and the rest of the world. I am very turned on!
Jessica then proceeded to tell him why it had taken her so long to get ready.
I hope you don't mind but I was feeling so naughty that I just had to come.
He noticed that her dress was still high on her legs and when she saw that he was looking she smiled and opened her legs more so he could see her bare pussy.
She left her legs like that for a minute or so to also ensure that the table behind them could also see if they were looking. Her pussy was on fire and her skin was tingling with excitement. If she could have done so, she would have her husband fuck here and now whilst she bent over the table.
As they finished their drink they left the table, Jessica ensured that as she got off the stool that her dress raised to her pussy and she looked to see if the men opposite had noticed. Her husband had noticed and smiled. She was pleased to see a couple of the men nudge each other and then look away quickly when she saw that they were looking. Jessica smiled her sexiest smile to the men and then waved goodbye. As they left the pub, she did not adjust her dress so it once again rode high on her legs and made their way to the taxi rank.
There was a car available so they both got in the back, Jessica leaned over and kissed her husband hard.
That was exciting, did you like that those men were eyeing me up and looking up my dress - it certainly turned me on.
Her husband smiled his approval knowing that he was the one and only one who would get to this fuck his beautiful wife. She opened her legs, moved her dress up her legs and placed one of her husband's hands on her pussy. His touch was like electricity and she nearly came at once at the back of the taxi. The driver glanced backward but she was too far gone to care, her breathing was erratic, her pussy soaked with her juices. They reached home and her husband paid the taxi driver quickly.
Jessica got out of the taxi, almost shaking, with her dress around her stomach which she made no effort to cover up. She simply swayed up to the door showing the taxi driver her pert bum as she walked up the drive. Her husband followed shortly after her. Before they reached the back door she got to her knees.
Please put your cock in my mouth, I am yours to do with what you want, I will do anything.
He moved too her and she eagerly got his cock out and began sucking him, taking deep dives as she did she reached her hand down to masturbate her drenched pussy.
Just before her husband was about to come she abruptly stopped, stood up, pulled her dress down and walked into the house, leaving her husband with a raging hard on, which he tried to somehow put into his trousers and try to look respectable.
They made small talk with his parents until they left for the night, which seemed to take a very long time. During this time Jessica conducted herself with the utmost decorum even though her pussy was on fire with need and lust. He showed them to door and as he walked back into the room, Jessica had her legs crossed with the dress riding very high.
Please do with me as you want, all I ask is that whatever that is, we do it with the curtains open.