If you haven't read the first chapter of this story then please do read it and comment on the story, this chapter is continuation of the first chapter.
All the characters in this story are 18 and above.
By now it is almost a month from the day I have begun my exhibitionism. This morning I decided to go for a run. I was all set for run, wearing my tight sweat pants and a very thin and tight white cotton t-shirt through which my nipples trace could be seen clearly. I had decided a place where most people of my city would come for walk or jog.
After experiencing glance by many pairs of eyes on my poking nipples I reached the park. I was happy to see the park was almost crowder than usual, so that I would get many audience for my show. I started my run with slow pace and within minutes I was on good tempo, by now my boobs were jiggling because I hadn't wore any of my inners. Majority of the crowd had started concentrating on me because all the other girls who were running had their sports bra inside.
I was so turned on by the glances I was getting from all the men and women around there, which made my blue sweat pants to get a wet spot on it showing impression of camel toe in front. By now it was so wet that most of the people were noticing both my boobs and my spot created by my dripping pussy. By now I somehow wanted to masturbate.
But unpredicted it started to rain suddenly, all of them who had come to enhance their health ran towards the shed that was built inside park. I was totally disappointed, but only before I noticed my t-shirt was wet and had gone totally transparent, my nipples were on display for whom ever bothered to see. So I decided to walk towards the shed, however everyone would think that it was an accident. When I reached the shed everyone's eyes were fixed on my boobs. I acted as if I hadn't even noticed that my dress was transparent, but my tingling pussy was not letting me to act so.
Within 15 minutes the rain stopped and I headed towards my home. Throughout the road I enjoyed my tingling pussy and the viewers. I reached my house and knocked the door, my mom greeted me with shocked expression on her face. As soon as I entered the main hall I removed my dress and threw it to laundry basket, and ran towards couch to finish me off.
That night when I was on my bed I was thinking of adventure I had this morning and I wanted to be totally nude infront of people. In India there were no nude beaches our anything else, the only way to be nude in public was holy bath in the river. So I planned to ask my mom about holy bath.
Next morning I got up naked as usual and went to kitchen, my dad was sitting on the couch I smiled to him and went inside kitchen to ask my mom about my last night's plan. I was happy she agreed for that, but she didn't know what my actual intention was on going for a holy trip.
***************************
FEW MONTHS LATER
Morning we boarded the train, now it is evening we have reached our place, tonight we will book a hotel room and tomorrow morning we will leave for the holy bath, with the help of a taxi reached the hotel. My dad booked room for the night. As soon as we reached the room I removed my dress. That night we ordered dinner to be delivered to our room, my mother went to recieve the order, deliver boy saw me on bed with no clothes on, he intentionally delayed returning balance to my mom. Meanwhile I was teasing him by pinching my nipples, I was sure that tonight he will masturbate thinking of me.
NEXT MORNING
I was very excited this morning. We asked auto driver to drop us near the river. When we reached the destination my dad went towards one side of river that was reserved for men and we both went to the other side that was reserved for females. But unfortunately, men and women were not able see each other as there were many trees and other naturally formed shields between us.
I saw there were more than hundreds of women bathing but none of them were naked other than small kids, every women there atleast had something to prevent their nudity. They had shall, peticot, slips and more like that but no-one of them were naked.
My mom and I, we both were bit far from the river. When I started to remove my clothes, my mom asked me why was I removing my clothes, we should walk atleast about two minutes to reach the river.
But I didn't mind to care for her words, I just removed all my clothes and gave them to mom, it was easy for me to remove my dress because I was not wearing any inners. All the women who were near us were looking towards me. I was enjoying my first public nudity. Then we both started to walk, I got hundreds of glances from many girls and women. By now my pussy was showing its reflexive action. After the walk we reached near the river, we both went behind a tree so that my mom could change her dress. My mom removed her saree and then her blouse and bra, she had breasts larger than me, they were slightly saggy, then she undid the knot of her peticoat and tied it above her breasts and finally she removed her white underwear, I was shocked to see even her underwear was wet.
The cold water felt good on my hot pussy, there were many of them bathing but the difference was, the only naked was me. I preffered to stay above the water most of the time so that everyone will get good view of my breasts and also clean shaven pussy. Finally we finished our bath and reached behind the same tree where we had left our clothes. My mom removed her peticoat revealing her breasts and hairy pussy, there we were two naked women behind the tree. My mom dried herself and wore her set of chudidar but this time without her inners, because I already had threw her inners.
My mom handed me the towel but I didn't accept the towel. Then we both walked the same distance that I had covered earlier without dressing, but this time totally wet. When I reached the earlier place there were more people than morning, I was feeling very special to be the only one naked there infront of so many people. So I asked my mom to click photos of me. She clicked many photos of naked me standing in middle of many dressed people. Then I dried myself and wore my dress back. After wearing my dress I lifted front hem of my mom's chudidar, as I had already planned I saw wet spot on her leggings. I slowly touched her wet pussy upon her leggings I felt how hot she was.
Then we met my dad and returned to our hotel room. As soon as I reached our room I jumped on the bed and removed my dress and started to play with my pussy, I saw my dad was busy with his own work so I was not bothered about him. So I started to finger myself accompanying it with rubbing my clit. Finally I came there on bed covering my fingers with my juices. Then for the first time I tasted my own juices by licking my fingers.
Next day we all boarded the train to our city home.
Please do comment...