College graduation day finally arrived. When they called out "Mindy Sparks", I proudly walked across the stage and received my diploma. Underneath my gown, I wore a light summer dress and white panties. I wasn't wearing a bra, but I was far from naked like some of my sorority sisters.
Audrie was one of the boldest exhibitionists in the sorority house. It was quite obvious that she didn't have a stitch of clothing on under her robe. As she pranced up to the stage, her big boobs bounced freely under her gown. The stage lights illuminated Audrie's dark bush beneath her gold satin robe, which was acknowledged by applause and catcalls from the guys in the audience.
When Audrie reached center stage, her face became red with embarrassment. It looked as if Audrie suddenly realized how sheer her graduation robe really was. Backlighting on the stage created a nude silhouette of Audrie's perfect body, which was viewable by everyone in attendance. This incited a collective gasp along with looks of disgust from many of the parents and grandmothers that turned out for the event. Cameras flashed throughout the arena as the barely dressed coed accepted her diploma and hurried back to her seat. I'll bet some of the fathers took more pictures of Audrie than they took of their own son or daughter.
Even though I acted like a good girl on graduation day, that doesn't mean I was an angel during finals week. I tried to be an angel, but once again a simple panty flash turned into a big mishap rendering me helplessly naked in front of a group of strangers.
The evening started out innocently enough. I went to a bar with my boyfriend, Vince, and I was perched on a high bar stool. Vince was playing darts with his friend, Duke, so I was left sitting alone at the bar, drinking a beer and reading my Business Studies book preparing for my last exam. I majored in Business Education with a Teaching Degree, which gives me the opportunity to teach business as well as work in an office setting.
Sitting at a table below me was a girl who looked to be in her twenties, along with two younger boys. The boys couldn't have been more than eighteen, but the bar is pretty lenient about serving minors during finals week. I was getting bored, so I thought I'd have a little fun and put on a show for them. I had a large glass of beer in front of me, but the peanuts were in a bowl a little out of my reach. I'm just slightly over five feet tall, so I had to stand on the foot rail of my bar stool and lean forward to grab a nut. This caused the hem of my short sundress to ride up in back, exposing my pale pink panties to the group below me.
I never looked down at the boys, but from the corner of my eye I could see that they were thrilled by the vision in front of them. I could feel their hungry eyes feasting on my panty clad backside as I slowly reached for the peanut. Everyone was getting quite an eyeful because my panties were practically see-through and only came halfway up my butt. I bought the tiny underpants so that when I wear low-cut jeans, my panties wouldn't show above the waistline. Of course, this meant that half of my butt-crack was hanging out above the thin elastic waistband and the other half was plainly visible through the very thin fabric of my little undies.
When I finally sat down, I should have stopped, but once again I let my emotions get the best of me. That's how I always get myself into trouble. Even though I was wearing a very short and skimpy dress, I thought, "What harm could come from showing off my panties to a few strangers?"
I tried to concentrate on my text book, but I couldn't resist the urge to let my panties pop out in public again. As I slowly leaned forward, I noticed that there was a mirror behind the bar. I was able to see the reflection of the girl and the two boys sitting with her. The girl was very cute with brown hair and a dazzling smile. The sparkle in her eyes was mesmerizing as she stared at me from behind. I hadn't been interested in a girl since I met Vince, but my boyfriend's lack of attention was forcing me to fulfill my needs elsewhere. After selecting a peanut, I sat back down on the stool, but my curiosity was overwhelming and I needed to find out if this beautiful girl had any interest in me.
The boys had shy nervous expressions on their faces as if they couldn't believe what they'd just witnessed. The girl on the other hand wore a confident smile on her face. She was definitely smiling at me, but I couldn't tell if she liked me or if she just enjoyed watching me tease the young boys.
I didn't want any more peanuts, but the attention I was receiving from the girl inspired me to reach for another one. As I leaned across the bar, the bartender came over and asked if I needed anything. I was wearing a dangerously short white button-down dress without a bra, and the top two buttons were open. Since I'm such a diminutive and petite girl, I was forced to lean over pretty far to reach the nuts.
I might be small, but my medium-sized breasts are full and firm. As I bent forward, my dress gapped in front giving the bartender a birds-eye view of my round rosy nipples. I took my time searching for the perfect nut as the bartender positioned himself so that he had an unobstructed view of my nearly naked breasts. With my barely covered butt on display for the people behind me and my titties exposed to the bartender in front of me, I began to feel aroused. My nipples started to harden and I began to experience that all too familiar sensation of wetness between my legs.
After giving the bartender a nice long look at my puffy pink nipples, I told him that I had everything I needed and started to sit back down on the stool. Then the funniest thing happened. While slowly sliding down into my seat, the hem of my short dress got snagged on the top of the chair behind me. I pretended not to notice and continued to sit down, but I could feel that my dress was flipped up in back. My smooth tan flesh was exposed all the way up to the small of my back, revealing my little pink underpants to the young boys behind me. It sent chills up my spine because I knew that my tiny panties only concealed half of my butt-crack, but I did nothing to correct the situation.
From the reflection in the mirror, I could tell that the girl was looking at me. She probably thought that I was completely unaware of my predicament. The beautiful girl giggled as she pointed out my quandary to the boys at her table. As the bartender brought me another large beer, I continued to study while acting as though I was oblivious to the awkward circumstances.
The young boys were free to check out my nearly naked butt until my jerk of a boyfriend and his equally annoying friend showed up. My boyfriend quietly came up behind me, tugged on the waistband of my underpants and dropped an ice cube down the crack of my ass. He startled me so I quickly turned around, but he didn't pull his finger out of my skimpy undies and I felt the thin elastic waistband of my tiny panties snap.
I sternly said, "You're so immature" as I leaned forward on the bar stool.
I promptly lifted the back of my skirt and reached down into my underwear to fish out the cold ice cube, probably exposing most of my bare ass to the boys at the table behind me in the process. The melting ice cube left a wet spot on my panties, which only made the see-through material even more transparent. I threw the ice cube on the floor and then I examined my damaged undies. My stupid boyfriend managed to break the elastic on the thin waistband near my right hip. This is the moment when I should have collected my belongings and left the bar, but I just couldn't resist the idea of teasing the shy young boys just a little more.
I stood up and turned my back to Duke, which forced me to face the group that had been watching me all night. In order to show Vince what he'd done to my underwear, I had to lift up my short sun dress. I may have over-exaggerated the need to raise my dress because I lifted the hem higher than my belly button. With my dress up so high, I was certain that the group could see my neatly trimmed auburn bush, which was barely hidden by my translucent panties.
I showed my boyfriend the broken elastic and said, "Thanks for ruining my underwear! I'll bet they're gonna fall right off."
The eyes of the young boys lit up when they heard that statement. The girl had a big smile on her face, too. She knew that I was kicking the boys' hormones into overdrive, and she seemed to like watching me torture them as they squirmed in their seats. The girl also gave me the impression that she liked watching me for her own personal pleasure, as she gave me a wink and licked her luscious wet lips.
With the young boys staring right at me, I wiggling my hips a little and then told Vince, "Look at my panties. You really ripped them. Now what am I going to do? See how they slide down my thighs when I move! I don't think they're gonna stay on much longer."
Duke yelled, "You're right, they won't!"
Then Duke reached under my short dress and pulled my underpants all the way down to the floor. I stepped out of my torn undies and without thinking, I bent over to pick them up. I no longer had any panties on, so when I bent over, my bare butt cheeks were pointed right at the girl and young boys seated behind me.
Reality suddenly set in and I remembered that I was completely naked under my dress. I was mortified when I looked back and saw that the girl and her young friends had an unobstructed view of my bare ass. With my knees straight and my legs slightly spread apart, I'll bet they could even see my tender pussy lips from behind.
I can be pretty bold when I'm wearing panties, but I'm a lot more self-conscious when I'm totally nude. Instead of directing my attention at the people behind me, I should have focused on securing my panties because Duke quickly grabbed my little undies off the floor before I had a chance to pick them up.
Duke started twirling my panties on his finger so I tried to snatch them away, but he was too quick far me and tossed them to my boyfriend. Vince held my undies high in the air, but I was determined to retrieve them. He's six-foot-four, which is over thirteen inches taller than me, so I was forced to jump for them.
Jumping up in a short dress with no underwear on underneath was a big mistake. When I jumped into the air, my short dress flew up exposing my bare butt and hairy triangle to everyone around me. Then my dress acted like a parachute as it slowly floated down, giving the people around me an extended peek at my nakedness.
With Vince holding my panties up high, I couldn't secure my dress and raise my arms at the same time. Therefore, I was forced to leave my extremely short sundress unrestrained as I leaped into the air. The young boys had front row seats for the spectacle and the girl sitting with them found the reaction on their faces to be priceless. I knew that the boys were getting glimpses of my ass and pussy, but I continued to act as if I was unaware of my public exposure because the cute brunette seemed to be enjoying it. She really liked seeing that I was a helpless innocent victim baring my butt and bush to a bar full of strangers. Watching me get humiliated in public looked like it was turning her on.
Finally, my boyfriend threw my panties and they landed on the bar. Duke tried to grab them, but I slapped his hand away. Unfortunately, his hand knocked over my freshly poured large glass of beer, which spilled onto the bar and ruined my text book. The beer also splashed off the bar and drenched the top of my dress. Now my nipples were even easier to see as the thin white cotton material became instantly transparent.
With everyone looking at my nearly naked breasts, I felt extremely vulnerable and held the text book in front of me. My boyfriend gave his friend a high-five as they started laughing. Duke even tried to take my book away and my drunken boyfriend made no attempt to come to my defense.
My eyes began to well up with tears as I declared, "Vince, you've ignored me all afternoon and when you finally showed up, you humiliated me in front of a bar full of strangers!"
He said, "Oh come on. We're just having a little fun."
I said, "Well the fun's over. I'm leaving and I never want to see you again!"
He said, "Why don't you get over yourself" as I grabbed my billfold and headed for the door with my text book clutched against my chest.
Vince tried to follow me, but Duke grabbed his arm and said, "Let her go. You don't need her."
I heard my boyfriend call out, "You're right. I don't have to put up with this crap" as I left the bar and I walked out into the night.
I began to head towards the campus when I sensed someone coming up behind me. Thinking that it was Vince, I yelled for him to go away, but it turned out to be the beautiful girl that was seated at the table behind me. She put her arm around me and gently brushed away the tears from my cheeks. Following the girl was the two young boys that had been sitting with her. I buried my head in the girl's bosoms, trying to hide my blushing face.
Everyone was quite for a moment, then I broke the silence and meekly said, "I'm so embarrassed. I was trying mind my own business and study for my final exam, but my jerk of a boyfriend decided it would be fun to expose me to his friend and everyone else in the bar. Then a beer spilled and ruined my book. I just hope no one saw my underwear."
The girl giggled and said, "Oh we saw a lot more than that!"
The boys snickered, and then she continued, "But you handled yourself very well. You don't need him. By the way, my name is Jennifer. I'm a grad student in the school of business and behind you are Andy and Brad. They're a couple of freshmen that I'm trying to tutor so that they can pass their exams."
I introduced myself and looked back to say hello to the boys, but they were too nervous to say hello back to me. Then Jennifer and I turned our heads and gave each other endearing smiles. She continued to keep her arm around my shoulders, but she lifted my text book from in front of me and examined it.
Jennifer said, "Your book is ruined" and then she tossed it into a nearby trash can.
I screeched, "Jennifer, you can see right through my dress. I was using that book to hide my boobs."
Jennifer replied, "I'm sorry. Hey, it's only eight o'clock. The Business School Office is still open. I'll bet I can find you another one. Who's your teacher?"
I replied, "Professor Wrissley."
She said, "I think he's still there. Let's stop by and find out."
I said, "But look at me. I'm practically naked!"
With a devious smile she said, "Don't worry. I'm sure he won't mind."
Her smile raised a red flag about her intentions for me. However, I was a little drunk and had just broken up with my boyfriend, so I continued walking with her because I couldn't resist her sweet caring personality. As we headed towards the School of Business Building, the young boys followed close behind. They watched intensely as an occasional breeze lifted my short dress up exposing my bare butt cheeks to them.
I tried to hold my dress down, but Jennifer pushed my hand away saying, "You don't have to guard your dress. You're among friends. Besides, those panties you were wearing barely covered your cute little behind anyway."
I explained, "Those panties were for my low-rise jeans so that they wouldn't hang out above the waistline when I bent over."
Jennifer said with a little laugh, "I solved that problem by not wearing any panties. See?"
I looked at Jennifer's butt and noticed a little bit of her butt-crack was showing above her short white shorts.
She smiled and said, "I like showing off my butt. I work out hard to look like this, so I'm not afraid to show it off. Besides, it gets the little boys' attention while I'm babysitting...err, I mean tutoring. It seems to drive the boys wild."
I said, "I'll bet it does. It's driving me wild right now" and she responded with a hug and a smile.
Jennifer has model good looks. She's tall and thin with long dark hair and a very pretty face. Her breasts aren't much bigger than mine, but they look round and perky. Jennifer's golden tanned skin was a sharp contrast to her peach tank top and flimsy white bra. She looked delicious and I wanted to eat her up.
We finally reached the Business Building and we had to climb a steep flight of stairs to get to the front door. Of course the boys followed behind, but they took their time so that they were several steps below Jennifer and me. It was obvious that they wanted to look up my dress, but neither Jennifer nor I made an issue of it. Once we were inside, Jennifer told the boys to get Professor Wrissley and then she led me into the kitchen area.
Jennifer said, "I think we need to wash off this beer. You smell like a brewery."
I watched nervously as Jennifer lathered up her hands, and then started caressing the front of my dress until it was all sudsy. She kept moistening her hands under the warm water and then rubbing them up and down the front of me. Jennifer looked me in the eyes and smiled as she gently squeezed my breasts through the wet fabric. The sensation of her gentle hands against my nipples was getting me excited, but then Professor Wrissley suddenly entered the room. Jennifer stood up and purposely stepped aside, leaving me standing there unprotected in my soaked white sundress.
Jennifer said, "Mindy's text book got ruined tonight. I was wondering if you had another one so she can study for your exam?"
Professor Wrissley observed my practically non-existent dress, chuckled and replied, "I have the exam on my desk. Maybe you should just take it now and get it over with."
Jennifer said, "That'd be great!"
Then Jennifer gave me a sinful grin and declared, "Professor Wrissley, I guess you'll need to sit and watch Mindy the whole time to make sure she doesn't cheat."
I squealed, "Jennifer! You know I'm practically naked" as I made a vein attempt to fold my arms across my chest.
A look of panic crossed my face as Professor Wrissley examined my sheer white dress. The dress was now sticking to me like a second skin because it was saturated with water, so Professor Wrissley had plenty to look at.
Acting like a true gentleman, he smiled and said, "No, Jennifer, I think I'll let you keep an eye on her. I'll be in the lounge. Let me know when you're finished."
When Professor Wrissley left the room, Jennifer began unbuttoning my dress so I squeaked, "What are you doing?"
She said, "I can't get the soap out. I'm going to have to rinse your dress in the sink."
After unbuttoning my dress, she quickly slipped it off my shoulders and in an instant I was naked in the middle of the Business School Building. As I stood there totally nude, Jennifer stuffed my dress into the sink and began running warm water over it.
I asked, "Can't we go into the women's restroom and do this?"
She replied, "Well, we've already started here, so we might as well finish up here."
I said, "But now I'm completely naked and anyone can walk into this room at any time!"
Jennifer said, "Would you quit worrying! It's late. There's hardly anybody here."
Then she turned to me and said, "I still need to get the soap off of you" and began running her slippery fingers up and down the front of my naked body.
Jennifer softly tickled my belly button and then proceeded to drag her ruby red fingernails up the front of me until she reached my taunt nipples. She used her fingertips to tease my super sensitive nipples and then she softly massaged my entire breasts. Her magic fingers felt magnificent and I was beginning to relax and enjoy the phenomenon that she was creating.
Jennifer looked down and sweetly said, "Aw, it looks like you've got a little soap on your girl fur. I'd better take care of that."
I quivered with anticipation as Jennifer slowly slid her hand down the front of my naked body until she reached my neatly trimmed auburn bush. She squatted to the side of me and began running her wet fingers through my pleasure patch with her left hand while gently dragging her soft fingertips up and down my hypersensitive butt-crack with her right hand. I moaned with delight as Jennifer inserted a finger into my moist pussy and slowly started moving it in and out. At that moment, one of the young boys came into the kitchen and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw that I was naked.
He nervously asked, "Jennifer, I...I have an economics question."
Jennifer sternly said, "Look what I'm doing! Can't you see I'm busy?" as she thrust her finger deep inside me.
Jennifer's handy work caused me to cry out in bliss right in front of the poor boy. The boy just stood there staring at me, which both embarrassed and excited me at the same time. There I was, a naked girl with another girl's finger in my pussy, right in the middle of a public building. And it was all witnessed by a young boy that I didn't even know.
I said in a moaning tone, "Um Jennifer, you do...oh that feels good...you do remember that I'm naked here, don't you? I mean, um...please don't stop what you're doing...um, I mean the boy can see me and I don't have any clothes on!"
She giggled and replied, "Of course I remember you're naked" and then she started making little circles inside of me with her finger, causing me to moan loudly as the boy continued to watch.
The feeling was building inside of me and I was about to have an orgasm when the other boy suddenly entered the room. The shocked look on his face was almost comical, but I was so close to the Promised Land that I couldn't pay much attention to him.
Suddenly Jennifer pulled her finger out and I squealed, "Oh no...please don't stop! I'm so close."
Jennifer ignored my pleas, pointed to the doorway and demanded, "Andy, Brad, get out of here. I'll talk to you later."
I was begging Jennifer to finish me off, but she took a nice long look at my nude body and said, "I can't get the soap off of you. Why don't you hop up here over the sink and I'll rinse you off with the hose."
It was awkward climbing up onto the counter, but Jennifer helped by placing her soft hands on my round rear-end and gave me a little boost. The only way I could sit over the sink was to lower my bare butt into the metal tub and spread my legs wide so that I could place my foot on the counter to each side of the sink. This left my pussy wide open in front of Jennifer. Jennifer pointed the hose at me and water began to cascade down my bare body, rinsing the soapy film off my creamy skin and leaving me squeaky clean.
Jennifer looked down at my hairy triangle and said, "You'll need extra attention to rinse the soap out of your pussy hair."
She pointed the nozzle towards the neatly trimmed red hair between my legs and the suds quickly drained off of me, but after the soap was gone, she continued to direct the hose between my legs. I shrieked as the warm water began to pulsate over my little clitty.
I cried, "Jennifer, you don't know what you're doing to me."
Jennifer replied, "Oh I know exactly what I'm doing to you" as she inserted a finger inside of me while continuing to let the water massage my swollen love button.
I was just about to explode when we were interrupted again. Dr. Anderson, the Dean of the School of Business, entered the kitchen with a mug in his hand. He stopped dead in his tracks when he spotted me in the sink. Jennifer quickly let go of the hose, stood up and moved out-of-the-way, leaving me as exposed as humanly possible. I was stark naked with my legs widespread and my wet pussy was spread wide open as I displayed the ultimate beaver shot to Dr. Anderson.
Jennifer nervously stammered, "Dr. Anderson...I didn't know you were here, I mean Mindy spilled her beer. I had to clean her up...that's all I was doing...cleaning her up! Nothing else."
Dr. Anderson snickered and said, "Calm down. I just want a cup of water."
I'd never been more embarrassed in my life as the sixty-year-old man merely stood there and carefully inspected my bare body. It didn't look like he had any intention of leaving. My round rosy nipples and soft pussy hair were right out in the open for him to examine. I couldn't even use my arms to hide my nudity because I was using them to balance myself over the sink. If I'd have let go, I would've slid right down onto the floor.
Jennifer offered to let Dr. Anderson use the hose, which was resting on my bare leg near my pussy, but he just laughed and said, "You go ahead and finish up whatever it was you crazy college girls were doing. I'll come back later."
As soon as Dr. Anderson left the room, Jennifer looked at me and said, "Wow, what a rush! I loved showing you off like that!"
I countered, "Showing me off like that? What do you mean? I've never felt so naked in my life. You totally humiliated me. You're no better than my ex-boyfriend!"
Jennifer replied, "I'll bet I'm better...a lot better" and then she dove into my bare beaver.
Jennifer started wiggling her tongue all over my sweet snatch until she found my little clitty. Then she focused her attention just in that spot for a while. I was moaning so loud that I'm sure they heard me all the way down the hall, but I couldn't help it...it felt so good! Then Jennifer inserted a finger into my pussy while teasing my sensitive nipples with her other hand and I was finally to the point where I was about to explode.
I started screaming, "Oh wow... don't stop...not this time...oh yes, oh yes...I'm cumming, I'm cumming" and then I tensed up and twitched around until I couldn't take it anymore.
Jennifer eased up and moved forward until our lips met. Then she gave me a long passionate kiss followed by one last rinse with the hose. Jennifer playfully put the nozzle between my legs, but it about sent me through the roof because my pussy was overly sensitive since I'd just finished having an orgasm. She draped my sopping wet dress over the towel rack and then dabbed a few paper towels against my bare skin to help me dry off. Finally, Jennifer started to lead me towards the hallway.
I paused, "Wait a second Jennifer. Where are you taking me? We can't go out into the hall. I don't have any clothes on!"
She replied, "We have to go to Professor Wrissley's office so you can take your exam."
I asked, "But...but what about my dress? I mean, I'm still naked and you're leading me through a public building. Please don't make me do this. I've been humiliated enough this evening."
She said, "Don't worry. You can take your exam and then we'll come back for your dress. It should be dry by then. Besides, there's hardly anyone here. No one will see you."
At that moment, three boys came out of an office ahead and began walking right towards us.
I said, "No one will see me, huh?!"
I tried to turn and run, but Jennifer had a tight grip on my wrist. The boys weren't shy about looking me over as they squeezed past me in the narrow hallway. Their hands accidentally/on-purpose grazed my breasts and pussy, but Jennifer kept pushing onward. After they slowly passed me, I glanced over my shoulder and saw that the boys had stopped walking so that they could check out my bare ass. I tried to rush, but Jennifer held me back and slowed the pace. She knew full well that the guys were looking at my naked butt and she did everything she could to prolong my indignity.
I blushed feverishly as we continued walking down the hall with Jennifer wearing a big smile on her face. It was obvious that she loved putting me in vulnerable positions when I didn't have and clothes on. My face was bright red as we finally reached Professor Wrissley's office. The boys were still watching me as I stepped into the office.
I tried to sit behind the desk, but Jennifer escorted me to a little table that faced the door. The table offered no protection from anyone that passed in front of the open doorway. Then Jennifer walked over to the desk and picked up the exam and a pen.
As she handed them to me, I asked, "What about the door? Can't you close the door?"
She replied, "No sweetie. It would get too warm in here" and then she took a seat behind the desk.
I asked, "Why can't I sit behind the desk?"
She said, "Because this is where the teacher sits. Now get started on that exam."
I begged, "Jennifer please trade places with me. Anyone that walks by will have a clear view of my boobies and pussy. You know there's no way I can cover myself and take the test at the same time!"
Jennifer sternly replied, "Just hurry up and finish the test. The sooner you get done, the sooner you'll get your dress back."
I began to answer the questions on the test, but it was very hard to concentrate with my breasts and bush out where everyone could see them. I was naked, yet Jennifer who was fully clothed, sat at the big desk. The cherry wood desk offered a great deal of protection, and it was also situated sideways to the door. No one could really see Jennifer, yet I was the one that was naked.
A guy walked by and glanced into the room. His mouth dropped open when he witnessed my nakedness. Soon a few more guys discovered that I was taking my exam in the nude and they began to parade back and forth in front of the door. I did my best to close the eyes to the boys and concentrate on the exam, but it was difficult to ignore a group of guys ogling at my state of total undress. Then to make matters worse, Andy came into the office and asked Jennifer if she could answer a question for him.
I tried to cover up and pleaded, "No Jennifer, send him away! I'm naked and he's looking at me. Please, send him away."
My pleas fell on deaf ears as Jennifer gave me a conniving smile and replied, "Sure, come on in Andy. I've got plenty of time."
She knew that all of Andy's attention was on me, as Jennifer took her time and slowly answered his question. I could see the bulge in his pants and Jennifer noticed it, too.
Jennifer continued to torture Andy by saying, "Quit looking at Mindy. You know she's only naked because her dress is wet. I realize that it's hard for a boy like you to take your eye off such a beautify pair of tits and such a pretty pussy, but you need to give her some privacy. Besides its very warm in here and she's more comfortable that way."
Then Jennifer compounded Andy's torture by saying, "In fact, I think I want to be more comfortable, too."
Andy's eyes bulged more than his pants as Jennifer slowly lifted her peach tank top over her head, exposing her flimsy white bra to him. The poor boy swallowed hard as he checked out Jennifer's almost perfect breasts. Her dark nipples were poking out against the thin stretchy material and the bra also allowed plenty of cleavage to show in front. Then she leaned forward towards Andy and finished answering his question.
Finally, Andy left the room and I said, "I'll bet he comes right back."
Jennifer countered, "No, I'll bet he's headed for the men's room. He probably won't be back for a little while."
We both laughed and then Jennifer said, "Seeing you naked really turned that little boy on."
I blushed and then Jennifer continued, "Seeing you naked is turning me on, too."
There was silence, and then Jennifer stood up, unzip her tiny white shorts and let them drop to the floor. Now the only thing Jennifer had on was her skimpy see-through bra. She was shaved smooth between her legs and her moist pussy lips were totally exposed as she settled back in the big leather chair.
The huge desk protected her from anyone's prying eyes. She was also seated to the side of the door so she was out of sight for the most part. From the side, I could see that Jennifer had a hand between her legs and she was beginning to pleasure herself. Now I had to contend with guys parading back and forth in front of me trying to catch a glimpse of my bare body, plus the distraction of Jennifer touching herself, all while concentrating on my final exam. It was exhausting!
The aroma of her girlie juices filled the room and I was starting to spend more time watching Jennifer than I was reading my test. Then Brad came in, but couldn't see what was going on under the desk. However, he could see that Jennifer only had a bra on top, so she tried to send him away. I decided to frustrate Jennifer a little, so I asked Brad stay and pose his question. Jennifer rolled her eyes at me and leaned forward to listen to his problem.
As he asked his question, he couldn't keep his eyes off me. I pretended to work on my exam as I gave Brad an unobstructed view of my bare breasts and naked pussy. Then I asked Jennifer to stand up and come over to answer a question for me, but she refused. She knew that my only intention was to make her stand up in front of Brad and show him that she didn't have any pants on. Jennifer tried to quickly answer Brad's question, but I was persistent about asking Jennifer to address my problem first.
Finally, Brad asked Jennifer, "Why don't you help Mindy? My question can wait."
I answered, "Because she doesn't have any pants on!"
Brads face lit up and then he leaned over to see if it was true. Jennifer tried to shield her bare pussy from his prying eyes, but was having trouble fending off the young teenaged boy.
Eventually, Jennifer gave in and said, "Oh alright" and then she stood up from the chair exposing her bald beaver to Brad.
Brad froze in disbelief as Jennifer rose from the big desk and leaned over the little table in front of me. Her beautiful round rear-end was right out in the open and Brad didn't know exactly what to do. Suddenly, two guys that had been parading in front of the door passed by again and came to an abrupt halt when they saw Jennifer's bare ass on display.
Jennifer quickly said, "Brad, please close the door."
I said, "Sure, now want to close the door because you're naked."
She replied, "That's right."
As the door remained open and the guys continued to stare at Jennifer, Brad asked, "Should I leave?"
Jennifer replied loudly, "Just shut the door" so Brad closed the door and locked it.
Jennifer asked, "Now Mindy, what was your question?"
I replied, "Well, my question is really for Brad. Brad, what do you think of Jennifer's beautiful butt?"
I stood up and began to caress Jennifer's smooth firm buns as I waited for Brad's reply.
I said, "Mmm, Jennifer's got a great ass, don't you think Brad?"
He mumbled something inaudible as I began running my finger tip up and down her sensitive butt crack. I was standing to the side of Jennifer, but she was still leaning over the little table with her bare buns on view for Brad to enjoy. Jennifer shuttered as I gently tickled the area between her beautiful butt cheeks.
Next I reached up and unhooked Jennifer's bra. As the bra dropped down Jennifer's arms, I forced her to stand up and face Brad.
Jennifer's face turned red as I said, "Oh wow Brad. Look at the pretty, pretty titties!"
Then I squeezed them and said, "They're so firm. Um, I just love them" as I leaned forward and gave one of her nipples a tender kiss.
Jennifer giggled and said, "Don't start something you can't finish.'
I said, "Oh I can finish alright. You're not the only one that knows what I girl likes."
I sat on the floor between Jennifer's legs and slowly pushed my tongue into her sweet snatch. Jennifer quickly became week in the knees and grabbed Brad's shoulders for support. I started sliding my tongue up and down the smooth moist slit between Jennifer's legs and she began to purr like a kitten. I zeroed in on her little clitty with my tongue, while inserting a finger into her love hole. Jennifer started breathing heavily as I continued my assault on her pretty pussy. Then Jennifer reached out and placed one of Brad's trembling hands on her breast.
Jennifer said, "Mmm, that feels so good" and then she reached for Brad's other hand, but it was buried in his pocket.
He had his hand in his pants pocket and he was fidgeting around, so Jennifer said, "If you're going to do it, do it right."
Then Jennifer unfastened Brad's jeans, and then she pushed his pants and underwear to the floor.
Jennifer said, "Mindy, look at Brad's cute penis. It's real hard!"
I looked up and said, "His soldier is standing at attention."
Young Brad was extremely embarrassed to have two girls examining his manhood, but his embarrassment changed to excitement as Jennifer took it in her hand and began to stroke it. As Jennifer worked on Brad's penis, I returned to Jennifer's pussy. Brad was touching Jennifer's breast, Jennifer was stroking Brad's member and I had my finger moving around in Jennifer's pussy while licking her love button at the same time.
Jennifer purred, "Mmm Mindy. That feels good. Do you like it Brad?"
Brad muttered, "Oh yeah, oh yeah."
The action was heating up and then Jennifer said, "Look out Mindy. I think Brad's missile is about to launch."
Soon Brad couldn't hold on any longer and milky streams shot out and splattered on the floor right next to me. Jennifer was not distracted by Brad's cannon fire and continued to hold on to Brad's shoulders until she had a screaming orgasm. Even with the door closed, I'm sure they could hear us in the hall.
Jennifer quickly slipped on her bra, tank top and short shorts, while Brad pulled himself together again. Once again I was the only naked person in the room. Jennifer sent Brad to get my dress and then I asked her if she could check the answers on my exam. Instead of checking my answers, she pulled out the answer sheet and graded my entire test.
Jennifer said, "Mindy, you're one smart girl. With everything going on, you still only got three wrong. Do you want me to change them so that you have a perfect score?"
I happily said, "No. An A-minus is good enough for me."
Just as I thought my day was getting better, Andy and Brad entered with my dress.
Andy said, "I'm sorry, but we had a little accident with your dress."
I slipped it on and said, "It feels kind of snug."
Brad said, "It was still wet, so we put it in the microwave."
Jennifer chuckled and said, "I think it shrunk a little. It barely covers your butt!"
Andy said, "That's not the worst part."
As I tried to squeeze into the dress, I found the real problem.
I yelled, "Oh no, you melted the buttons off!"
Brad and Andy said, "We're sorry" as Jennifer ushered them out of the room.
Jennifer said, "Look on the bright side. We just have to drop off your exam and then you can go home."
I shrieked, "I can't go to the faculty lounge like this! Can't you take it for me?"
Jennifer replied, "Sorry, he specifically wants it from you and I'd hate for you to miss turning in an A-paper."
The anticipation of another chance to publicly expose me brought a smile to Jennifer's face. I struggled to hold my dress together between my breasts and in front of my pussy, but I could feel the bottoms of my bare butt cheeks peeking out, even without bending over.
We entered the lounge and there were four professors waiting for us. I just wanted to hand over my test and leave, but Jennifer decided to make small talk with the professors. She knew that I was mortified standing there, while the four men stared at me, so she wanted to prolong my agony. It was difficult to hold onto my billfold and hold my dress together... so difficult that I dropped the billfold on the floor.
I asked, "Jennifer, can you pick that up for me."
She smiled and said, "No. You're a big girl. You can carry your own wallet."
I pleaded, "But Jennifer, you know what's gonna happen if I bend over to pick it up!"
Now all the men were staring at me with intensity as Jennifer just pointed to my billfold, offering no help at all. I slowly began to bend over, knowing that the two men behind me had a clear view of my bare ass, and possibly a view of my pussy from behind, too. Then the men in front of me, which included Professor Wrissley, started getting excited knowing that I would have to let go of my tight dress to reach for my billfold.
I quickly grabbed my billfold, but I wasn't fast enough to catch my dress and it popped open in front exposing my neatly trimmed auburn bush to the men in front of me. All I could do was stand up and hold my little billfold in front of my pussy hair as my dress popped wide apart. It separated all the way up to where I was holding it together on top. Even my flat little tummy was on display for the men to see.
As Jennifer tried to continue making small talk, I declared, "Time to go Jennifer!"
She said, "You're right. Goodbye gentlemen" and then she grabbed me by the arm.
To my horror, she pulled so hard on my arm that it made me let go of the top of my dress. This caused my tits to pop out in the open for everyone to see. With my billfold in one hand and my other wrist held by Jennifer, my dress was completely unrestrained leaving both my bare breasts and pussy hair out in the open for all of the men to see. I was forced to remain exposed until we left the building.
Once we got outside, Jennifer started laughing so I tried to pull her top off. Unfortunately, she broke free so I had to chase her. My dress was flapping in the wind behind me and my bare ass, hairy pussy and bouncing breasts were on display for anyone to observe. Finally, we made it to my sorority house and Jennifer spent the night. We slept with our soft naked bodies pressed against each other.
On graduation day, I watched Jennifer receive her Master's Degree. After the ceremony, we posed together for pictures and then gave each other a big kiss. My parents were shocked, which made us laugh because it would kill them to learn of all the naked escapades that I was a part of over the last four years.
We loaded up the van and I said goodbye to the college campus for the last time. I had a couple of interesting job offers, but one that really peaked my interest was a teaching job in the business department of a prep school. What made the job so appealing was Jennifer. She took a job there and wanted me to work there, too.
Graduation day brings an end to the College Girls series. Is it time for me to become a mature adult or will Jennifer force the naked high jinks to continue? Will Prep Teachers be a new series? We'll just have to wait and see!