"What are you doing here?" The surprise evident in your voice.
Of course when you had been called over the intercom to head to the office you didn't think I'd be waiting at the end of the short walk.
"You said you had to work late, I thought I'd drop by with dinner." I smiled easily holding up the paper bag. The secretary is side-eyeing us and I can't help but stand closer, fingers grazing your elbow.
Maybe it was just instinctive, or maybe I just enjoyed standing close to you.
I don't think it would matter how long we've been together, the sheer proximity of you could send the warmest tingle straight down to my crotch. If amortentia was a real thing, it would be a combination of everything that reminds me of you.
"You're amazing." You smile, kissing the top of my head. "But the kids are still here-"
"Oh I know, I figured I could wait and we could eat together." I had to bite the inside of my cheek to refrain the grin that threatened to spill on my lips.
But you know me well, why wouldn't you?
It's not like your Kitten hides it well.
"Okay, pick-up is in 10. I'll come back here for you." You lean down brushing your lips against my forehead. My hand automatically snakes around your waist lightly pinching your ass.
Your smirk makes me weak and I followed your walk out of the office with my eyes.
You know how when you're waiting for something to happen and the whole world seems to just slow down? Each second seemingly longer than the last?
Relief washed through me when the all-too familiar school bell rang.
A few more side glances from the secretary and I was ready to rip the cheap, fake eyelashes off.
"Babe?"
Your voice has me jumping straight up from the plastic chair. "Ready?"
"Yeah, this way." You nod for me to follow you.
I wondered if you'd had figured it out. We were alike in ways, both loving the chase, both enamored with each other.
But you also know me. You know exactly what to say to make me blush, know where to pinch and pull to make me purr, to make me do everything you've always wanted hidden away in the deepest part of yourself until I came along.
And I love every second of it.
The hallways all look the same and I nearly walked right into you when you stopped to open a door to our left.
"Dreaming, love?" You chuckle.
I laughed. "Mmm, I can't help it."
You shoot me a look which only serves to make the smile widen on my face.
"I'm sure." You said. "So what did you bring?"
I set the paper bag on your desk. "Soup obviously what-"
but the rest of my sentence was lost the moment your fingers stroked the side of my neck, your voice hitting that delicious timber that made me want to disregard propriety and roll over for you.
"No. I meant what did you bring? You didn't just wear this sexy, little skirt," you tug on the hem. "-just to bring me dinner, did you Kitten?"
I bit the inside of my cheek but your gentle fingers stroking my inner thigh, fingertips barely brushing soft, warm skin was starting to create a damp spot on my panties.
"What if I did?" I asked, looking up at you but I can already see that mischievous glint in your eyes, the quirk of your smile that sends another warm tingle dancing across my crotch.
"Oh?"
The only indication was the split-second wolfish grin that broke across your lips before I felt the wall pressed against my back, your hand on my throat while the other, the one that had been under my skirt reached higher.
While the room door had been closed the blinds for the windows were still pulled up giving anyone walking past an unwarranted view of the position we were in.
"Then what is this?" Your eyes dance as you tease a finger between my panty-covered pussy lips. The lace feels damp against your skin and as you continue to stroke and tease, I could feel my resolve weakening.
"Daddy, please-..." I mumbled.
"Please what?" You prompt, drawing me out from my shyness as your expert fingers was close to bringing me over the edge.
"Fuck me?" I smirked, mumbling through arousal when your fingers tightened around my neck.
"Oh I will darling, but first we've got a punishment for you. Take off your panties for Daddy." You remove your hand, leaving just the one around my neck. I do as you say, letting the thin, lace material to fall and pool around my ankles.
You kneeled down to help me untangle them, taking a deep inhale from them as you stood up.
Seeing you crave for me just makes me want you all the more.
"Fuck me Daddy..." I breathed.
"I said not. Yet. Now hold your skirt up and let Daddy eat." You say as you pinched the hem and handed it to me.
Even before your tongue traced circles around my clit, and definitely before I started bucking on your face and tongue as response I was already soaking.
And by the end of dinner, I was hoping to have your tongue, lips and jaw painted with my arousal.