Jack's alarm went off at 6am as planned, though at that moment he wasn't paying too much attention as he was busy between Angela's thighs eagerly eating her pussy. She'd got up to go to the loo, but had come back to bed gently rousing Jack and insisting that since he was abandoning her all day today he owed her all of his attention right now, which was an unspoken instruction to fuck her. When the gorgeous redhead in your life who also knows and enjoys that you fuck many of your friends and had recently started to fuck Holly Willoughby, you don't fucking ask any questions, and fucking get on with it.
Jack soon brought Angela to a loud orgasm with his tongue, though there was a briefly hilarious moment while she fiddled with his phone to turn off the annoying alarm tone while he pounded her good and hard. Angela's third orgasm just preceded Jack's as he pumped multiple loads inside her, groaning loudly, before he rolled off onto his back panting.
"So much for our long lie in on Sunday morning."
"Well darling you are about to bugger off to work all day so I think I'll enjoy your company now while I can. Also I'm pretty sure you won't just be driving Miss Willoughby today, so I wanted my pussy wrapped around your gorgeous member to remind you to come home to me."
"I know where home is. It's right here and it's the only place I ever want to be, and you're the only person I ever want to be with."
Angela kissed him and smiled.
"I know, but since there is a high possibility that you will spend part of your day fucking a famous, rather gorgeous and VERY sexy blonde, I thought a little reminder of the comforts of home wouldn't hurt. Now you need to go get showered otherwise you'll have no time for breakfast and I don't want you running around on an empty stomach!"
Showering did indeed follow, though when Angela joined him, washing briefly took second place as he drilled her against the tiled wall of the bathroom, finishing with Angela kneeling in front of him, vigorously jerking him off until he painted her face and breasts, though the shower was a good place to do that as they soon cleaned up.
Jack dressed in his suit and came downstairs to find Angela in her kimono had laid out muesli, orange juice, coffee and toast. She wasn't joking about sending him out on a full stomach, and he gratefully wolfed it down, before a lengthy kiss goodbye and him heading off to collect Holly. He was waiting outside her house around 15 minutes before the agreed pick up time of 9am, but he was only there a couple of minutes before she appeared at the door, kissing her husband and kids goodbye and getting into the car. Jack got back in the drivers seat, and saw a smile on Holly's face.
"Did you have a pleasant rest of the day yesterday?"
"Yes I did thank you. Went off to see the new Pixar movie and the kids had a blast. Followed that with dinner at Pizza Hut, brought home ice cream and watched telly. Dan even had an enthusiastic go at me last night, and it was alright, though I really got my jollies in the car yesterday."
Jack smiled and nodded. Holly's expression changed and became more serious.
"I meant what I said yesterday. We don't have to do that if you don't want to. I know that you're perfectly capable of giving me pleasure in lots of other ways, but I haven't been dominated like that in an awfully long time. It was so good darling, but it's only really fun if we're both into it."
"You know Holly once upon a time I was essentially just a missionary man, with a wife who taught him what's important with oral pleasure. But my horizons have shifted in the last year, and I've seen and done things I barely imagined before. I think I love and respect women too much to call them a slut or bitch, but I'm not averse to helping you get off, and if that means a little spanking and hair pulling every now and then, I'm up for that. Yesterday wasn't terrible you know, it just wasn't my favourite thing."
Holly visibly relaxed, comfortable that she hadn't somehow crossed a line in their complicated "boss/employee who was fucking her" relationship. Jack suggested coffee as they were a little ahead of schedule, so he picked up at a drive through and they were both quietly enjoying their beverage. They chatted about the day ahead, and whilst Holly would spend most of it at the studios, Jack would be on hand all day.
"Rachel will see that you're taken care of today. I'm not planning to pop out, as it's our first week and rehearsals will likely be a disaster. It's always the same, but I need you on hand in case that changes."
"Absolutely fine Holly. I've got a new book and plenty to keep me amused, plus I wouldn't mind coming in and having a peek at the show if that's okay. Angela and a few friends are coming to the performance tonight and they're very excited about it."
"Oh yes darling, Rachel told me. I'm so looking forward to meeting this lucky woman you're with, as well as their friends. Tell me, is uh...Debbie coming along?"
Holly floated the question more in hope than expectation, but she practically squealed when Jack told her she was, along with Laura and Audrey.
"They're making a proper night of it, dinner, then the show. Debbie is a HUGE fan of this, so I'm certain she will have a blast."
"Well I know they have VIP access, so make sure they come backstage after the show and we can introduce them to Philip and our cast. I want to make it special for them, but it will be lovely to meet Angela. I've seen her picture but I want to meet the woman that you go home to Jack, she must be pretty special."
"Oh she certainly is that Holly, and I think she will have fun meeting you too. We have a remarkably open relationship, but it would be fair to say that she might just be slightly nervous about getting to know you. She's totally relaxed about us fucking to be clear, but she does regard you as a bit of a blonde celebrity sex goddess. You're on her list, you know?"
Holly quietly chuckled.
"Blonde celebrity sex goddess? That's a new one for me. I didn't think you needed a list with how open you are with each other, but nice to know I made the list just the same. Do you think she would like an invite back to the flat tonight? I mean of course all of the women, not just Angela."
"You can ask her yourself, though I think that would pretty much be a sure thing. Wasn't sure if we were back to the house or the flat after the show, thinking about getting you into work for Monday morning."
"The first Sunday of the season is always a late one, usually because of the after-show party. It's nice because we don't lose anyone in the first week, so no tensions around voting. Plus you know I only have to keep a casual wardrobe at the flat, with Sarah looking after me during the week for onscreen clothes and accessories."
Jack had met Sarah the stylist previously (and of course fucked her) and also knew her to be one of Holly's pussy pleasers. He now thought he could tell the days when Holly had been brought off before they went live, purely based on her demeanour on screen, though the vast majority of the audience would be none the wiser.
It wasn't long before they arrived at the studios where the show was filmed, and Holly was met by her PA Rachel, who flashed Jack a warm smile and mouthed a silent thank you when she saw Holly's good mood. He parked the car then made his way inside to be given an "Access all areas" security pass, which ensured that Jack could be available for Holly as and when he was needed. He made his way to the arena, where it looked as though a lighting rehearsal was underway, with a pair of stand ins on the set filling in for the presenters. A couple of the skaters were on the ice, working with their celebrity partners and getting some last minute practice in.
Rachel wandered up beside him, giving him a discreet peck on the cheek.
"Thanks for getting the boss here in a good mood. Did you...eh....I mean was she looking for..."
"Actually all we did was chat and I promised that Debbie and Angela will see her later, and she insisted on us all coming backstage after the show. Also I think we will be going back to the flat later rather than home."
"Well I have to admit the prospect of getting quality time with Debbie and Angela would be enough to put a smile on my face, but Laura - she was your back up driver the other day, yes? -- and Audrey who I don't know yet. She's the woman who works at Carlotta's?"
Jack nodded and confirmed, while continuing to admire the movement on the ice.
"We will get you properly introduced to everyone later on Jack, but the boss would like to see you after the run through."
He saw Holly and Philip in position while practicing their script for the show opening and the various pieces to camera that they would do during that evening's show. He wandered around the arena making his way backstage, his pass being carefully checked a couple of times and made his way to the dressing room area, and grabbed a cup of tea. Around an hour later the rehearsal was finished and he saw Philip and Holly making their way backstage. Holly took a moment to introduce Jack and they made pleasant conversation for a couple of minutes.
He followed her into Holly's dressing room, where Sarah was busy fussing over some outfit options for the show with an assistant who was politely dismissed, leaving Holly, Sarah & Rachel in the room. The stylist pointed Rachel & Jack towards a sofa on the other side of the room.
"We're down to our last three or four choices for the frock for tonight, and I suggested asking you which of them you liked, which the boss loved!"
Holly grinned as Sarah explained what they were going to do. Holly and Sarah disappeared behind a screen, giggling like a pair of schoolgirls. The first sign of activity was seeing Holly's jumper tossed theatrically over the screen, followed by a couple of minutes of rustling noises. Rachel sat smiling beside him, obviously enjoying the fun of the moment. Sarah appeared out front, started some music on her phone and cleared her throat.
"Our first choice today is the lingerie segment. Black strapless Victoria's Secret with nude silk stockings, which will be suitable for even the most dramatic leg slit."
The blonde stepped out from behind the screen and strutted out in lingerie and stockings, looking utterly fabulous even with minimal make up. Her breasts lightly bounced as she strutted forward, with a very sexy wobble. Holly pivoted, and Jack was seeing the tiniest of thongs from the rear, with Holly's gorgeous bum shaped beautifully around it.
Rachel casually reached into his lap and gave his cock a gentle squeeze, and noted he was semi erect from the performance being presented to him.
"That's a four or a five on the stiffy scale, but that's pretty good for the first outfit."
Jack grinned widely, while Holly turned again, leaned forward with her breasts threatening to spill out and blew him a kiss. Jack reacted appropriately and Rachel duly reported the uptick in firmness.
"Next we have Agent Provocateur in scarlet with black stockings. The thong is decorated in hand sewn crystals to provide a feature on a full leg reveal, and the bra is a cup size below to force up and and enhance the cleavage."
If Holly's tits bounced before, they were having a dance now, with the gorgeous red lace framing a deep sexy cleavage. Jack's cock lurched in response, with Rachel duly reporting his reaction, which had the women in the room smiling broadly.
"Finally we have Boux Avenue in virginal white from their bridal collection. Designed for even the most demure of brides to look super sexy for their wedding night this corset and stockings ensemble is designed to get a big rise out of Mr Right."
Jack politely moved Rachel's hand out of his lap, and before Holly could reach him, he stood up, walked and stood directly in front of her.
"The black is gorgeous, the red super sexy, but all I want to do with the white is rip off the thong, bend you over and take you."
Holly stood for a second, winked and led Jack behind the screen. There was a couch and Holly kneeled on it, presenting her bum towards him. Jack reached around and ran his fingers over the thong which was damp to the touch. Holly shuddered at the contact, and started to tug it off, but Jack grabbed it and pulled which caused the stitching to tear and it came away in his hand, and he placed the panties in his pocket. Jack dropped his trousers and slipped down his boxers, his now erect cock springing to its full 11" length.
"Pound me Jack, give me a good fuck and fill me up. Stretch my cunt and spank my ass, I want to cum so hard that you'll need to hold me or I'll fall over."
He needed no second invitation, his cock gliding smoothly into Holly's willing and wet hole. She groaned in complete pleasure as in a few strokes he was buried inside her to the hilt.
"Fuck that feels so good. Carol has a strap on that's roughly the same size, but it doesn't pulse the way your cock does, it's not warm and full like you make me."
Jack delivered two swift hard slaps to the star's bum, one on either cheek which were greeted with moans of pleasure. He started to pump in and out, using Holly's hips to drive deep and hard with each thrust. They quickly got into a swift tempo that had her moaning again and again. Holly used one hand to steady herself, the other to pop out her breasts and then to twist and tweak her nipples. Jack didn't miss a beat, but slapped each cheek again which would have made it abundantly clear to anyone within earshot exactly what was happening.
Holly's prick tease show had Jack close to boiling point, but it was a matter of pride that he would not cum before she did, so he doubled his efforts, and soon had Holly in familiar territory, recognising the unambiguous pulsing of her pussy on his cock which preceded her orgasm. He pulled back on her hair which was enough to tip her over and her orgasm would undoubtedly have been loud but for the pillow which she had thrust in her face at the last moment. He could contain himself no longer and pulsed again and again, filling her with his cum just exactly as requested.
Holly dropped the pillow, and moaned quietly as her orgasm ripped through her body. Jack released his grip on her hips, which now flared red under his touch, he pulled out with a resounding plop and staggered back. He became aware of Rachel and Sarah now attending to their boss, The stylist attempting to salvage the rest of the lingerie without any further damage, The assistant guiding Holly to a seated position, then kneeling in front of her to begin eagerly licking Holly's pussy clean. Now only in stockings and heels, Holly looked up through her matted hair and smiled, a satisfied and contented look.
"Oh fuck Jack, that was just so good. The girls will tell you I'm just not myself unless I cum before a show. There's a reason I get 15 mins quiet time before a broadcast, though it's usually to let this little tiger between my thighs and get me set up for a day in front of the camera."
Rachel looked up, her eyes lighting up and smiling while her mouth was locked over Holly's cunt like a vacuum. Sarah, her clothing duties now attended to, dropped to her knees in front of Jack's cock and started to lick him clean.
"Did you actually have a dress or two you wanted my opinion on, or was the lingerie show just an excuse for a bit of fun?"
Sarah looked up as if suddenly remembering what the original idea was.
"Oops sorry Jack! Yes we have two gorgeous dresses to pick from this week, and it should be obvious which lingerie set goes with which. The white one was just to see if you were going to give the boss a pounding, though to be fair you don't often need much encouragement."
She got to her feet and showed off the two choices, one a strapless black gown and the other a red dress with a plunging neckline.
"For what it's worth I think you'll look amazing in either of these, but if you want my opinion, the red dress has the slight edge."
Holly beamed her approval of his choice, so the red dress it was! Rachel soon finished her ministrations and Holly then dressed and pulled on a full length dressing gown as the dress rehearsal was not for another couple of hours. Rachel & Sarah busied themselves attending to the lingerie scattered around the dressing room after the show, so Jack took a moment with Holly.
"I don't want you to think that I don't appreciate the effort here, or that I didn't have a lot of fun with the impromptu show, but assuming it wasn't my fashion sense you wanted, if you ever just need a fuck all you have to do is tell me. Around you Holly, I'm ALWAYS interested."
Holly blushed slightly, but smiled too.
"Darling you don't know how good that makes me feel. It's very easy to drift into a domestic routine and to be a bit safe with my on screen image, but now and again I like to know I can still slip in to...what did you say Angela called it?"
"Blonde celebrity sex goddess."
"Yes that was it, blonde celebrity sex goddess mode. A girl likes to know she can put on some lingerie and get the attention of a gentleman from time to time."
"You never need to do that for me, but suffice to say you've clearly managed to get all of my attention today. But we've got almost three months of Sundays like this ahead of us, plus all your other engagements. To quote Shania Twain, all you have to do is ask."
She smiled and hugged him, and announced that tea and a snack were in order, which Rachel duly scurried off to organise. A knock on the door soon followed and a young woman brought in a tray with beverages and some biscuits. She smiled and Holly asked her to introduce herself.
"My name is Erica, Miss Willoughby. It's such a privilege to look after you for the show, I'm a very big fan. Please let me know if I can do anything for you."
Holly offered her hand and they shook, while she turned on her charm and dazzled the young woman. Rachel organised a photograph which Holly autographed for her. The young woman looked like she might melt, and Jack saw up close just why Holly was so good at her job. In that moment, even though she had no reason to do so, she had made her fan feel like the most important person in the room, and it was clear to see the effect.
Erica clutched the picture to her ample chest, and thanked Holly over and over again. Rachel stepped out with her for a couple of minutes, then returned.
Jack couldn't help but comment.
"That was a lovely thing you just did Holly. That young woman has a moment she will remember for a very long time now."
"Oh it was nothing Jack. First rule in this game is to look after your fans. Without them I don't have a job, plus that only took a couple of minutes to do and I actually love doing that. Pretty girl too, but I bet you we get all the tea and coffee we can handle from now on."
As Jack saw over the next hour or so as production assistants and various members of the crew dropped by for one reason or another, Holly took time with every one of them, asking their names and genuinely being really nice to them. It was obvious she really WAS that nice a person. One final visitor before the actual dress rehearsal was the wife of one of the contestants that year, Ola Jordan. She and Holly were obviously well acquainted, exchanging a warm hug and air kisses. The tiny blonde was a professional dancer from the 'Strictly Come Dancing" show, and was renowned for showing off her body in revealing outfits. Jack took a moment to admire her in the flesh, even though she was in a jumper and trousers there was no mistaking the large firm breasts and round hips.
Ola also seemed to know Sarah and Rachel very well too, but politely waited to be introduced to Jack.
"Ola darling this is Jack Spencer. He's joining my staff for a while as my driver and assistant. He'll be around a lot, and is of course inside the circle of trust. I'm sure I've mentioned him before"
Ola smiled and shook Jack's hand while rather unsubtly looking him up and down, lingering for a little too long on his crotch.
"Jack lovely to finally meet you. I've heard such good things from Holly, I do hope to see more of you."
With that Ola swept out of the room, wiggling her hips as she went that definitely had Jack's cock acknowledge her presence. Rachel whispered in his ear.
"She is one of our regulars at the flat. Has been for the last year or so. Her husband knows, approves but never visits. It's their thing I guess. Something tells me you're going to see more of her Jack. She has amazing stamina, even with Holly and Carol tag teaming her with a pair of strap-ons she wore them both out. If I were you, I'd start working out."
Rachel giggled, which left him in no doubt as to the nature of the future meetings, however he was confident in his physical fitness when it came to sex, and relished the thought of pleasuring the dancer.
Jack sat in one of the seats in the arena and watched the dress rehearsal which took quite a while, as the director and crew worked through lighting set ups and technical hitches. Jack's phone discretely buzzed away as he got notifications from all four of the women attending the show, with a range of pictures of outfits and the women at the meal. Jack was smiling as he looked at a series of Instagram photos culminating in a group shot that was probably taken by their waiter.
"Girlfriend?"
Jack was briefly startled as the heavily accented voice of Ola announced her presence from the row behind him.
"Sorry I didn't intend to pry, but you did seem to be enjoying the pictures. Are they all your girlfriend Jack?"
The question was posed with a tone of curiosity rather than denigrating the idea.
"Not as such, but this is Angela. We're living together and have been for a year or so now. She's coming to the show, I hope we can introduce you and James to her, she loved you on Strictly."
Ola smiled warmly and assured him she would be very happy to meet all of his friends. She saw her husband coming off the ice and apologised before disappearing to see him. His phone buzzed and Rachel asked him to come back to the dressing room. When he arrived the room was busy as Philip and the judges had all come into Holly's dressing room to eat the hot meal that was being served just along the corridor. Jack grabbed a plate of hot pasta and discretely found a spot beside Rachel & Sarah. The banter in the room was warm & friendly, and if there were any first night nerves then they were not easily spotted. Soon the visitors started to slip away and it was just Jack, Holly and her team remaining.
Holly disappeared behind the screen while Sarah and Rachel, fussed and got her dressed in the lingerie and dress, after which Holly rounded the screen and posed briefly with a hand on one hip.
"What do you think Jack?"
She looked amazing, and the broad grin on his face gave her an unspoken answer, though if she could have seen under his trousers she would have noticed a pronounced response from his cock also.
"Gorgeous, glamorous and just the right amount of sexy for the show. Good luck, though in that dress I don't think you'll need it."
Holly chuckled, walked up and gave him a peck on the cheek, then left the room with Rachel and one of the production staff leading her to her first camera position. Sarah was fussing around the room, organising the discarded clothes and generally preparing for the eventual return of her boss. She looked at Jack, smiled then picked up a make up wipe and gently cleaned the lipstick that Holly had deposited a few moments earlier.
Jack thanked her, and offered to get them tea while they waited for the show to begin. When he returned a large tv screen was showing the title card for the show, which soon changed and they were off. They were joined by Rachel, who sat with them on the couch, Jack sandwiched between the pair in a quite pleasant thigh to thigh manner. Jack's phone had finally stopped vibrating with picture notifications, and it was apparent that his friends and girlfriend were enjoying themselves enormously.
During one of the commercial breaks, Jack was scrolling through the pictures. Rachel knew them all as she had done the screening process which was part of the slightly surreal requirements for those who took part in the fun times at Holly's apartment, and indeed had already been naked with Angela and Debbie. Laura she had met briefly at the photo shoot the previous day, with Audrey being the sole member of the quartet that she had yet to meet in person.
Sarah ooh'd and aah'd at the pictures, correctly identifying each of the four women though she had not met any of them previously. She made nice comments about each of their style choices for the evening, and both women were complimentary in general. Rachel popped out for a bathroom break, and Sarah turned to Jack.
"I know I will be stating the blindingly obvious, but you know each of these women intimately and regularly?"
Jack nodded and blushed ever so slightly.
"I do but all on their own terms. We've tried to talk it out, goodness knows that's what Angela does rather brilliantly for a living, and in the end I'm none the wiser why they put up with this mess that we find ourselves in. I love Angela dearly, but she is more than fine that I invite these women into my bed, with or without her, and they all seem perfectly happy with it too. I keep waiting for someone to fall madly in love with Debbie, Laura or Audrey and whisk them away but it hasn't happened yet."
"Well Jack you are lovely and a delight to be around. But you might have the best dick on the planet and the sex is astonishingly good, so I don't imagine they will be in any rush. As for Angela I cannot wait to meet her, she seems a remarkable woman."
Jack warmly agreed with the latter remark, and the pair were soon rejoined by Rachel, who's only comment was that she half expected to find them fucking when she got back, which brought chuckles from the two women. Jack blushed once again, but when Sarah stood up and dropped her skirt to the floor without ceremony and announced that they only had 30 minutes before the end of the first show, there was shedding of clothes by all three and Jack found himself flat on his back whilst Sarah and Rachel quickly did 'rock, paper, scissors' to see who did what, with Rachel apparently winning as she gleefully mounted his cock, whilst Sarah climbed over his chest and lowered her pussy onto his eager probing tongue.
Twenty five minutes later and all three had collapsed naked, sweating and satisfied back onto the couch. Jack had Rachel cum quite quickly, which Sarah took as a signal for her to take a turn on his cock. She quickly went behind the couch, leaned over and pulled apart her cheeks, which Jack took as a clear invitation to slam into the blonde hard and fast which he duly did while Rachel played with the nipples of the standing woman, though she found it tough to keep them in her mouth as they bounced with each fierce thrust from Jack. Sarah also grabbed a pillow just before her orgasm, and muffled her screams which hopefully prevented discovery of their debauchery. Rachel then followed up with an attentive licking clean of cock and pussy.
They jumped into the shower in the star's dressing room, and took a moment to quickly towel off, and were just starting to get dressed again when a quick chap on the door was followed by a swift entry and in walked Erica their tea lady from earlier. She did not notice them at first, but paused while picking up the dirty cups and dishes and turned her head slowly.
All three were still in states of undress. Rachel had pulled on her skirt and was about to don a bra and jumper. Sarah had been busy buttoning up her blouse, and Jack similarly with his shirt. The trio paused, frozen in a moment, while Erica blinked hard and shook her head as if to check to see that she was not dreaming.
Her eyes roamed over the trio, but eventually settled on Jack's rather erect cock, as showering with two gorgeous women was not conducive to it behaving.
"I will....just take care of....ummm...these...errr....dishes, shall I? Or perhaps I should come back later..."
The trio shook their heads slowly, but the young brunette did just that as they finished dressing and loaded a trolley, and was just about to step out the room, when Rachel pulled her aside and had a whispered conversation which had the young woman glancing nervously and giggling almost simultaneously. She left, and there was a collective sigh of relief.
Jack was clearly still very worried if there might be any consequences.
"What in earth did you say to her Rachel? Are we going to get thrown out of here? That would be horrific for Holly..."
"We will be fine Jack. I explained we had been working all day and decided a shower would be in order. We're all adults so had a bit of fun in the process...anyway Erica promises to keep quiet. Though I think she might want to join in next week...pretty girl, fabulous tits...".
All during this the tv had been playing the show silently, and it was only when Jack noticed the end credits that he realised they were still half dressed. He gasped and all three realised their boss was on her way back to the dressing room area, and they had barely finished when the door swung open and in marched a beaming Holly.
Rachel hustled over with a bottle of chilled water which Holly gratefully sipped at.
"Great show boss, the audience sounded really into it and I think Jack was right about the dress. It's already blowing up on Twitter and Instagram."
"Thank you Sarah, but are you two telling me that you had Jack all to yourselves for 90 minutes and all you did was watch the telly?"
Rachel started to snigger which developed into full blown laughter as Sarah joined her and Holly. Jack merely blushed a little and smiled. Before Jack's embarrassment could get any worse, a production assistant entered and reminded Holly that the VIP guests were due to arrive in 5 mins. Holly had her hair and make up touched up, and went out to meet the dozen or so guests. Jack stood and watched, admiring Holly putting obviously star struck guests at their ease and posing for photos with Philip, while the show's judges, professional dancers and contestants mingled.
When Angela and the girls had their turn, Jack enjoyed seeing the excitement on their faces as pictures were snapped and the chatter grew louder. There was a moment between Debbie and Holly that showed a hunger between them for an instant, which if you blinked you would have missed it, but Jack duly noted it and smiled at Angela who clearly clocked it as well. She casually sidled over to Jack, and had an affectionate but brief kiss.
"So did you fuck Holly before or after she tried on that dress?"
"Before. There was a whole lingerie catwalk show to help decide on the dress choice, and red won."
"Darling, red always wins."
His red headed girlfriend chuckled as she whispered that in his ear, but seeing Ola and her husband she took Jack by the arm and went over to introduce herself, and get pictures. They made polite conversation and James was dragged away to get some cast first night photos taken.
"I'm a very big fan of your work on Strictly. It's a fixture in our Saturday night viewing, though if Jack is working I can usually find one of the girls to keep me company. I'm disappointed I won't be getting to see you on the show any more."
"That's very kind Angela. It was time for me to leave and go do something else, but I had a wonderful time, so thank you for watching. So tell me do you and this handsome man go dancing much?"
"Alas not as often as I would like. Jack has many talents, but dancing is restricted to a side to side shuffle."
"You're missing out Jack! I have heard he is quite a talented gentleman, no wonder Holly likes to have you around. Maybe I could give you some private lessons, see if we can't improve those moves of yours."
Angela was thoroughly excited at that prospect, though Jack was pretty sure that it wasn't merely dancing that Ola had in mind. Before he could take that thought much further, Debbie, Laura and Audrey arrived and demanded pictures with Ola, so Jack put on his photographer hat and did the necessary work with the phones. Rachel discretely arrived and told Jack that the boss needed him in the dressing room. He excused himself and knocked on the closed door, then entered when invited.
"Excellent first show I think Holly. Angela and the girls all seemed to have a pretty wonderful time."
Holly was casually stripping out of the dress then lingerie, pausing briefly to turn to Jack with hands on hips.
"Glad to hear it, though of course we saw a hundred things go wrong. But with live tv you just have to get on with it. Sometimes after the first show I'm really worn out, but not tonight. I'd like to extend an invitation to Angela and your friends back for a little after party."
Jack excused himself briefly and stepped out to ask the unspoken question of who wanted to fuck Holly, though he took a moment to admire the gorgeous and very naked woman in front of him first, which made Holly smile and blush ever so slightly.
Jack quietly pulled the quartet of women to one side.
"Holly is asking if you would like to go back to her place for a little after party. Anyone who doesn't want to just needs to say and I'll organise another car to get you home. But to be clear, Holly's parties at the flat can get a little wild..."
Audrey looked at the other women, giggled briefly which set off all four of them.
"Are you kidding Jack? I would not miss this for the world."
Although not surprised Jack wanted to be sure no one would be taken aback when the party moved to its naked phase. He returned to Holly, confirmed the gleeful acceptance of the invitation which seemed to rather please Holly, who had got dressed in a jumper and jeans outfit and seemed ready to leave.
"I don't get turned down very often you know, but it's the first time I've asked four women at the same time that I don't know that well. I'm leaning heavily on the fact that they are all in your inner circle Jack."
"Something tells me that you won't be disappointed Holly. Obviously Debbie you've met, Laura was in the car with us yesterday but Audrey and Angela haven't really spent any time with you so far. Angela and I were fucking before I left the house this morning, but she's been very keen to come to the flat for a while. Audrey apart from being remarkably beautiful has an appetite to match anyone I know, plus I'm told has excellent skills with a strap on."
Holly smiled, and briefly licked her lips in unconscious anticipation of the debauchery ahead. They exited the dressing room, Holly said her farewells and Jack escorted her to the waiting car. They were soon sweeping through the quiet streets of London on a Sunday evening, and arrived at Holly's flat, parking in the underground garage. Jack opened the door and grabbed a bag from the boot.
As they entered the lift, Holly raised a quizzical eyebrow.
"I always keep a bag with a clean shirt and a toothbrush in the car in case I'm away for an unplanned overnight stay. Cant show up in yesterday's clothes driving a celebrity sex goddess, can I?"
That got a giggle and a nod, and Holly was once again thankful that Jack was planning a few steps ahead, even if it did mean he was already thinking he was staying the night. They entered the flat and Jack popped his bag in the guest bedroom.
"The other car will be about 15 minutes or so. Wanted to make sure that we weren't being tailed by paparazzi after the show, so they're on a little tour of the town before getting dropped off."
"Fifteen minutes alone with you Jack, which isn't going to happen again tonight...whatever might we do to pass the time?"
Holly walked towards the master bedroom, paused to turn her head before starting to strip off on her way to the bed, beckoning Jack with a single finger. He loosened his tie and followed. It looked like it was going to be a very long night.