My apologies, disclaimer time; I regret capitulating to the legal convention. This story is fictional; any correlation to actual people, alive or deceased, is luck. No animals experienced pain in the writing of this work. Point of fact, there are no animals included in the text. All characters are at least eighteen years old. Places and people are fictional and do not represent anyone or anything in real life. Also, this story is the first installment of a fantasy series and may not hold up to factual scrutiny. Could a professional in a small town risk her reputation, as told in this story? No, not in real life, so please be kind to that fact. Other facts are fantastic, so allow me to suspend reality for your enjoyment. The narrator is neutral, and the moral evaluation adjectives belong to the characters. Please take no offense; it would be less fun if they did not have a moral reticence to some of their behavior. Niles, the protagonist, learns his value and his true nature. Unfortunately, it often takes life changes to spur growth. Niles' upside-down Harem tale happened like this.
After the complimentary continental breakfast, Niles left the hotel early that Saturday morning, thankful his days-long journey was ending. He had spent days driving and was sick of being in his expensive German sedan; going through the flat plain states bored him, but he looked forward to exploring his new home. As usual, he was on time as he turned up his new home's long ice-cracked driveway. A national carrier moving van backed up to Niles Haffcock's newly purchased Georgian-style home that humid spring morning. Niles's new home nestled into the mountains in the Appalachian-edged midwestern state where Niles procured the house. The state was a dichotomy; on one side were vast open plains, and on the other were rugged wooded mountains. Niles loved the country and was happy to finally leave the hectic, fast-paced city where he had lived for his job. As the movers placed the chock blocks behind the wheels and deployed the loading ramp, he opened the black import car door. Birds chirped from the adjacent wooded property, and the warm spring sun shone brightly. Niles could smell the fresh scent of the southern pines as he walked to the trailer carrying a potted aloe vera house plant from the car he self-shipped across the country. Mike, the slightly chubby line driver/lead man, said, "Just tell us where you want things placed, and we'll take care of it."
Niles replied, "Sure, I'll do that." Then he walked up the porch, unlocking the large antique front door and blocking the door open with the plant pot.
Niles was a newly retired Big Tech executive. A victim of forced retirement necessitated by the recent financial fiasco due to the Covid response's unanticipated consequences. Downsizing was inevitable, and Niles was not surprised; luckily, he received a very lucrative severance package, plus Niles retained some corporation stock. He was set for life at thirty-nine if he managed his money correctly. He could hardly live as to his standards in Silicon Valley, but his old house sale and severance would do nicely in this inexpensive real estate market. Niles looked very young for his age, luckily having a baby face. The blue realtor sign still stood with its sold plaque under it at the head of the 150-foot faded grey heat-wave emitting asphalt driveway. The new house was large, and the property was 8 acres. Niles had grown up in the Central Valley of California under the proper tutelage of his English-born mother and was quite conservative. His parents had met in a church in England where his father had served in the Air Force. After fulfilling his national service, his father returned to California to help Niles' grandfather at the large, lucrative almond orchard. Young Niles hated the slow pace of the orchard and dreamed of bigger things, leaving to attend the University of the Pacific. He had majored in computer science with a minor in business. An older and wiser Niles now longed for a slower-paced life. Niles did not indulge in many vices, including drugs and porn. Niles did, however, have alcohol occasionally, but never to excess. He was stunningly boring, having grown up in libertine California.
Three hours later, at 11:30 am. the part of the truck filled with his belongings was empty, and the crew set up all the furniture and the beds. Niles signed the invoice pages and tipped the sweaty four-person team.
"Here is another twenty for beer. You all did an excellent job," Niles feeling happy, handed the added twenty to Mike.
Every room of the five-bedroom home had a pile of boxes, and Niles wished Stephanie had come with him instead of breaking up with him to remain in Sunnyvale. He had only bought such a large home because he thought Stephanie would enjoy decorating it. "Long distance relationships don't work," she had stated. Stephanie, his "Coder" girlfriend for several years, was nerdy yet cute. He did not know quite how to feel about things ending with her. He grew accustomed to being with her yet truly did not feel as infatuated as he once was. Niles knew Stephanie was right about the split but could not help but feel cast away like a worn shoe. Making things worse, Stephanie had been the one to initiate their relationship, and Niles was uncertain he would find another, as he was ever so shy when not at work. Niles was tall and in great shape for a tech geek, as he was also an avid tennis player and golfer. Many people considered him handsome. His thin face had only the slightest crow's feet at the corners of his eyes.
Niles closed the front door and sat on the couch. He sighed, looking at the massive work left to set up his new place. Niles could not believe the twenty thousand pounds of stuff on the moving invoice. How had he gathered so much stuff?
Just then, the doorbell rang. Niles opened the front door. Two lovely late twenties or early thirties female identical twins dressed in jean shorts and halter tops; stood on the porch, each holding a gift. One held a plate of chocolate drop cookies, and the other had a bottle of peach wine. The twins were athletic, with two pairs of lengthy, tan legs and a generous bust. Each wore their silky brown hair in a ponytail held by matching royal blue scrunchies.
"Hello, how do you do," Niles said, at once subconscious about how daft his words must sound. Niles was far from confident around beautiful women.
"We came to welcome you to the neighborhood," the twins said in unison.
The twins were attractive, and Niles found their sexy, lithe bodies, dark brown hair, and soul-snaring green eyes transfixing. The twin's otherworldly eyes drew him in, and Niles stood silently like a deer in headlights for what seemed far too long. Maybe it was just seconds, but it seemed longer. "Surely they must find me daft," Niles thought.
"Thank you," Niles said, his mind snapping out of the mesmerization, his voice reflecting his uncertainty.
"My name is Agatha Taft, but folks call me Aggie, and this is Tabitha," Aggie said.
"Most folks call me Tabby," Tabitha said.
"My name is Niles," Niles stated.
"Nice to meet you," the twins said in sync again.
Agatha looked by Niles, noticing the massive number of boxes in the living room.
"Looks like you could use our help; this place is a wreck; so many boxes," Agatha said
"I sure could, I wish I would have sold more of these things, but there was no time," Niles said.
"We will help you sort things out," Tabitha said as she playfully yet firmly swatted Niles behind through his straight-legged black Levi's.
Niles was not expecting the touch, and it was as if he had been shocked. He was suddenly lightheaded and quite flustered by her unexpected intimacy. Not to be outdone, Aggie squeezed his butt from the other side. Niles sighed as he felt his male appendage begin to stir.
"Oh no," Niles thought, "please don't embarrass me, my faithful friend." Niles was embarrassed about his member, as it was pretty huge. Ever since he had discovered his unusual endowment in middle school gym class, he was reluctant to reveal it to others. If it gets hard, he fears ridicule. It may be an imagined response, but it was debilitating and confirmed to him. Niles's face blushed, and the twins looked at each other knowingly. His fear about his size and hybrid UK/American vocabulary caused Niles to be awkward and introverted.
"You are the bashful one, aren't you," Tabby said.
"Nice Butt, though," Aggie said as she rubbed his bottom again. Tabitha grasped his other Butt cheek.
"Sure, is taught," Tabby said. Happy Niles was single as the region had a definite man shortage. Women vastly outnumbered men in this area of the state.
Niles became even more embarrassed, and his stiffening cock added to his anxiety.
"We better start unpacking. If you are willing to help," Niles said.
"Of course, we will, sweet cheeks," Tabby said teasingly.
"Let's start in the kitchen," Aggie said.
"Okay," Niles said.
The two twins took over, unpacking dish boxes and putting them next to the sink. Aggie washed, Tabby dried, and Niles put the dishes away where the twins suggested. Every once in a while, the girls would grope Niles behind; this kept Niles' cock painfully erect. One hour later, they stored the small appliances and cookware and put the little canned and dry food Niles owned into the large pantry. They finished the kitchen.
"Nice sized bulge you got going there," Tabitha said, lightly rubbing the front of Niles' tight jeans. Niles' face turned color once more.
"It looks nice and big," Aggie said, licking her lips.
Stephanie had never liked how big it was and never could take the whole thing. She had claimed it was too painful, which fueled Niles' fear of his being freakishly large. The relationship with Stephanie had been Niles' only sexual relationship due to his career focus and conservative nature. However, Niles was still extremely independent and unwilling to live in the tax-laden California area to please her. Stephanie also was not ready to compromise her career as she was only 32 and an up-and-comer in her field. Stephanie, like most feminist women, chose her career over her relationship. Niles, ever the romantic, realized their selfishness towards each other and concluded she must not be the one.
"We should do your bedroom next," Aggie said.
"Okay," Niles said.
They went to the bedroom and started. Niles' Stephanie chosen distressed style rugged wood furniture, including his king-sized bed, was in the room. They set to the task quickly, opening boxes and hanging clothing. They placed other items into the two dressers as Niles wished. Until Agatha opened a box holding Niles' underwear, containing mainly boxer-style briefs, except one conspicuous pastel blue lycra male thong. "Jackpot," Agatha thought as she held it up before Niles.
"What do we have here?" Agatha asked.
"My ex bought it for me. It was a Josh gift," Niles said, about to die from embarrassment, trying to grab the intimate garment to hide it from view.
"Not so fast, sweet cheeks," Agatha said, pulling them out of Niles' reach.
The two twins locked eyes and giggled.
"Please give it to me," Niles said, turning beet red.
"Okay, if you model this spicy number for us," Tabitha said.
"I couldn't do that," Niles stammered.
"Sure, you could; you would look so sexy in it, Cutie," Aggie said soothingly.
"No, way," Niles said.
"Why don't we take a break and have some cookies and wine? We will discuss this more later," Tabby said.
"Great idea," Agatha said, leaving the thong on the unmade bed.
They all returned to the kitchen. Aggie poured three glasses of wine, and Tabby pressed a decadent chocolate cookie to Niles' lips. Niles let her feed him, and she exploited the situation by rubbing Niles' bottom. Niles' muscles tightened as he moaned with his mouth full of cookies. Aggie held a glass of wine to Niles' lips, and as he drank the wine, she too took liberties, squeezing his bottom. Niles did not know how to think about the twin's attention. He had never been treated this way by such delightful females. Niles was beyond aroused now, and the cookie and wine were delicious. They took turns feeding him, never relenting on playing with his jean-clad tail. The homemade wine was intense, and he was feeling it. Niles could feel the wetness dripping from his circumcised member. After feeding him several cookies and two glasses of wine, Niles felt outstanding.
"You will model those thong-style briefs for us, right?" Tabby said, pouting and batting her eyelashes like a southern bell.
"Please," Aggie said, pouting as well.
"I don't know, I am too shy," Niles claimed, his breathing sounding uneven as he spoke.
"You will, or we won't help anymore," Tabby said.
"Okay, I will do it," Niles said hesitantly being more liberated by the intense wine.
"Go change; only wear the thong, Niles. Then come out and have some more wine and cookies," Aggie said.
Niles returned to the bedroom, removed his clothes, and put the thong on. He looked in the dresser mirror. His cock strained against the thin fabric. He thought he looked like a Chip and Dale dancer; maybe he looked hot. That must be the wine. He embarrassedly walked back to the kitchen, hands covering his junk.
"Take your hands away, or we leave," Aggie said.
Niles took his hands away, still quite uncomfortable.
"Wow, so sexy," Tabby said.
"Turn around, let us see," Aggie said.
Niles slowly turned for them. When Niles looked at the twins, he noticed their pointy nipples poking out against the thin blue halter tops. The sight of Niles was affecting the twins as well. Niles' hard nine-inch cock was straining the light fabric of the thong.
"What a sexy ass you have, Niles," Tabitha said.
"Have some wine," Aggie said, pressing the glass to his lips again. She groped his cock through the thong this time. Tabitha tweaked his nude nipple. Niles was too aroused to resist anymore. Niles began moaning as Tabby grabbed his balls with her other hand and softly squeezed.
Tabitha's cell phone rang. "Hello, Mom," she said, releasing Niles' full testicles.
"Yes, we met the neighbor. He is single and hot, and we are helping him unpack. No, he has no groceries other than dry goods," Tabitha said into her iPhone.
Niles could hear an undiscernible female voice from the iPhone.
"I will ask," Tabitha said.
"Mom wants you to come to dinner. Will you come?" she asked.
"Sure, I would love to come," Niles said.
Aggie fished Niles' cock from the thong and bent down to lick the head. Niles moaned. His cock throbbed as she teasingly licked the urethra of his prick.
"I need to go, Mom; Niles is modeling his thong for us." After a slight pause, "Yes, he will wear it to dinner if you want him to," she said, not even asking Niles' opinion. "See you soon."
"Do not make him come. We need him pliable. Mom wants to see him in his thong," Tabitha said.
Niles sighed defeatedly; Niles longed to have an orgasm. The teasing was driving him crazy.
"We should unpack more boxes," Aggie said, pulling the front of Niles' thong back over his now enraged penis.
"You will wear the thong as your new work uniform," Tabitha giggled.
"I would rather put shorts over it," Niles said.
"That would spoil your exhibitionist fun," Agatha said.
"I am not an exhibitionist," Niles claimed.
"We think you are. It seems that way anyway," Tabitha said.
"Am I an exhibitionist?" Niles wondered. Further musing ", I enjoy being naked alone but consider myself a private nudist. I am too embarrassed to be an exhibitionist around others."
They unpacked two more rooms before dinner time. The girls kept teasing him to ensure he was motivated to do as they wished and wear the skimpy thong.
"Our house is just up the road. We can walk there," Aggie said.
"Can I put shorts on for the walk," Niles pleaded.
"No, your attire is fine," Tabby said, caressing his thinly-clad erection.
"We should just pull him there with his dick," Aggie said, joyfully laughing.
"It sure would make a nice handle," Tabitha giggled.
"No! I will come willingly," Niles said, mortified by that prospect.
They were soon outside each of the twins was holding one of his arms. They pinned his arms and prevented him from covering himself or walking fast. The trio slowly walked down his asphalt drive and turned left up the winding two-lane road. The girls were enjoying exposing him. Niles was more aroused than he had ever been, he loved the teasing, and he loved the forced exposure. Niles had never felt so alive. Four minutes later, Niles and the twins walked up a worn concrete driveway just as Niles heard a car traveling on the road behind him. His naked white bottom was glowing in the bright evening sun. Niles expectantly waited for the vehicle to stop; it did not, yet it was a close call, but the unknown driver had not seen his stark white exposure. Secretly, Niles was disappointed. The drive was long and wide and had white T markings painted where cars parked parallel along the length.
They walked to the back of a white two-story farmhouse with a full basement and climbed the worn wooden back stairs to enter the kitchen. The kitchen was a conventional style for the period of the house and contained cream-colored ceramic tile counters, a white farm-style sink, a large vintage four-burner gas stove, and a six place wooden table in the center of the room on the brick look vinyl flooring. Six lathe-turned-leg chairs were tucked neatly along both sides of the table. An attractive 50-year-old young-looking woman waited for them. The older woman was taller than her daughters. Stella, like her daughters, wore a halter top, shorts, and a frilly lace apron around her waist. Her lovely brown hair had only a handful of grey hairs scattered among the locks. Stella wore her hair pulled back like her daughters, but her scrunchy was black.
"This is our mother, Stella," Tabitha said.
Stella shared the twin's mesmerizing green eyes. She had a fit body with shapely legs and full breasts that looked like they did not sag. She looked young for her age and could easily be mistaken for the twin's older sister. Niles sheepishly walked into the kitchen, now both loving and regretting his rigid member, barely concealed by the tiny thong.
"How do you do? I am Niles Haffcock," Niles said.
"Hello, that thong looks ridiculous on you. Remove it now," Stella said.
Still drunk from the wine, Niles removed it immediately, his hard-on springing up as the elastic waistband released it. Niles silently dreaded the women's reaction to his freakish size but somehow could not disobey the forceful Stella. The three Taft women gasped at his glorious reveal. Niles mistook this as a negative response and tried to cover himself with his hands. Stella smacked his bottom harshly.
"Take your hands away, now," Stella said. Niles complied, humiliated to be so on display, yet he felt exhilaratingly naked. His penis told another story to the women, proving that he loved his nude predicament. The Taft women made lust-filled eye contact, each affirming how wonderful they found his rigid member's perfect size.
"Good boy, now wash up for dinner; it is almost ready," Stella said.
Tabitha led him to the hall bath to wash his hands. Then she said, "Maybe this would look even better shaved." Referring to Niles' pubic hair. Stella had followed them down the hall.
"Yes, shave his face, underarms, and balls too. All his body hair must go. Dinner will wait. I want him presentable for our meal," Stella said with authority.
"What an oxymoronic idea; how could naked be presentable?" Niles mused. Niles had never thought of shaving his body hair. The idea of a razor around his junk scared him.
"Don't worry, I am very good with a razor," Tabby said. Aggie came in with scissors and cut most of his offensive hair off. Aggie applied shaving cream, and Tabitha shaved him expertly. After he was hairless, Niles felt even more wickedly exposed. Tabitha then expertly shaved his handsome face.
"We have hit the bonanza here," Tabitha thought. Stella came into the small bathroom to view the results.
"That looks much better, Niles; you are very sexy hairless, and exposed," Stella remarked. The three women once again looked at one another, smiling cheekily.
"Take a shower to rinse off," Stella ordered. Niles entered the green and white subway tile-surrounded claw foot tub and quickly showered. When he stepped out of the shower, Stella held a towel open and wrapped up Niles. She rubbed him dry with the towel. She used the towel to squeeze him everywhere. Niles' breath quickened as he became intensely aroused by her attention. Niles felt lightheaded and almost fell back into the tub. Agatha reached out to steady Niles, placing her hand against his bottom. Stella hung the towel, leaving Niles exposed once more.
"That is the nicest-looking cock I have ever seen. It would be best if you never covered it around us ever," Stella complimented Niles.
"It is perfect, especially now without the nasty hair," Tabitha said.
Niles' mind was reeling, "They like my cock and want me to be naked all the time." Niles was confused yet highly excited by the compliment and felt proud of his member for the first time.
They went to dinner and sat around the kitchen table. The meal was fried chicken and all the right sides, corn pudding, mashed potatoes, and collard greens. Of course, the newly fermented peach wine was the beverage. Niles had never had collard greens before and found them quite bitter. Niles politely ate everything on his plate.
"Have some more collard greens, the herbs in them will keep you virile," Stella said as she served the remaining secret herb medicinal filled helping on his plate. Niles dutifully ate the greens and chased the nasty out of his mouth with more peach wine.
"Sure is nice having a naked stud over for dinner," Tabby said with a coy smile.
"I'll say," Agatha chimed in, giggling happily.
Niles was embarrassed again, having his nude state the subject of conversation.
"Girls, be polite. He is a very sexy specimen, though," Stella said, smiling knowingly.
Everyone had just finished eating when Niles suddenly needed to use the restroom. Niles said, "Please excuse me as he rushed to the hall bathroom, the "medicinal" herbs having taken effect, and sat at once on the toilet. A stream of liquid filth erupted from his bowels. To his mortification, the three women joined him in the bathroom as a disgusting discharge filled the toilet bowl. He never used the bathroom with an audience since his mother had potty trained him.
"Tummy upset?" Stella asked, smiling evilly, knowing full well what was happening.
"He needs an enema, Mother," Agatha said, excitement evident in her tone.
"Yes, that will fix him up," Tabby said.
Niles' humiliation continued as they quickly found an enema bottle in the sink cabinet. Niles' penis was still rock hard, and he could not understand it. His stomach dilemma should have killed his arousal, yet his dick was still painfully erect. Stella pulled Niles off the toilet and flushed it as Agatha washed his anus with a washcloth. Tabitha filled the enema bottle with Castile soap and water and handed it to Stella.
"Get in the tub and lie on your back. Place your feet each on the side of the tub," Stella ordered.
"With everyone in here?" Niles asked unsurely.
Stella smacked his bottom harshly. The pain seared through his nervous system.
"Do as your told," Stella said forcefully.
Niles did as asked and got into the deep white porcelain tub with his legs spread obscenely wide as Stella wished. Stella lubricated the elongated, spherical tip of the red rubber enema bottle. She placed it against his tight pink hole as the other two sensual women watched his forced spectacle expectantly; Niles felt arousal, humiliation, and pain in his stomach and reddening bottom. Stella humiliatingly inserted the bulbous red tip of the enema hose into Niles. Niles held his breath as it intruded his bowels. His anus clenched tightly against the violation. Stella slapped his ass painfully once more.
"Relax, let it in, now," she said.
Niles eased his muscles, and the tip entered his tight hole.
"Hold still, Niles," Stella said as she teasingly spun the tip back and forth inside his sensitive flesh. Niles squirmed, and Stella intentionally pulled it out, wanting to torment him further.
"See what you've done; now I have to put it in again," Stella said.
"Hold still if you know what's good for you," Agatha added, exponentially adding to Niles' degradation.
Stella, an almost stranger to Niles, slowly inserted it once more. Niles was awash with conflicting lust-fueled emotions. Niles could feel it enter through every nerve of his overly sensitive opening. Seeing he was enjoying it, Stella slowly began to work the tip in and out. Niles let out a quiet, almost inaudible moan. "No, the humiliation, No, the decadent pleasure." His mind reeled, questioning everything. How could he like this, Niles thought. "I am not a pervert." Finally, after she sensed Niles was amply humiliated, she stopped and opened the valve, and squeezed the liquid inside his bowels. Niles felt full of the warm water, obscenely filling his insides. He had never felt so bloated. He had never felt so humiliated or obscenely exposed as he did this instant, suffering this in front of an audience of three gorgeous women.
"I am going to remove the hose; hold the water for ten minutes," Stella sternly ordered.
Niles grimaced while he nodded as the tip popped out of his arse. Agatha set a timer on her phone and propped it up so Niles could watch it count down. Niles' face became intense as he concentrated on holding his water. Niles watched the clock as his discomfort rose.
"I hope I can hold out," Niles thought to himself.
The three women watched with anticipation. Seconds felt like minutes, and ten minutes seemed an hour as Niles lay in agonized suspense. At last, the timer ran out, and Stella and Agatha helped Niles to the toilet. As soon as he sat, he released the water with much relief. The liquid smelled terrible, but his stomach felt much better. The three women had shamelessly watched him on the toilet once more. He felt an ultimate lack of privacy, and he felt so degraded.
"Get back in the tub. You are not clean inside yet," Stella said.
Niles got back into the tub and the now familiar indecent position.
"Good boy," Stella said as she lubed the tip again. He relaxed as the end slid in much easier this time. Once again, she toyed with his opening as Niles endured her sadistic enjoyment. Stella savored his plight as he submitted to her evil scheme.
"Fifteen minutes this time, Agatha," Stella said as she opened the valve again.
As Stella pulled the hose out, Agatha set the timer again and turned it so Niles could watch the seconds slowly pass. Niles grunted as he clinched his muscles to hold in the liquid. Stella went to the kitchen, leaving the girls in charge of Niles. Tabitha and Agatha helped him onto the toilet when the timer ran out. Once again, sweet release as his bowels evacuated into the bowl. It smelled a little bit better this time.
"If he is still not cleaned out, do it again for twenty minutes," Stella called out from the kitchen.
"You heard Mother," Agatha said gleefully.
Niles assumed the nastily exposed position in the tub once more. Agatha lubed the freshly filled enema bottle and pressed the hose against his rectum. Agatha pushed it in and slowly worked it in and out repeatedly as Niles whimpered out a quiet moan of pleasure. Next, she opened the valve and again filled Niles' insides with soap water. "Twenty minutes," Stella repeated from the kitchen. Agatha pulled the tip of the hose out, forcing Niles to clinch his sphincter to keep the liquid from escaping. Tabitha set the phone timer this time and placed it where Niles could watch its agonizingly slow progress. Niles felt tremendously bloated as the timer slowly counted down. Niles did not understand why he was enjoying this, "what is wrong with me?" he thought. Niles felt guilt for going along with all this. It did not align with his conservative nature, but wicked as it was, he loved the attention of the beautiful neighbors and would do whatever they asked. The twenty minutes passed slowly, but in due course, the two sexy twins helped Niles onto the toilet. The liquid draining out of Niles was now the soap's color and only smelled like the soap; he was clean inside. His stomach felt terrific, and Niles realized that his hard-on had never relented through this ordeal.
"Rinse Niles off in the shower and bring him back to the kitchen," Stella instructed.
Niles rinsed off, and the twins dried him off as he got out. The women dragged naked Niles back into the kitchen. Stella had cleared the table and tidied up the kitchen. Stella is now wearing her white doctor smock unbuttoned over her halter top.
"Did the girls tell you I am a General Practitioner? The only local Doctor?" Stella asked.
"No," Niles replied.
"Well, I am Doctor Taft, and I think it is time for your physical. I am concerned about your stomach. Show Niles into the exam room, girls," Stella said.
"Can we wear our nurse's uniforms, Mother?" Tabitha asked.
"Yes, after Niles is in the exam room, go and quickly change," Stella said.
They led Niles down a set of steep straight, flight wooden stairs to the basement. At the foot of the stairs was a closed door. Agatha opened the door, and they entered the central room of the understory of the house utilized as a waiting room/reception area for the medical practice. The flooring was grey commercial plastic tile, and the smooth, clean walls were off-white. They took Niles behind the reception counter and opened a door revealing a fully equipped exam room.
"Wait here; the Doctor will be with you in a moment. Do not bother with the formality of the exam gown," the twins said in otherworldly unison, sounding very professional.
Niles anxiously sat on the paper cover black leather exam table. The room had the standard medical equipment: a scale, stainless sink, eye chart, and stainless steel cupboards. Niles waited nervously for the women to return. Minutes passed as Niles covered one eye to see how low on the eye chart he could read. His vision had always been excellent. Only then did he remember the Doctor's office placard in front of the house that had somehow escaped his consciousness? The three women returned. The twins now attired in very campy nurse's uniforms. The two dress outfits featured short skirts and fishnet stockings. The twins wore nurse's blouses unbuttoned to reveal their ample cleavage, and two cute nurse's caps, finished the look. Niles had often fantasized about sexy nurses, and his still-hard cock throbbed with anticipation. Not to be outdone, Doctor Stella had removed her halter top and recovered her torso with her unbuttoned smock, which only covered the outer part of her amazing breasts. The white cloth just covered her nipples. Her shiny stethoscope dangled over her enticingly exposed chest. Tabitha held an exam form tablet and a pen to record his exam results as her mother discussed the proceedings.
"Stand here," Doctor Taft said.
Niles stood in front of Doctor Stella. She placed the stethoscope on his chest and listened to his heart. When Dr. Stella moved her arms, her smock almost revealed her large hard nipple. Niles yearned for a better view, but it did not happen. Then he went through the usual checks, feeling up and down his legs, prodding his abdomen, and having him cough while she cupped his squeezed testicles. The Doctor's fingers gently rolled his balls around in their grasp as she felt for lumps.
"No abnormalities found yet, Tabitha." Tabitha checked a series of boxes on the form.
Niles found her touch erotic, and Stella could feel him trembling in arousal. Niles had never considered an examination by his Doctor sexual before, but sexy Stella in her attire affected Niles differently. The stethoscope tangled on her medical smock, and straightening it out pulled the opening apart, exposing her right breast fully. Niles gasped, and his mouth fell open. Stella did not fix her apparel, enjoying how much it was teasing Niles.
"Now up on the exam table," the Doctor ordered.
Niles climbed onto the table and stared at her large pink exposed nipple again. His mouth fell open, and the Doctor loved that she was affecting him this way. Niles sat on the table's edge as Stella used her hammer to check his reflexes while Niles gazed transfixed by her lovely revealed nipple as her breast jiggled in sync with each triangular hammer blow.
"Reflexes normal," Stella said to Tabitha.
Tabitha dropped the pen and bent low to pick it up, causing her skirt to rise. Tabitha deliberately spread her legs slightly apart as she leaned unnecessarily over to give Niles a good view. The racy short dress rode up. Niles could see her where her transparent panties bunched together over her shaved sex. Tabitha took her time retrieving the pen. Stella waited patiently, not wanting to spoil Niles' enjoyment. Tabitha loved to be a tease, and Stella shared in her enjoyment. Niles' lust-filled head was spinning; he could not think straight. After hours of teasing, his balls felt so full he feared they would burst. Tabitha picked up the pen and stood back. When Niles looked back at Stella, while Niles was distracted by Tabitha, the Doctor adjusted the white smock wide open to reveal her ample breasts. Niles stared at the dark pink symmetrical circles at the tip of her perfect breasts. Niles licked his lips without even realizing he had done so. Niles did not know how he could endure much more of this.
"Now lie at the end of the table, Niles," Stella ordered.
Stella adjusted the stirrups and tied Niles spread eagle with two black belt-like straps on the exam table as the twins secured each of his arms. Niles had never felt so vulnerable. Stella checked the arm restraints dangling her breasts over Niles' face, inches from his mouth. Niles longed to suckle her big nipples, and the Doctor knew it. She lowered her hard nipple towards his open mouth, and just before he could nurse it, she pulled it away teasingly to continue the exam.
"Let's just check your prostate, Niles," Stella said as she wore blue latex gloves.
Niles grimaced and strained fruitlessly against the restraints. The leather bindings held fast. Niles was apprehensive as he had never experienced an examination this way before, but he did not voice his objections. Conservative Niles had never considered backdoor sex normal, but this was just an exam. Niles thought.
"Be a good sport and endure the exam," the Doctor coaxed.
Niles braced himself for the unpleasantness. She placed a small round stool between the stirrups of the exam table. She dipped her glove's index finger in petroleum-based medical lube, sat on the round black seat, and gently rubbed around Niles' dark pink opening. Niles tried to relax as her finger slowly worked into him. Niles felt each knuckle as it opened his tight rosebud. His brain flooded with the now familiar mix of intense lust and severe humiliation. Stella began massaging his prostate, and Niles could not stop the primal moan he unwillingly let escape his mouth.
"The prostate seems fine," Stella said.
Stella could tell her manipulations were about to cause Niles to ejaculate, so she removed her finger.
"Maybe I should give Niles a second opinion," Agatha said.
"That is a great idea," Stella said.
Niles looked over at Agatha, and she had the nurse's uniform top pulled off her shoulders where the barely buttoned V barely covered her nipples. She wore a blue latex glove lubed and ready to violate his tight opening. When she bent over, Niles lifted his head in a failed attempt to see down her blouse. He could not see enough, though. Her finger worked slowly into his rectum, and he whimpered once more. She, too, massaged his prostate with the tip of her index finger.
"Maybe you should use two fingers," Tabitha said.
"Yes, that is a splendid idea," Stella said.
"Of course, second opinion, second finger," Agatha quipped.
Niles waited helplessly; as Tabitha pulled her index finger out, she combined it with her middle one and slithered them into the widened opening. Again, Niles' sensitive nerves could feel each knuckle scrape the sides of his hole as her fingers wiggled slowly through. Once they were totally in, she thrust them in and out slowly as Niles' head fell to one side, and shameful drool dripped from the corner of his mouth. Niles felt disgraced for enjoying the sensations, but he liked how the two fingers felt as Tabatha reamed his most private place with the fingers, as each prostrate bump sent more fluid into his engorged sack.
"I think we might need a third opinion," Stella said.
"Oh yes, with three fingers," Tabitha interjected.
Tabitha put on gloves and replaced her sister between Niles' wide-spread legs. She wiggled three fingers into him as pre-seminal fluid dripped from his now painful erection; again, his head slumped over, and he whimpered quietly. She began fucking his anus with her fingers, bumping his prostate with every stroke. Niles' huge balls were about to squirt semen. The pleasure of the immoral humiliation of pliable Niles transfixed the trio.
"Do not make him climax," Stella ordered.
Despite pouting, Tabitha removed her fingers. Niles felt incredibly stimulated, humiliated, and cruelly denied. His over-engorged balls ached; he so needed to ejaculate.
"Maybe, the final check would require your whole fist, Mother," Agatha said.
"I think you are right," Stella said.
"It will never fit," Niles said, his face reflecting his worry.
"Sure, it will; surprisingly, human anuses are very elastic," Stella said.
"Yes, Mother, I truly want to see this," Tabitha pleaded.
"I am not gay. Please don't," Niles complained.
"We know you aren't Stud, but tied up as you are, you can't stop the three of us from having fun," Doctor Taft said.
"Besides, it is not gay to get a prostate exam," Agatha said.
"We can tell you are enjoying it anyway," Tabitha said.
With that settled, Stella returned to her stool between vulnerable Niles' legs. She slowly and teasingly inserted her first finger and enjoyed fingering his prostate as he moaned wantonly. Stella removed her finger to add one more and repeated the process. Niles could not hold still as the intensity of her sensual assault continued. She pulled her fingers to add a third one when he unwittingly moaned again. Niles could not help himself; the primitive noises affirming he found her perverse violation of him as pleasurable escaped his mouth. The Doctor slowly pushed the digits past his flesh's slight resistance. Now she began to twist the fingers around in his opening pink orifice. Niles groaned loudly in shameful pleasure. Then Dr. Stella knew he was ready for her whole fist. She forced all her fingers up inside him. She filled his rectum with her entire hand, causing Niles to exhale several rapid breaths. Niles' ass had never experienced such elasticity, and he was not ready for the amount of stretch his tight hole experienced or the incredible sensations this caused. The young man wickedly loved it. Prim Niles did not wish to enjoy the perverse activities of the trio, but undeniably he did. The new male neighbor's testicles were full due to all the teasing and looked huge. Niles was about to climax from the intense pressure on his prostate.
"Do not climax, Niles," Stella said.
"I cannot help it. I am going to explode," Niles said.
Stella pinched the base of his erection, and his orgasm stopped before it started.
"Oh," Niles said dejectedly. The newly retired man's testicles were still painfully full.
"That is the end of the exam," Stella said as she released his legs. The twins each released an arm. They helped Niles to his feet. They led him back up the stairs to the kitchen. He was still rock hard. Hours of arousal were wearing on Niles; he wanted sexual release. Stella found sadistic enjoyment in his predicament.
"Do you think Niles would work for the 'Fold'" Agatha asked.
"I doubt it; he does not seem spiritual enough," Stella said.
"Good, then we can play with him as we wish," Tabitha said.
"I want ice cream," Tabitha said.
"We don't have any in the freezer," Doctor Taft said.
"Can we go to Callie's?" Agatha asked.
Callie's was the local drive-in restaurant--the establishment of a local family renowned for having excellent craft ice cream. The restaurant also served burgers and fries. Customers could eat inside or park their cars in the car hop spaces and receive service in their vehicles.
"Sure, Niles will buy us some, right, Niles?" Stella said.
"I have no pants and no wallet," Niles said.
"We can stop by your house for the wallet," Agatha said.
"How about some clothes?" Niles asked.
"You will not need any. It is almost closing time, and the inside will be closed, and just the drive-in will be open," Stella said.
Still naked, they led Niles down the back stairs to Stella's car, a Nissan GT R.
"Niles will ride shotgun; he will have to get out for his wallet," Stella said.
They all got into the low 2-door sports car. Stella pulled down the drive and turned left, almost immediately turning down Niles' driveway. She parked the car in front of his house. Doctor Taft and her husband Thomas divorced. Thomas was a plastic surgeon with little need for his skills out here. Therefore, he returned to the city and found love with another, a blond nurse named Regina. They tried to stay together, seeing one another only on weekends, but the long-distance eventually ruined the marriage. Her time with the 'Fold' had further limited her time with Thomas. Stella, although very lonely, had remained faithful, but Thomas had not. The affair happened while the twins were still in middle school, and Stella remained angry. Thomas had chosen his own selfish needs over the family. Stella's opinion of men suffered enormously at that time.
"Go get your wallet," Stella said.
Niles got out and went into the house and grabbed his wallet. He looked at his dresser and decided to put on his red, white, and blue Speedo swimsuit. Niles figured the girls would compromise on this for the drive, and he hurried back to the car. Stella looked very angry when she saw the new neighbor had put something on. Stella got out of her motor.
"What are you wearing?" she asked.
"My speedo, technically, is not clothing," Niles argued.
"They are cute on you, but what do you think, girls? Can he wear them?" Stella asked.
"Only at the pool. I say no," Agatha said.
"Or on the fourth of July. I vote naked," Tabitha said.
"I vote naked also. Why would we cover such a lovely cock, "Stella said as she pulled them down Niles' legs. Niles' cock sprung out as his Speedo released it. Stella went to her knees, took his penis into her mouth, and began sucking. Niles started to gyrate in pleasure. Stella enjoyed teasing him, and Niles was about to climax again, but Stella was not about to allow that yet. She stopped just in time, edging Niles again. Niles sighed dejectedly.
"Kick off those patriotic panties and get in the car," Stella said.
"They are not panties. They are for men," Niles protested as he kicked the swimming costume off his leg and awkwardly walked to the motor, showing that he felt as if he could not even close his legs against his enlarged balls.
Stella laughed at him and did not retract her description of his Speedo.
"You deserved that, and Mom said no clothes," Agatha said.
Niles sullenly returned to the car, still spinning from the almost oral satisfaction.
They drove off at almost sunset as the light faded over the tree-covered western hills. There was still a half hour of lowering light before darkness would fall. Stella reached over and began stroking Niles' hard-on.
"You were bad, Niles. You know I said you were to stay naked for our trip for ice cream. Now I am going to punish you by teasing and denying you. You better not climax. If you do, you will be walking home," Stella said. The two-lane winding road to the nearby town was virtually empty.
"I am so horny. I may not be able to help myself," Niles said.
Just then, two young women in white lifted F150 4x4 passed on the other side of the road. Niles saw the red-haired driver react to his nudity; Niles feared she saw him in his exposed state.
"You heard me," Stella said. She was not even noticing the two Burnett sisters in their deceased father's pickup. Life in the mountains proved hard on men; many died young, leaving widows and children. The Burnett sisters were attractive red-haired sirens. They were not twins but very similar in appearance. The Burnett sisters were several years behind the Taft twins in school but had still hung out after high school.
Niles' was so excited by her wanking his member he began writhing around the seat. The twins made evil eye contact with their mother through the rearview mirror. Niles started to moan, and the twins began giggling. The white pickup appeared in Stella's rearview mirror. They wanted to see more of Niles. The F150 headlights flashed on and off rapidly as the truck's horn blared. Laughing, Stella pulled over. The pickup pulled up behind the Nissan. The two Burnett sisters exited the vehicle and walked up to the passenger side of the Nissan. The two tall, athletic women could easily see Niles through the passenger window. Stella removed her hand, allowing the sisters a better view of Niles' rigid male appendage. Niles tried to press himself down in the seat to avoid scrutiny, quite worried about their potential reaction. He feared they might call the authorities, and he could go to jail.
"Hello, what do we have here? Fresh meat? What a beautiful and large cock you have," Amanda Burnett said.
"Wow, that is a gorgeous dick," Heather agreed.
Niles relaxed, proud of their compliment and excited to show himself now. "What is in the water here? All the women are exquisite," Niles thought, "they all seem to like my rod, also."
"This is Niles. Niles, this is Amanda and Heather. They are close friends of ours," Stella said.
Stella and Connie Burnett had been lifelong friends. After school, they had each suffered from becoming single at a young age. Connie's husband had died in an industrial explosion in a coal mine.
"Can you bring Niles to our mom's birthday party?" Heather asked.
"Who else is coming?" Tabitha asked.
"We have not sent any invitations yet," Amanda said. Amanda Burnett was the younger of the two sisters at just twenty-one. Heather was three years older than her.
"If you make it a female party, we will bring Niles," Stella said.
"Niles would be a male," Agatha said.
"Niles would be the server," Stella said.
"Nude server, I hope," Amanda said.
"Of course, Connie will love it. Do not tell her it will be a birthday surprise," Stella said.
"I have not agreed to anything," Niles said.
Stella played with his erection again.
"You want to make all the ladies happy? Don't you?" Stella asked.
Niles just sighed, wanting to say yes, yet not wanting to seem too submissive.
"Just think a room full of horny women taking liberties with your exposed body," Tabitha said.
Niles shuddered from the fantasies invading his thoughts while Stella intentionally brought him close to an orgasm. Niles began moaning; Stella stopped her hand before Niles could climax.
"If you ever want to spew your seed, say yes," Stella said.
"Okay, I will come," Niles said, feigning defeat.
"Only when we let you," the twins giggled in unison. All the women laughed sinisterly.
"That would be great, Saturday at 5:30. We will take Mom shopping at the mall in Independence and bring her in after you set everything up. We will have Mom arrive at 6:00," Heather said.
"Okay, we can finish planning later. We are going for Ice cream before closing time," Stella said.
"We have to go, anyway; Mother needs the Tylenol we are bringing. She has a headache," Heather said.
"Bye, girls, see you Saturday," the Doctor said.
"Goodbye, ladies, and Niles, looking forward to seeing more of you on Saturday," Amanda said.
"You could hardly see less of him," the girls quipped, voices in unison.
The two sisters returned to the pickup and drove off. Stella started the car and drove off.
"You said I could cum if I agreed," Niles complained.
Stella just laughed wickedly.
"Don't worry, sweet cheeks; we will make you cum later. We promise," the twins said.
Stella drove the winding road towards the small town until she entered the small one-stoplight town and left adjacent to the neon sign and into the restaurant's parking lot. She parked under a long flat-roofed awning and in one of the car-hop spaces, and a young blond, drop-dead gorgeous eighteen-year-old woman, wearing a short teal poodle-skirt fifties-styled car-hop uniform, roller skated up to the Nissan G TR. Her name tag read Vivian. The only vehicle at the business was their car, and the restaurant was almost closed.
"Can I take your order," Vivian asked vivaciously with a voice as sweet as sugar as she glanced into the car. "Oh, what do we have here? Out for a naked joy ride, stud?" The already bubbly Vivian was giddy to see naked Niles. Niles turned red again with embarrassment.
"I tried to wear my swimsuit," Niles said.
"We all voted against it," Agatha said.
"That was very democratic. (suppressing a snicker) I vote for you to stay naked over wearing a swimsuit also, stud," Vivian said. Vivian was one of the Doctor's patients and another friend's daughter. Vivian was a kind, bright girl and not a gossip. The three women knew she was closing tonight, and therefore Niles' naked car ride was safe enough for both Niles and the Doctor's reputation.
"What can I get you, Doctor?" Vivian asked.
"We want four rocky-road ice cream cones," Stella said. Rocky-road was the family favorite.
Vivian skated off to place the order. Niles watched her shapely backside as she skated away. Seeing his eyes dalliance, Stella reached over to harshly squeeze Niles' freshly shaven balls. "Mind your manners, Niles," the Doctor said.
"I am sorry, but I am so excited I cannot think of anything but sex," Niles explained.
"You will apologize to Vivian when she returns with our order," the Doctor said.
Vivian returned with the ice cream.
"Niles has something to say to you," Stella said.
"I am sorry for staring at you when you skated away," Niles said.
"I forgive you, Honey," Vivian said.
"Not so fast; I think he owes you penance," Abby said.
"What are you suggesting?" Vivian asked.
"I think he should lick your pussy as penance," Tabbie said; as always, the two girls knew what the other was thinking.
"That would be great. I have been very horny since Matt and I broke up. I will punch out after you pay for the ice cream," Vivian said.
Vivian skated off with The twenty Stella took from Niles' wallet. She quickly returned in tennis shoes but still in the teal waitress dress. Vivian had stopped to use the bathroom and had removed her panties, placing them in her purse. She carried the tiny white leather bag back to Stella's car. The ice cream cones were four dollars each, and Vivian had kept the change as a tip.
"My car is in the shop again. I was going to call home for a ride," Vivian explained.
"We will run you home," Stella said.
"Lean the seat back Niles and turn around and lay upside down with your legs over the seat back," Stella ordered. Niles did as instructed, and Vivian sat on his face and buckled the seat belt around them. Stella handed Vivian Niles ice cream. Niles began dutifully licking Vivian's shaved, young wet snatch as the blood drained to his head. Stella backed the Nissan up and pulled away. Vivian whimpered as she enjoyed Niles' tongue and his frozen chocolate dessert. Vivian's cell phone buzzed in her cute little white clutch. Vivian answered her mobile, "Hello. I do not need a ride, Mom; Doctor Taft gave me a ride," Vivian said.
"More like Niles is giving you a ride," Tabitha quipped.
"Yeah, on his face," Agatha added, giggling.
Vivian covered the cell, embarrassedly trying to prevent her mother from hearing the twins. Vivian mouthed, "Stop it," silently over her shoulder at the now giddy twins. This plea only caused them to laugh even more.
"Behave yourselves," Doctor Taft said.
Vivian lived on "Elm," a side street perpendicular to the small downtown. The grid of the small town only had a handful of streets, and Doctor Taft knew where she lived; there was no need for directions.
"Be home soon; bye, Mom," Vivian said as she ended the call.
Directly after ending the call, Vivian shuddered in an intense orgasm. The Nissan turned right onto Elm Street, and Vivian was three blocks from her parent's home, now just her mother's home as her father had passed. Just then, the car pulled by the iron arch that announced, "Mooresville community park," the front edge of this common, which ended only three doors from Vivian's home. This community recreation area fronted over two blocks of one side of the narrow street, and houses lined up the other. The open space suspended two sleepy 90-degree lanes for two blocks, Almond Lane and Walnut Lane, only to continue the next block on the other side. Diagonally through the park from Vivians stood the public library and small community center on the corner of Oak and Main. The bright, just-waning moonlight glistened on the park's vast lawn.
"Can we stop at the park to finish our ice cream?" Tabby asked.
"That is a great idea. We should go for an evening stroll," Aggie quipped.
"We should; Niles will enjoy the exposure. What do you think, Niles," the Doctor asked as her slightly sinister smile returned.
Vivian raised a bit off his face to let Niles speak. Niles began to protest, but Vivian silenced that with her bare pussy once more; Niles licked her even more earnestly as she quivered in ecstasy. Though she previously had a climax, her power over Niles and his tongue again pushed the young nymphomaniac over the edge.
"I love your tongue, Niles," Vivian said.
Stella pulled into a parking space at the less-used edge of the park. The park was empty for two reasons it was a baseball game night, and the park hours were dawn till dusk. Just in front of the vehicle stood several coiled-spring animals the kind children ride on. The newly renovated swing set, purchased by a local car dealer, its bright yellow plastic features looked sadly empty behind the sprong toys. Several streetlights illuminated the front of the park, and the houses across the street had a good view of the park entrance. Niles felt cramped in his uncomfortable position.
"No one is here, Niles," Tabitha said.
"Perfect timing, right Niles?" Agatha said, giggling.