Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pt 14.
---
I was out running errands, and I figured I'd go and see what Dan was doing. He said he was busy and didn't have the time to play, so I offered to help.
He was going to wash the van and the motorcycle. I didn't want to wash stuff in my dress, as it'd get all wet and dirty. Dan suggested I just wear my underwear.
"I can't do that in public!" I said, and he told me to take my dress off.
I was wearing a lacy white bra and a thong underneath it.
"That's not much smaller than a bikini," he said.
"You keep saying that," I said. "Have you ever seen a bikini this small?"
"Not on you, no."
"Also," I pointed out, "this'll probably end up see through if it gets wet."
"I'd say I'm counting on it," he said.
I took off my sneakers and socks, and we went down to the parking lot.
Dan brought over a bucket and sponge, put some soap in the bucket, then filled it up with the hose.
He then sprayed my front with the hose, and sure enough my bra went almost see through, and my nipples went stiff from the cold.
While I started soaping down the van, he went and got a folding chair to sit and watch me.
I spent my time teasing him by bending at the waist, so he could see my bum. I got the whole van (apart from the roof that I couldn't reach) soaped up, and Dan hosed it off. He hosed me off, too, just in case my underwear was starting to dry. He handed me a cloth to dry it, and sat back down.
Andy and a girl I assumed was his new fiancee arrived. I could see they were chatting with Dan, so when I was finished drying, I ran over so my tits would bounce around.
"Andy!" I said, "how are you?"
"Fine," he said, looking a little puzzled.
"I haven't seen you since the engagement party, how was your hangover?"
"Were you at the club?" he asked, puzzled.
"No, after that - I was here, and helped him get you to bed."
"Thank you for looking out for him," said his fiancee, while Andy started to look a little sick.
"Let's go up," she said, "we've got a lot to organize."
"Nice to meet you!" I said brightly as they disappeared upstairs.
"You know he thinks I blew him, don't you?" I asked Dan.
"Well, he's worried that maybe you did, maybe you didn't. I'm pretty sure she'd have been upset just by the cream lap dance."
"I'm done," I said. "Can we do something fun now?"
"I still need to wash the bike," he said.
He brought the motorcycle over, and filled the bucket again. When I was done with washing it, Dan pulled my bra down and covered my tits with soap suds.
"Just a minute while I rinse it," he said.
He hosed the bike, then me, and I put my tits back in my bra. I dried the bike, too.
He put the bike away, and I asked if we could do something fun now.
"Well, you're almost in your bikini, we could go and sunbathe in the park to dry it."
"Can I wear my dress?" I asked.
"I thought you wanted to keep it clean," he said. "Your underwear's wet, and this'll dry it out. Or you could take your underwear off and take your chances in just the dress."
"Can I at least get my sneakers?" I asked.
"Sure, come on then."
"Do you have sun tan lotion?"
"Sure," he said.
We went upstairs and he changed, then we headed down to the park, with a rolled up towel and lotion. It was quiet at the park, and Dan led me to the middle of the grass with the other sunbathers, and spread out the towel. I took off my sneakers and lay down on my front, while he rubbed lotion all over my back, undoing my bra. Dan's always given great massages when he wants to.
"Turn over," he said, "and I'll do your front."
I did my bra up before turning on to my back. Dan started with the lotion massage again, working over my shoulders and down to my tits. That felt nice, and he put his hands under my bra and rubbed my nipples. He pulled my bra up so he could rub my tits properly.
He moved down my stomach, and was almost at my thong before I thought to put my tits back in my bra, I was so relaxed. He rubbed around my thong, dipping his fingers under it and teasing my pussy, then pulled it to the side so he could slide his fingers through my labia and rub my clit. After a few minutes of this, I came, and he moved on, rubbing my thighs. Again, I had to cover myself up, but I'd been lying there with my pussy on show to anybody looking our way for a few minutes.
When he got to my feet, he played "this little piggy went to market" with my toes because he knows I'm ticklish.
I sat up, it looked like we'd been out for a while. "Shit, I'd better go."
We got up, collected the towel again and walked back to his place. Once we were out of the park, Dan unhooked my bra so I walked back practically topless. We went upstairs so I could get dressed before heading home.