Working Out and Working
On Monday I had Mary start with a personal trainer in the morning and worked assisting my assistant in the afternoon. I also had her on a strict diet.
Since I wanted my wife to look like a total slut, It took some effort for me to find workout gear that I approved of. I finally found what I was looking for in cheap Chinese made workout clothes online. I mean, all workout clothing is Chinese made but they had really skimped on this. For the bottoms, I had her wearing spandex shorts that just barely covered her big ass, the hem nestled into the fold between thigh and leg. The material was almost paper thin and I ripped out the little square of absorbent material that would have been over Mary's pussy. I only bought pastel colors -- pink, yellow, light green -- and several that were white so it was even more see through. Finally, I bought them a size too small so that they would stretch and become even more sheer. It showed her muffin top but that just gave Mary incentive to work out harder. So, the shorts, especially the white ones were stretched and thin enough that a hint of flesh color was visible. In the back, the inner surfaces of her ass were visible all the way to her asscrack. In the front, her bush showed as a dark shadow. When she was lying down -- on her back doing bench presses for instance -- her crotch was extra sweaty, making the material even more see through and one could make out the contour of her labia.
The tops matched. They were all sports bras of course. Once again, they were too small so they pulled her boobs up and smooshed them together. She had cleavage clearly visible and the fronts barely covered her areolae. When she was on her back, especially for decline presses, the magenta tops were visible above the seam of the bra as her tits tried to escape. I ripped the lining out of the front of the bras too so the contours were clearly visible. Her areolae were visible as a disc-shaped silhouette with her nipples poking out the center. All but the green fabric was so light in color that the darker flesh of nipples and areolae was visible.
Her clothes were so tight that she was constantly adjusting them, pulling her bra top up, pulling her shorts legs down, picking her wedgie with her hips thrust to the side as she reached back. I set her up with a young male trainer. There were a few to choose from so I watched as Mary did a first workout with each of them. The one I chose worked her hard so she was getting a good workout but also so she was covered in sweat, her clothes almost scandalously transparent. And he stared at her tits, ass and pussy the entire time they worked out. She seemed uncomfortable with him at first but the workout mellowed her out and he got the job. During daily workouts, the trainer's job included using Mary's phone to video her, the sweatier and more exposed the better. He got quite good at it, being sure to kneel down when she did bench presses to get a good shot of her wet pussy. He did the same when she did reverse incline presses but from the opposite direction so I could see that her boobs actually did fall out of her top sometimes. Squats showed her ass stretching the fabric of her shorts, making them look even more transparent. I would send him thumbs up emojis when he sent particularly good pics.
At my office, I already had an administrative assistant. Katie was young, blonde, and built. She actually looked like a younger Mary. She had long muscular legs and her skirts never went below mid-thigh. I would sometimes sit in my office and just stare out my glass walls at the young woman. Her desk was situated to sit to the right of my door and angled away yet in towards the path leading to my door. Depending on how she was situated behind her desk, I could see those long legs, often crossed. Or I was looking at her ass. The chair had one of those thin iron plates between seat and back so I could appreciated her waist broadening to her large ass, her butt flattened on her desk chair. Of course, hot young women needing a good-paying job are plentiful so she was also smart and hard working.
I had a desk put in opposite Katie's and situated in a mirrored position. It was facing out from my office and diagonal to the path to my door so they formed a right angle with that path going between them. I also made it clear that Mary was Katie's assistant, an assistant administrative assistant. She could do typing and filing as needed, though most of it was computer work of course. Mary was, however, the sole person in the office who was to get refreshments such as coffee and tea for visiting clients as well as high-ranking staff who came to visit me. She was, in other words, my server. I made it clear to Katie not to treat Mary with deference because she was my wife. Quite the opposite, actually. "Treat her like an inferior human being. Not just to you, but to everybody," were my exact words. Katie smiled mischievously, obviously guessing that this was some sort of sex thing. She was correct, of course.
I had a strict dress code for Mary. For the first week, she had her hair and makeup done every day by a professional. She was to look sexy but professional, slutty and demure at the same time. The cosmetologist, who was quite expensive and well known, also taught Mary how to do this work each day. Mary had smokey eyes and her hair had body. Her lipstick was bright red and her eye shadow blue. She had long fake nails done in seasonal colors with graphics on them. I was amazed that she could type as well as she did.
Her outfits were also professional yet sexy. Tops were light colored, most of them white. They were fitted then tailored so they followed the curve of her body snugly. The blouses buttoned down, of course, with collars at the neck and cuffs at the forearms, leaving her slender wrists free to show jewelry. When she moved her arms, the seams of her bra strap were clearly visible at her back and, of course, it showed her nipples through the fabric. Her bras helped. They were sheer lace, which also showed as a pattern on her blouse, and pushed her tits up. I commanded her to keep the top two buttons of her blouse open so that others could see her decolletage and, when she served refreshments, she was instructed to bend over so clients, male or female, could get an eyeful of tits. That caused almost all of the male, and many of the female, clients to sit up and rearrange their legs.
For below the waist, I chose a hobble skirt that came to just above the knee. It was extra tight, following the contour of her hips snuggly from narrow waist to big ass and narrowing to a hem that was so tight she almost couldn't walk. She certainly couldn't pull up her skirt to use the restroom. The skirts were dark but the zippers obvious, silver or gold, with the pulls a charm of some sort. The fasteners were a little long, going down to the maximal swell of her ass, and seemed to invite the observer to pull them. Mary wore her blouses tucked in to the tops of the skirts, the sheer material showing the top of her black lace garter belt. The skirt was thick enough to almost, but not quite, hide the lines of her garters with their little buckles at the tops of her nylon hose. Bought from a place that used original looms to recreate hose from the early part of the twentieth century, the stockings shined where they bent and they had the thick seam down the back as well as the embroidered heels. She wasn't allowed panties, of course. Mary wore black pumps, patent or normal leather, but always with the toes open enough to show her manicured toenails covered by woven nylon. The heels were metal or matched the shoes, but always stiletto. She started with three-inch heels I was going to have her work her way up to five.
I never had Mary do anything sexual with me or the clients at the office, or at the gym for that matter. She was there to look sexual, to tease, to appear to be a slut. For the first month, she blushed almost the entire time but got used to it. However, I did try having her wear one of those new wearable vibrators that stimulated inside and on the clit, the kind with a remote control. When I was bored, I'd press the button, trying to catch her unawares so she would jump. Or I would just hold it down while she talked to someone at her desk. I liked watching her tense, sweating, trying not to show her arousal. She had some music going all the time so others wouldn't hear the vibrator. I only made her come when she was alone, though. Often, she put her head down and bit her lip as she came, working to keep her moans and screams in, her body shivering uncontrollably.
By the time, we got home, watching her swaying hips in that tight clothing all day, thinking about her garters without panties, and seeing her tits put on parade for everyone, had me incredibly horny. I decreed that Mary had to suck my cock daily, partly because I knew she didn't like sucking cock. It quickly became a routine.
I would come home and plop down on the couch. Still in her heels, she would go into the kitchen and bring me a beer. Sitting on the couch next to me, still in her sexy work attire, my wife would peel herself out of top and bra. Then she would bend over, undo my pants, and start sucking my cock. I'd set the rules. No foreplay -- I wanted her to go straight at it. No hands, of course. And she couldn't pleasure herself. It was all for me. She had to suck my cock even if she didn't want to, which I suspected was pretty much all the time. She had to suck my cock even if I wasn't in the mood, which was rare after watching her all day at work. Watching her suck my cock because she was my slave quickly fixed any lack of enthusiasm I felt. I would mess with her, of course. I'd set my cold beer down on her bare back to watch her jerk and squeal with her mouth full of cock. I'd shove her head down until she choked and, when she came up for air, shove her back down harder, watching her hands flail around as I forced her to deepthroat me. The final rule, of course, was that she had to swallow, but that was always the rule for blowjobs everywhere.
Sometimes I would dump my beer on my wife's head, because I could. The sudsy, smelly liquid would soak her blonde tresses and go down her neck, making her shiver. She knew to keep sucking. The first time her head had shot up and she'd been about to protest when I slapped her, then grabbed her head to pull it even harder to my crotch. She'd actually resisted me that time and I had to curl up to put my weight on her head. She finally got the picture and relented. Another time, I poured it between her shoulderblades so the cold liquid ran down her bare spine, under her dress, and into her asscrack. She shrieked from the cold, the noise muffled by her face between my thighs. As I came close to climax, I usually got rid of the can and grabbed her head with both hands, or grabbed handfuls of hair and thrust hard and fast into her mouth. My loving wife held still then, sucking, hands resting on my bare thighs, as I face fucked her hard. When I did come, I let out a long, low moan of satisfaction. And always I ended with, "Go clean yourself up," said with a sneer. Mary would stand up, unzip her skirt and pull it off to reveal her naked pussy, and her matted bush framed by garters. Her tits were magnificent and her nipples fully erect. Then she would turn, naked except for the lingerie and heels and go to the kitchen to make dinner, her huge ass bouncing as she walked on the heels.
Mary wasn't allowed sleeping clothes of course. No nightie, no nightgown, no pajamas. She had to be completely naked. She had trouble sleeping at first, though I let her have blankets most of the time. When I wanted to wake her up, I pulled those off to see her pale form curled up on the bed, tits lolling to the side, big ass rising above her waist and thighs. She got used to sleeping naked so I made her wear handcuffs. She complained about that too but I liked looking over and seeing her wrists cuffed together as she lay on her side. Then she wasn't allowed to wear clothing at home at all, except garters, stockings and heels. She had to walk around, ass bare, pussy visible, tits out. I would film her and she could say nothing about it. I teased that I had a website devoted to her naked form and she was appalled. She didn't know whether to believe it. I would often cuff her hands in front of her so she was handcuffed as she went about her business.
Sex was all about me first, and available at all times, of course. I could, whenever I want, push my wife into position and start fucking her. She had no say. She couldn't stop me because she wasn't in the mood or for any other reason. One example was on a Saturday after lunch. We'd both eaten and Mary, completely naked, was bent over cleaning the dining room table with a wet rag. I came up behind the blonde and gently grabbed her neck then pushed her down towards the table. Before she was my slave, she would have protested. I was obviously forcing her down. Now, though, she just lowered herself to the surface of the table, hands to either side of her shoulders. I pressed down until her tits were squooshed beneath her. She'd turned her head to the side and I pressed hard enough so that her cheek was also squooshed. Before me was her big round ass.
I often went naked now as well. I had only the beginning of a hard on but grabbing her this way, controlling her, made me fully erect. The thought that she couldn't resist or protest made my cock fully stiff, twitching I was so erect, pre-cum leaking from the tip. "You ready, slut?" I asked, trying to humiliate my wife.
"Yes, Master," she said meekly.
One of my favorite things was to bend my wife over like this and fuck her in the ass. I loved her asshole more than her pussy. It was just so nasty. And I liked to think she didn't get pleasure from it though she often acted like she did. It was my favorite illusion. I also liked to dry dog her asshole and I did that now, still holding her neck with one hand and guiding my cock into her asshole with the other. Mary squealed in pain. "Ow! Ow! Ow! It burns!" she cried. In actuality, there was plenty of lube on and in her asshole. After the first two times I did this to her, Mary made sure her ass was lubed up at all times, "touching it up" with each trip to the bathroom. Still, she did the scream because she knew I liked it. Fully balls deep in my protesting wife's asshole, I slapped one asscheek hard, leaving a red handprint. She screamed for real at that -- I did it hard. Then I started fucking my wife, hips going in and out. Not hard, just enjoying the feel of my cock going in and out of her asshole as it encircled my cock.
Mary reached down to get to her clit but I slapped her hand away. "I'll tell you when you can pleasure yourself," I growled. I didn't do this every time. Sometimes I let her work her clit while I fucked her. She didn't know when it would be, so she kept trying. I still was pressing Mary's face down into the table. She'd left her phone on the table while she cleaned -- it's not like she could carry it on her person -- so I picked it up and unlocked it. Of course, we had my face as one of the keys to her phone. I started the video and smiled at it, still fucking my wife's asshole, our butts, her bare tits, my hand on her neck, and her face all fully visible. "Say 'cheese,' honey."
"Cheeessse," Mary said, her words a little garbled from having her cheek squooshed. I clicked a still picture.
"Say, 'I love my husband,' honey,"
"I love my husband."
"Say, 'I love his huge cock in my ass,' honey."
She hesitated and I shot her a look. "I love my husband's huge cock in my ass."
"Say, 'I let my husband fuck my asshole anytime he wants,' honey." I'd kept my tone light this whole time.
"I let my husband fuck my asshole anytime I want."
"Say, 'I let my husband put anything he wants in my pussyandmy ass,' honey."
"I let my husband put anything he wants in my pussy and my ass."
"Say, 'I'm a big fucking slut who lets anybody fuck her.'" I started to get more nasty in my tone.
Mary's eyes shifted to me, her face still pressed to the table. She paused, then obeyed, "I'm a big fucking slut who lets anybody fuck her." I liked the hesitation; it seemed like my boner got harder and I definitely started pumping her harder. I realized that thinking about her fucking other men, watching her fuck my friend, really turned me on.
"And sucks their cocks."
"And sucks their cocks." I thought Mary was about to come to tears but realized she was squirming and moving because she was actually getting extremely turned on.
I pressed on. "And begs for more, like a little whore," I rhymed.
"And begs for more, like a little whore."
"I eat their cum and love it," I continued. I was picking up pace. I had to put the phone down so I could use both hands. I put it on the table by Mary's face angled so it was still filming her, then slapped her arm so she held it there, looking into the camera. I grabbed both hips and started fucking my wife's ass in earnest. My balls were hitting her cunt, which I knew she loved. The sound of hips hitting her big asscheeks filled the room, interrupted only by our call and return. "I eat..." I reminded my bent over wife. Her sphincter grabbed my cock like a vise.
Her face wasn't pressed into the table any longer, but Mary kept it flat there. "I eat their cum and love it!"
"I beg them to shoot it on my face and I lick it off."
"I beg them to shoot it on my face and I lick it off!"
"I've been a slut since I was a teenager and I've always gone all the way!" I barely grunted this one out.
"I've been a slut since I was a teenager and I've always gone all the way!"
Throwing my head back, I howled my orgasm. It took me several seconds to unload my balls fully into my wife's ass. Then I left and went into the kitchen. Mary knew better than to move and just stared into her phone, which was still videoing her face.
I came back with a cucumber and big summer sausage. "Get up on the table," I commanded. Mary started to do something with the phone. "Keep filming yourself," I said, and she turned around until she was sitting on the table, one hand behind her to hold herself up. "Legs up there, too," I said and my wife pulled her legs up so her feet were just barely in front of her ass, but wide apart, knees bent. I handed her the cucumber and Mary took it, lying back so she could hold it and keep the phone up, arm straight, pointed at her naked body, the whole thing in the frame, from her hairy pussy to her unkempt hair. "Shove it in your ass," I said. Mary looked confused then decided I meant the cucumber. She stuck the end to her asshole which I had just recently occupied. Then she started working it in, biting her lip, staring at her phone where she could see the picture.
It wasn't a small cucumber, easily two and a half inches in diameter at the widest and ten inches long. "Further," I kept saying and, "Deeper," Until there was about an inch outside her body. I shoved a long skewer through the cucumber so it wouldn't go further in. "Now this into your pussy," I said, proffering the big summer sausage. It wasn't as long as the cucumber but was thicker, easily three inches. Mary concentrated, trying to get the big piece of meat into her cunt but couldn't quite get it. I took the phone, still filming, and moved alongside my lying love so I could look at the screen and make certain she was still in it. Using two hands, her face pinched in concentration, Mary was finally able to get the summer sausage into her pussy, pushing it in until it bottomed out. "Now, fuck yourself," I said, meaning it both ways.
Mary started yelping as she started moving the sausage quickly in and out of her cunt, instantly working so hard that she was hammering her cervix. "That's right, fuck yourself with a sausage with a cucumber up your ass. You are such a fucking slut." Mary's pussy was gushing, her labia and clit swollen to the extreme. She was rubbing her wrist across her clit as she fucked herself with the meatstick. "I'm going to show this video to the whole world," I said, the potential humiliation setting her off even more. "Everybody will see it," and I started naming off names of friends past and present. She was squirming and howling as I did this, eyes shut tight, mouth wide open. Her whole body shivered as she came around the sausage, then she started bucking. Her orgasms lasted a full two minutes and I filmed the whole thing. When she was finally spent, my wife let go the sausage and fling her arms to the side, whole body slack.
The sausage started to ooze out of Mary's pussy but the cucumber I had to retrieve. I wiped the cucumber down because it was a little bit dirty, but not the sausage covered in Mary's pussy juices. "Sit down," I told my wife and pointed to a chair. I propped the phone up to video me chopping the cucumber into slices, then cutting the sausage the same. "Eat it," I commanded quietly. Mary looked at the proffered discs on the cutting board, brow obviously furrowed in disgust. I thought she might rebel but she reached out gingerly, took a cucumber and chewed it up. "Don't forget to swallow," I said and she gulped it down. "Now the meat." She did the same, the salty meat flavored with her pussy as much as its own flavor. I stood over my wife and watched her eat all the food, alternating between ass cucumber and pussy sausage. Her face and neck were bright red with humiliation. She stared down as she ate it, not looking at me at all, but glancing occasionally at the phone videoing her shame.
Single Male Swing Club
It was a Monday when I was pushing Mary's head down on my cock, it occurred to me that to truly own something was to be able to lend it out. In addition, watching her fuck Matt had turned me on, almost as much as her doing in our bed whatever I wanted. In fact, that had gotten kind of bland. I would make her do positions and things that I thought she wouldn't be into, but she just kind of went with it, and was very blah about it. I decided that I wanted to make my wife fuck other guys, the nastier the better, and get her to do things with them that she might not want to.
I did some research and found that Wednesdays at the local Swingers' club was Single Male night, meaning single men could pay an exorbitant amount of money to stand around and maybe have sex with some guy's wife or a threesome or something. I didn't tell Mary where we were going, I just had her dress sexy. Her wardrobe was horribly disappointing when it came to slutty clothing. The closest thing she had was a "little black dress," a minidress with no sleeves made of a textured black linen. The chest was bare enough to show a necklace but it didn't show any cleavage. Its saving grace was that it came down to mid-thigh. She had a couple of matching black pumps. They were a redeeming factor, matte like the dress, but with three inch spiked heels. Her makeup was way too demure. I had her redo it, much to her consternation. She didn't really have the supplies but she finally watched a YouTube video to learn how to do a "smoky eye" and that had to be good enough. I wore a sportcoat and slacks. We were silent on the way over to the club but I was so nervous and excited that my hands were sweaty and almost shaking, my heart a trip hammer in my chest.
We changed into white fluffy robes in the communal bathroom and headed out to the club. They had a bar so we stood there. With the heels Mary was my height. She had a cosmo and I had a scotch, neat. Her drink almost disappeared and then she ordered another. "What did you have in mind for tonight?" she said.
My heart was in my throat as I said, "I want you to fuck another guy."
Mary's face was expressionless as she just stared at me. Finally, she said, "What do you get out of it?"
"I get to watch you whore yourself out at my command," I admitted.
Mary finished the second cosmo. The bartender was ready for her third. "Anybody in particular?"
"A complete stranger," I said.
"And, what, you tell me what to do?"
"I do and he does, whoever he is. You do whatever he wants. But be sure to suck his cock." Mary grimaced. I smiled ferally but I don't think she noticed. I did have to admit that this was a fantasy and maybe I'd hate it. Well, there was one way to find out.
"Then, what, you get off from watching me fuck another guy?"
"I'll probably join in." I could tell from Mary's body language that that made her excited.
"What if I enjoy it?" she asked.
"Good for you."
Mary finished her drink and we went to the communal bathroom. They had fluffy white robes and we changed into them, slippers on our feet. Mary had the robe pulled tightly together. I guess she didn't want to be so exposed but that was against my plans, so I pulled it off her left shoulder. I pulled it low enough that her left tit was exposed as we went to the single males' area. Her shoulders slumped as she obviously gave into my mastery of her, her clothes, her body, her modesty. There were about a half dozen guys in the guys' corral wearing towels around their waists and nothing else. I let Mary pick her partner -- she chose the youngest, a man in his forties with brown hair and a pretty well-muscled, yet hairy, chest.
We took the guy to one of the beds and I had Mary disrobe, literally, revealing her tall, naked body, her nipples erect and her labia obviously swollen. I forbade the man from telling us name but Mary had to give him her name. She started kissing the man on his neck and chest while he fondled her bare ass and breasts. Mary worked her way down until she was kneeling and unhooked his towel to reveal his rapidly hardening cock. The man and I both watched as Mary started sucking the man's cock. "Feel free to grab her head or move it or whatever," I said, speaking about Mary as if she wasn't there. I had my robe open and legs open as I sat and rubbed my cock absentmindedly. I could feel the boil of jealousy in my stomach but my arousal at the scene was matching it, keeping me from ending the whole thing.
This guy was ginger as he held my wife's head and she sucked him. I found myself being disappointed. Suddenly, his head flew back and he finally exerted force, forcing his cock down my wife's throat as he came. She choked a bit, her body spasming, balancing on her knees as her arms flailed out. But she didn't resist as she swallowed the stranger's load. That finally got me hard.
After taking a minute to recover, Mary and the man made out lightly, sitting and kissing each other's bodies while they waited for him to get hard again. Then Mary put the condom on him, using her mouth, and got on all fours so he could fuck her from behind. He did, the fleshy sound of his thighs slapping her bare ass filling the little niche containing the bed we had found. I knelt before my wife as she got fucked by a stranger and, holding her head, put my cock to her lips. Her jaw was clenched shut -- I could feel it with my hand -- but then she relented and opened it to take my cock in her already used mouth. "Suck me, bitch!" Then, "Smack her ass!" I told the guy and he responded gingerly. "Pull her hair," I said, and he barely pulled it. But, soon, he was throwing his head back again as he came again. I held Mary's head deep on my cock but didn't come. I decided that his gentle attitude towards sex just wasn't too exciting. Mary looked at me after the man finished and left. I just said, "Let's get another."
"Another?" she chirped. A war took place on her face between dread and excitement.
"Yeah, that guy was lame."
I picked out the next guy. He was older than us, in his sixties, but in great shape. He was more active when my wife gave him head, pulling Mary's head back and forth as she sucked him. He didn't come in her mouth. Instead, when he felt it was time, he switched from mouth to fucking her from behind, pulling on his own condom in his haste. With my coaching, he slapped her ass better than his younger counterpart had, giving off a big "Smack!" He pulled her hair harder, almost pulling my wife off my cock as we spitroasted her. When he came, I came too, choking Mary on my cock. "Three's a charm," I told Mary after he left our bed. My true loved wiped some of my extra semen off her mouth with the back of her hand then sighed in resignation. We stopped by the bar and Mary downed a couple of shots. She didn't bother closing her robe, just leaving it open, the line of her naked body between the lapels. With the shots, my wife became even more sloppy, letting the robe rest like a shawl across her elbows, her pale shoulders as bare as her big round tits with their erect nipples.
There was only one guy left when we got back to the "corral." He was about our age with a big beer belly and very hairy. He stared wickedly at Mary as she approached, her robe now to the floor, her tits, belly, and bush visible standing out, her wide hips and narrow waist incredibly hot. I could feel her step back as she saw him look at her with his predatory gaze. I pushed her forward to introduce herself to him and invite him to our bed. He practically gobbled up Mary's naked form with his eyes as he shook her hand and introduced himself as "Dirk." As we went back to our bed, he had his hand planted firmly on her ass, naked now, his fingers dimpling the big round surface as he squeezed it.
This guy was very physical from the start, pulling Mary's head into a deep kiss as she tried to pull away -- she didn't want to kiss anybody -- gripping he ass so hard, almost as if he wanted to crush the spongy apple. Standing behind, I could see Dirk's middle finger just on the edge of Mary's browneye, pulling her rectum ever so slightly apart. The older man pulled my wife in, helpless to resist after I'd told her to give in to every man or face the consequences. Face in her chest, she started to suck his nipples. Then Dirk dropped his towel and pushed Mary firmly to her knees, so fast and hard that she actually squeaked a little. Mary looked at the big fat cock, red, the head bigger than the shaft, almost grotesquely so, precum falling in a strand to the mattress between her knees. From her body language, I could feel my wife's attention turn to me, wanting to protest. "Suck that cock!" I said, overriding her before she could even speak. Then Mary's shoulders slumped and she took the old man's gross cock into her mouth.
The fat dude was much more aggressive as he held Mary's head with both hands and smashed his pelvis into her face. He smiled evilly at me and I smiled back as he pulled my wife's head in, her nose hitting his pelvis, his balls audibly slapping her chin. Mary's arms went up, first in surprise then latched onto his thighs as though trying to push the guy away or at least reduce how hard he was hitting her with his fat abdomen. That just made Dirk more aggressive. After a few minutes, I was afraid he was going to give Mary a bloody nose with his pelvis so I made them stop and then commanded Mary put the condom on him with her mouth.
Dirk pushed my wife to the floor and manhandled her onto all fours. Mary hated being pushed around during sex, but she had no choice. She didn't say anything or even look up at me, just let Dirk have his way with her. Then the hairy man, sweaty now and stinking, was slamming hard into her asscheeks as they fucked doggy style, the sound of his thighs hitting her ass filling the large room. Mary's eyes were closed and her mouth was open as she got fucked. Every few seconds, he slapped my wife's ass so hard, the sound eclipsing that of his thighs beating on her ass. Each slap left a red handprint on Mary's big, pale ass. The fat guy pulled hard on Mary's hair so her head was bent back painfully and her mouth slack. Her eyes were closed and her brow furrowed as she was getting fucked. I was so busy watching this borderline abuse of my wife that I didn't bother putting my cock in her mouth. "I'm gonna put it in her ass," the fat man grunted.
Mary's eyes started to protest, maybe thinking of that big, malformed cock, but, "Go ahead," I replied and she seemed to surrender once again to her fate. The hairy man pulled his cock out of my wife's pussy, then winked at me and pulled off the condom as he switched to my wife's asshole. I didn't say anything - after all, I wanted to punish my wife -- and Mary didn't seem to notice that Dirk was now rawdogging her. Then he was slamming her ass just as hard as he had her cunt. I could see his bare cock sliding in and out of Mary's asshole. Lucky for her, she was lubed up enough that it moved smoothly, though I could see her rectum pucker out as he pulled out and sink in as he pushed in.
Dirk still had a death hold on my wife's short blonde hair, his biceps swollen as he pulled her head like he was pulling the reins on a galloping horse. With her neck pulled so far back, it was all Mary could do to reach down with one hand and start rubbing her clit. The man was grunting and smiling evilly at the back of my true love's head as he slapped her ass painfully, pulled her hair painfully, and fucked her ass violently. I hoped it was painful as well. The whole thing had me hot, made me feel like Satan watching beauty mauled by an evil demon. For her part, Mary started mewling and tensing her muscles as she had one, long orgasm -- it seemed almost endless, just increasing in intensity with each painful slap on her ass. Mary's neck muscles were obviously tired and I could see them alternately relax from fatigue then tighten as Dirk hurt her neck.
"I wanna come in her mouth," the old, fat man growled, then didn't wait but just pulled out and pulled Mary's head by her hair to his crotch. Mary didn't say anything -- maybe she didn't notice the lack of condom -- as he shoved his unsheathed cock into her mouth and down her throat. "I love ass to mouth," he said to me, almost calmly, "don't you?" I just smiled evilly -- I'd always wanted to do ass to mouth on my wife. Mary had protested in the past, forbidding me from doing the nasty, sexy deed, but she couldn't protest anything now with the way I was forcing her to do my bidding. While it would have been awesome to do ass to mouth to my wife, it was even hotter to see a stranger do it to her as she was helpless to resist. After facefucking Mary a couple more times, making her deepthroat his nasty cock with its nasty juices, the old man finally came. Mary choked and spluttered from Dirk's oversized head raking the back of her throat, as he pulled violently out, past her teeth, to come on Mary's face, covering it with gray-white spunk, which matched his hair in color, if a bit more shiny.
Finished, the callous lover didn't even bother looking at Mary as he waved goodbye to me, grabbing his towel and walking away. Mary just sat on her heels, eyes downcast, breathing heavy, sweat drying on her skin, cum dripping from her face down her chin and, in large globs, onto the swing club mattress. She seemed to be contemplating, perhaps about how awesome the sex was when I made her fuck other men. She'd certainly orgasmed more intensely than I'd seen her do in years.
"Don't wipe it off your face," I said, as she sat up on her knees looking at me, ashamed and forlorn. I got close to my wife and grabbed a fistful of hair and pushed her head down. She didn't protest, like she would have done before she became my slave, just let me push her head down to the mattress. "Get on your knees. Stick your ass up," and she got that big huge ass up in the air, knees spread apart. Kneeling behind her, I had one hand resting on her ass and three fingers from the other pushing into her snatch. Her pussy was soaked. "You're wetter than I've ever felt you," I said as I started pushing my fingers in and out. She just mewled. "You liked, didn't you, slut." I pushed in the fourth finger, my knuckles banging against the entrance to her pussy. She didn't respond. "Say you liked it."
"I liked it," my wife said breathlessly about being used like a piece of meat for three strange guys to fuck.
I tucked my thumb into my palm and pushed my knuckles into my wife's soaking pussy. "Eeee!" she said, adjusting her hips to fit me as I curled my fingers into a fist inside her. I was so turned on by seeing my wrist sticking out of her snatch. Mary's pussy was so hot from the inside, almost unbelievably so.
"You love being my slut slave," I said as I pumped my fist. I couldn't slide it in and out of her, but I could pummel her cervix and make her whole body move.
"I love being your slut slave," she said, eyes closed, cum drying on her face. One hand went to work her clit, the other to pinch and twist her nipple.
I'd fisted Mary before but she was so wet and pliant I started to do more and pushed the index finger of my free hand into her cunt with my fist. Then I jammed my face into Mary's crack and started licking her asshole and shoving my tongue into it. She crooned again and I worked a second finger in to join the first in helping my fist. I started wedging my hands open as I pushed in the third finger, stretching that pussy even more. "Ooooh, yes, stretch my slutty cunt," and then she seemed to stumble on my name.
"Call me Master," I said, taking my face out of her ass.
"Stretch my slutty cunt, Master." I had the fourth finger in but I wasn't going to be able to fit a second fist. Still I stretched her open as much as I could while continuing to ram my fist back and forth inside her. "Ooooohhhh," Mary came and I felt her pussy squeeze my hands. It contracted all around them and was so strong I felt like it would crush my hands and break my bones.
I carefully pulled out of Mary's cunt. She just lay there, spent, head down, ass up, pussy gaping. "Get up, cunt," I said, not ungently. "Grab your clothes. No, don't get dressed." I decided to break club rules, which required patrons to be fully dressed as they left. Instead, I made her just wear her robe. My wife pulled the white fluffy garment tightly together to cover her naked body. I had no words, I was so turned on. They let us leave, even made certain we were on the mailing list and told us how much they'd like us to come back. I knew why. If it got out that there was a MILF willing to fuck three single guys on a Wednesday, there'd definitely be more single guys paying bank.
We got in the care and drove away. "Did you like it?" Mary asked, smiling yet scared, her face creasing the hard shell of dried cum forming on it.
"Oh, you don't even know," I said, gushing. Once home, I grabbed Mary and pulled her naked form over onto my lap. I spanked for "being such a slut." I was at it a long time.