This is a direct follow-on to part 27.
----
"What the FUCK do you think you're doing?"
Rachel let go of my dick, and looked around me. I turned and there was a slightly older librarian standing behind me. Luckily she looked more amused than angry.
Rachel zipped the hoodie as she stood up, and I put my dick away. We turned to the librarian.
"Do you go to school here?"
"I do," said Rachel.
"You, come with me," the librarian said to her. "You can wait outside," she said to me.
Rachel gave me her bag, and I left the library, and went and waited by her car.
After about thirty minutes, she came out of the building. She wasn't wearing her mask any more.
"Are you OK?" I asked.
"Oh yes," she said, taking her wig off. "Let's get out of here."
We got into the car and went back to my place. She didn't talk on the way, so I didn't press her. When we got inside, she opened her bag and took the hoodie off. She pulled out a ziplock bag, and took her panties off, putting them in the bag and sealing it. She pulled out a new pair and put them on, then sat down. I noticed that she'd taken out the vibrator, and she took it out of a pocket on the hoodie and put it in her bag.
"OK," she said, "she just wanted to make sure I was OK. I told her it was my idea! She asked me what we were thinking, and I said I'd been camming, and wanted to get you off after that. She said she's caught several girls camming in the library, and asked me why I was doing it - I told her it was fun, and it pays well. She told me to take the hood off, and I thought she meant take the hoodie off, so I unzipped it, and she was all 'no, no, just the hood. And the mask,' so I stood there with the hoodie unzipped, and took off my mask, but I left the wig on. So I'm standing there with the hoodie open, and she was all 'did you come here dressed like that?' and I said no, I'd undressed on the cam, and she thought that was like wow, undressing in her library."
By now, she had her hand on my leg, and was moving it higher.
"Then she saw the wire for the vibe, and she asked about it, and I said it was a vibrator, and she asked me to turn it on, and I said I couldn't, because it's remote controlled from the web, and she thought that was hot. She said she'd never seen anything like that, so I pulled my panties down at the front and took it out. It was all covered in goo, so I sucked it clean and went to hand it to her, but she didn't want to touch it - she seemed a little shocked at how comfortable I am showing off my body. She said I was pretty, and seemed smart enough that I didn't need to do this, and I said I liked it. She asked if you're my boyfriend, and I said no, and she asked if you're the only one I do 'this stuff' with, and I said no, I'd had sex with strangers, men and women."
She undid my buttons, and put her hand inside, grasping my dick. She was gently stroking it.
"She said she wished she'd seen me cum from the vibrator, and would I show her what that looked like, so I started playing with my nipples for a while, then I started rubbing my pussy and clit. I got tired of the sleeves getting in the way, so I took the hoodie off, and carried on rubbing, even though it was still sensitive from cumming before. Then she asked if it wasn't working for me, and I said no, not really, I was a little sensitive. And then, get this, she said she had a fantasy, and would I help her with it?"
She rubbed her thumb over the head of my dick.
"Do you want me to take care of that first?" she asked.
"No," I said, "carry on with the story. This sounds hot."
"As you wish. So, she said she's always been a little bossy, and has always wanted a girlfriend who'll do what she's told, and would I help her out with that, so she doesn't have to report this to anybody. Well, I thought, she's cute enough, and it could be nice, I guess. Just this once. So I said sure, what did she want. She said she'd always wanted somebody to eat her out under her desk. I was like I can do that, so I started to crawl under there, and she stops me and says 'naked,' so I take off my panties, but she means even my shoes. So I take off my shoes and socks, and crawl under her desk, and I'm sitting there, waiting for her, and she's collecting all my stuff, and she puts it in a drawer, which I thought was odd at the time, but whatever, this is her show.
"She pulls her skirt up, and her panties down, and sits down, then slides her chair in, so I'm trapped under there. I got her to slide forward, and move her legs apart as far as she can, under the desk. And I start going down on her, right? I can hear her clattering around on the desk, and she says 'can you get me a coffee?' and I'm thinking what? And then I hear the door open, and I'm trying to be quiet.
"By now, she's got my head gripped between her thighs, and I'm doing everything I can to get her off, but she's talking, talking! to somebody else. I couldn't really hear, what with the thighs, and me concentrating on what I'm doing, but after a while, it gets quieter and then the door closes. And she relaxes, so I can really get to work, and she cums. Long and hard. Juices all over my face.
"She slides the chair back, and I'm crawling out from under her desk, and as I'm kneeling to get up, she grabs me and kisses me, then licks my face, all over. She says she loves tasting her on me, and just keeps going until all it's all gone. Then she kisses me again, hard, and thanks me. She's like so happy, and that makes me happy, but I'm standing there, naked. And then she's all 'oh, your clothes,' and she gets them out of the drawer and gives them to me.
"She watched me get dressed, well, as much as I could, then asked if I'd like to go on a date with her. I was like OK, and now I have a date for Friday night, it seems."
"Um, cool, I guess," I said, "what's her name?"
"I don't know!"
Rachel looked down at my dick, she was still stroking it, and her hand was starting to get coated in pre-cum.
"Let me fix this," she said, licking her hand clean before going down on me.
After the evening I'd just watched, and the story I'd just heard, it didn't take me long to cum.
Rachel got up and got her clothes out of her bag, and started dressing. I pulled my underwear and jeans up, and fastened the buttons again. I noticed she put my hoodie back on.
"This is going to be fun," she said. "What should I wear?"
"Where are you going?"
"I don't know!"
She put her remaining junk back in her bag, and I walked her to the door, where she kissed me, hard.
"You don't need to bother walking me down," she said. "I'll see you at the weekend and tell you how it went."