Author's Note:
"Mandy's Sexcapade"is an anthology that's a nonlinear addendum to the"Sharing My Wife Amanda"series. However,"The Boss' Pet",like the other stories in this anthology, can be read as a standalone.
Special thanks toGoddess_of_Sunshine, for being a Volunteer Editor and an even better friend.
This story is d dedicated to Glenn, my wife's boss in real life.
Thank you for taking care of Mandy.
******************************************************************************
"Relax, Glenn. Take a deep breath."
The older man's nervousness was palpable through the multiple video feeds.
"I know, Sy," my wife's boss replied. "I know. I've been wanting...dreaming... about this moment for so long... yet now that it's almost here..." Glenn looked at me through one of the many video cameras that we--- and my wife Amanda--- had set up in his workplace office. "I can't believe this is actually happening. Never in my wildest fantasies did I ever think... did I ever think that you and Amanda would... would..."
He couldn't see my amusement through the 1-way cameras. "We don't have to do this if you're not comfortable." I was teasing him, of course, and the cruelty was enhancingmyexcitement of what was about to happen.
"No, no," Glenn replied hastily. "It's just that..." He paused, and his expression was very earnest. "I just can't believe that you and Amanda would consent to this. I don't want her to have any regrets, and I especially don't want her resenting me later."
I sympathized with his misgivings, but appreciated that he was sincerely looking out for my wife. "This evening wouldn't be possible if Mandy didn't allow it."
The older man nodded, but didn't appear thoroughly convinced.
"Glenn, we both know that neither of us can do anything without my wife's consent!"
The fact thathewas Amanda's boss wasn't lost upon him, but Glenn laughed so hard that he threw his head back and slapped his knee. "You're right about that, son!" he guffawed. But Glenn became serious again and repeated the nickname that I alone used for my wife.
"'Mandy'." His tone was wistful and reverential. "I've never called her that."
I didn't respond; instead, I thought about everything that had brought the three of us to the precipice of a life-altering moment.
******************************************************************************
Amanda was barely old enough to legally drink when I first met her, and we married not long after that. I was currently in my early 40's, but Amanda herself had just turned 30 and could still pass for a high school coed. Some people might consider us a mismatched pair, but no couple in the world was as madly in love as we were.
Amanda was stunningly beautiful, even if she was too modest to acknowledge the obvious. Standing at 5'6, she possessed silky straight black silk hair that ran to her hips and constantly smelled like freshly cut flowers. Yoga, regular workouts at the gym, and running 15+ miles every week may have bestowed onto my wife an athletic physique, including a V-shaped upper torso, toned limbs, and a chiseled 6-pack, but it didn't detract from her feminine curves whatsoever. Any man---and many women--- within eyesight couldn't helped but be mesmerized by her perfect 34C breasts and incredible, sculpted ass. Her brown, slightly almond-shaped eyes gave Amanda a decidedly exotic countenance, and always seemed to be twinkling with some sort of naughtiness or inside joke that only she was aware of. Still, I considered Amanda's adorable freckles her sexiest physical trait.
However, my wife's unmatched physical beauty paled in comparison to her intelligence, wit, and compassion.
Amanda's humility was endearing. She could hold an intellectual conversation about science, politics, and religion just as easily as she could discuss sports, music, and pop culture. Whenever Amanda met people for the first time, it was more than likely that, after 5 minutes, she'd be laughing with them as if they were lifelong friends.
To know my wife was to love her.
Amanda wasn't just the perfect woman; she was the perfecthuman being.
My wife began working for Glenn immediately upon finishing postgraduate school. And in a work setting and profession that was thoroughly populated with brilliant minds, Amanda easily shone the brightest. She never felt the need to prove herself because she simplycould.Even the occasional sexual harassment from male colleagues couldn't cause Amanda's passion for her career to waver.
Glenn was near his mid-50's when he first encountered my wife. Handsome and cordial, he was thin but wiry with graying hair, bright blue eyes, and a quiet voice. Glenn was astute enough to immediately sense what I, as Amanda's husband, had always seen in her. She was gifted and responsible, humble but driven, and always professional. And with the older man's mentorship, Amanda quickly excelled.
Amanda may have swiftly climbed the corporate ladder through her own merit and hard work, but rumors of an affair between her and her boss predictably circulated at their workplace. It presumably started when Glenn created a new position for Amanda not long after hiring her, a unique job class that had no precedence. Though there were initially many administrative levels between the two, my wife was suddenly reporting directly to Glenn, who was near the top of the food chain.
The fact that the duo often went out to lunch together didn't do anything to squash the whispers of an illicit office romance. Amanda was constantly singing praises about her boss, and if they weren't going out on lunch breaks together, it was because she had more than likely packed him a meal for the day! The cynics couldn't believe that they could work so closely without something inappropriate transpiring. After all, how could such a beautiful woman advance in her career without sleeping with the man in charge of her? But I knew better.
My wife was as faithful to me as I was to her.
Which wasn't to say that Amanda and Glenn didn't desire each other.
Amanda and Glenn had undeniably forged a unique relationship over the years. He was her boss who was old enough to be her father, which made him into an authoritative father-figure. However, the man had never been married nor did he have any children, and I suspected that was part of the reason why he was so protective, even paternal, to Amanda.
But any man who glimpsed my wife immediately wanted her, and any man who had the fortune of getting to know her couldn't help but fall in love with her.
And Glenn had worked closely with Amanda for many years.
Glenn, like Amanda, was intelligent, down-to-earth, and possessed a wry sense of humor; and like my wife, he kept himself in great physical shape.
Even I had to admit that they made a great couple.
And I was rather sardonically aware of Amanda's fetish for older men.
Iknewthat Glenn harbored romantic feelings for my wife. And now that he had announced his retirement from their company, I finally questioned Amanda's feelings for him, something that had been the proverbial elephant in the room for the past 5 years. To her credit, she did not lie or attempt to hide the fact that she reciprocated his feelings.
My wife's admission did not make me jealous; it was quite the contrary.
It made me harder than a rock!
And now that Glenn was retiring, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity presented itself.
An opportunity that I enthusiastically encouraged to all members involved.
******************************************************************************
"Do you love your wife?"
Glenn's blunt question snapped me out of my reverie.
"You know I love Mandy more than life itself."
"Then why would you allow her to be with me?"
"Because Mandy cares about you."
The older man froze. He heard me, but didn't--- couldn't--- believe me. "What?"
"Mandy cares about you," I repeated quietly. "She loves you in her own way. Always has, and always will. I've known, of course, but she obviously couldn't do anything about it... until now."
My wife's boss couldn't believe that my admission. But he was so joyous that he appeared on the verge of tears. "And you're actually ok with this?"
"I trust Amanda and love her so much that I'll do anything for her. Even if that means letting her sleep with someone else." I nodded as comprehension dawned on Glenn. "Now you finally understand."
"Strangely, Sy, I do. I understand because I'm in love with your wife, too."
"I know. And so does Amanda."
"I suppose if our roles were reversed, I would let that wonderful young woman do anything, too, as long as she was safe and happy."
"Youdounderstand, Glenn."
He suddenly chuckled. "I have to admit that I'm getting the most out of this arrangement, by far! And, hopefully, Amanda will... uh, return home to you happy. But I don't see how you'll benefit other than... well, a happy wife is a happy life, I suppose."
"Oh, don't worry," I assured. "This is going to be mutually beneficial for all three of us."
"How do you figure?"
My grin was blinding.
"Because, Glenn, I get to watch my hot wife in action."
******************************************************************************
2 oversized computer monitors displayed 12 real-time video feeds in ultrahigh definition, 6 in each screen, as I regarded them intently from the comfort of my own living room. Under my direction and, of course, with Amanda's consent, Glenn had set up a dozen video cameras in his office: 2 spaced accordingly on each wall, 1 directly above his solid-oak work desk, 2 on both ends of his work desk, and 1 pointing at the outside of his office door so that we wouldn't suffer any unexpected--- and embarrassing--- surprises. Amanda's boss had begun clearing out his office days ago. Save for his desk and chair, the only other piece of furniture in the room was an expensive-looking leather couch. There was very little clutter which provided me clear unobstructed views of the entire room.
My heart began to beat faster as Amanda suddenly appeared outside of Glenn's office. She was wearing a tight white blouse over a black bra that was blatantly visible underneath. A grey miniskirt hugged her hips and reached not even halfway down to her knees. The outfit was extremely formfitting on my wife's fit body, hugging her feminine curves in the most flattering way possible.
Shiny thigh-high stiletto boots reached almost to the bottom of Amanda's miniskirt, exposing a small but tantalizing bit of flesh in between. My wife also had her long black silky hair wound into a chic bun atop her head, which highlighted her sleek neck, and toned arms and shoulders. Finally, to complete the outfit, a pair of black-rimmed glasses sat on her nose, giving Amanda a very studious, almost nerdy, appearance, albeit in a VERY sexy way.
Amanda somehow appeared even more beautiful each time I gazed upon her.
Amanda looked up, waved, and grinned nervously at the camera. Her physical features, including her radiant smile, were vivid even through the video feed. It was almost as if she was actually here with me.
"I love you 1.5 million," I whispered. It was something silly that I often told my wife to make her laugh, and I was suddenly missing my better half as if she was light years away.
I watched as Amanda turned away from the camera, set her shoulders resolutely after taking a deep breath, and raised her hand to knock on her boss' door.
I suddenly lurched forward as THE moment had finally arrived.
"Glenn," I barked urgently. "Get ready! Mandy's right outside your door!"
The man swore nervously. Despite the fact that his ultimate fantasy was about to come true, he was apprehensive, and rightfully so. But the potential reward was worth it.
I heard--- and watched--- Amanda knock on the door.
"What should I do?" Glenn asked desperately.
"Relax, man. Tell her to come in."
Glenn looked at me through one of the cameras on his desk, nodded, and called out in a level tone, "Come in."
My wife sauntered into his office like a heavenly creature, and it was as if life and color had exploded onto both computer screens.
Glenn's eyes widened at her form-fitting attire, and I beamed with pride as my cock stiffened instantly.
Amanda appeared amused as she took a quick account of all the cameras that were pointing at her from every angle before greeting cheerfully, "Good evening, Mr. Talbot."
"Good evening, Aman--- er, Mrs. Rappaport."
In all the years that they had known each other, the pair had never addressed each other so formally.
"Tell her that her tits look fantastic in that tight blouse."
The man immediately turned his head, unsure if he had heard me correctly through his earpiece, and responded in disbelief, "What?"
I could see my wife regarding him with a patient smile.
I repeated slowly, "Tell her that her tits look fantastic in that tight blouse."
Glenn looked unsure of himself; he started to sweat.
"Yes, Mr. Talbot?" Amanda prodded innocently.
"Your, uh... t-tits look fantastic... in that tight blouse."
Amanda's boss had paid her thousands of polite and innocent compliments about her appearance over the years, of course, but never in such vulgar terms. She was aware where the words were coming from... or, more precisely,who, they were coming from.
"Thank you, sir. That's very kind of you to notice."
"Tell Mandy that her ass looks incredible in that miniskirt, too."
Glenn obeyed, and my wife mutely inclined her head in appreciation.
"Tell her to turn around so you can take a good look at her."
There was a long silence as the pair stared at each other. And in the silence, my heart pounded like thunder. I was about to cajole the older man when he suddenly spoke, "Turn around, Mrs. Rappaport, so I can take a closer look at you."
It wasn't lost on me that Glenn was no longer repeating me verbatim.
Amanda did a slow turn as we ogled her in awe, captivated by the way the fabric stretched even more tautly over her lush body.
I had no doubt that Glenn was as hard as I was.
"What do you think of my wife, Glenn?"
"My god, you're beautiful." He blurted the words to Amanda with a fervor that exposed his true feelings.
Amanda blushed deeply. "Mr. Talbot," she admonished girlishly. "You know thatMr.Rappaport wouldn't be happy to hear you say that."
I laughed because she knew that wasn't true.
"Ask Mandy how she expects you to be able to concentrate when she looks likethat."
"Mrs. Rapport, how do you expect me to be able to concentrate on my work when you're dressed so provocatively? Do you have any inkling of the effect your appearance has on our working relationship?"
Good.
My wife pretended to be taken aback, and I loved it. "I'm sorry, sir. I didn't mean to---"
"Tell her take her clothes off," I cut in. "I want to see Mandy naked as badly as you do. Do it, Glenn. Tell her to strip!"
I was impatient and wanted things to move fast, and the older man looked away once more to make certain that he hadn't misheard me. And when he turned back to my wife, his helpless expression openly begged for her guidance. Amanda couldn't hear what I was telling her boss to do.
But she smiled gently and nodded, anyway.
"Mrs. Rappaport, I told you... your clothes are a distraction. Take them off. Right now." He leaned forward for emphasis and, in his most authoritative voice that hinted at a rapidly increasing confidence, commanded, "Strip."
"Yes, sir," Amanda acquiesced meekly. I could detect the faint outline of a smile through all the cameras.
She was enjoying the game as much as we were.
Amanda removed her clothing in a very slow and deliberate way. First, she unzipped her thigh-high stiletto boots, and gracefully removed them as she stood before her boss' table. Next, my wife carefully undid each button of her blouse from top to bottom before doing the same to her miniskirt and letting it fall to the carpet.
When the miniskirt was at her ankles, my eyes and Glenn's immediately zeroed in on the panties that Amanda was wearing. They were black and silky, and cut in a "boyshort" style that hugged her hips and muscular thighs perfectly. And when my wife let her white blouse slide from her arms, we discovered a matching strapless bra that enveloped her breasts like a band. The set possessed an athletic quality that matched Amanda's toned physique.
There was nothing about my wife that wasn't perfect.
Glenn muttered, "Dear lord..."
"The Lord isn't here right now, Mr. Talbot. It's just you and me." Amanda looked into the closest camera and winked at me.
"So I've noticed, Mrs. Rappaport. But I told you to strip, and you haven't finished yet. The underwear, too."
"Tell her you want to see pink, Glenn." It was vulgar, and I immediately wondered if it was beyond his limits
But the older man didn't hesitate, much to my satisfaction. "Show me some pink, Mrs. Rappaport."
Glenn licked his lips as Amanda, my wife... his subordinate... the object of his desire and focus of every wet dream for the past several years, was finally revealed to him.
Completely nude.
His expression was suddenly intent, and the vestiges of any misgivings quickly disappeared. He made a twirling motion with an index finger, gesturing for Amanda to turn another circle again. And as she obeyed, I noticed that one of Glenn's hands had drifted beneath the table to touch himself.
Just like I was doing.
"Mmm... you are so exquisite, Mrs. Rappaport. A gift to all men."
"Thank you, Mr. Talbot."
"The question, young lady is what do I do with you? Because not only do you come to work dressed to distract and subvert my attention, but your performance has been sorely lacking, too."
I nodded appreciatively because I LOVED where this was leading.
"I'm afraid, Mrs. Rappaport, that I'm going to have to let you go. Pack your things and get out."
"Please, Mr. Talbot. I'll do anything to keep my job.Anything."
I had never seen my proud and confident wife grovel, and I was rather turned on.
Glenn pursed his lips and made a show of thinking things over. "Perhaps there might be a way for you to make amends," he mused. The older man pondered for a while, then looked helplessly at one of the cameras on his desk.
What should I do now, Sy?
He couldn't see my evil grin. "Tell Mandy, 'Blowjob or no job.'"
Glenn had finally attained his comfort zone, but his eyes still widened.
"Don't you want to discover, firsthand, how great your favorite employee is at giving blowjobs? Tell her. You won't regret it and will be thanking me for the rest of your life."
That was apparently all the encouragement Glenn needed. "Unfortunately for you, Mrs. Rappaport... it's blowjob or no job."
"Oh my... that sounds like something Mr. Rappaport would say."
I laughed. "Now stand up, Glenn, and go to her."
The man sprung to his feet and circled to the front of his desk. I was about to command him to usher my wife to her knees when he turned his head to speak directly to me. "Before you say anything else, Sy, there's something I need to do first. I hope you'll understand and forgive me someday."
I knew that Glenn would die first before harming Amanda, so his words had me more curious than confused or afraid.
But then it all made sense when he pulled my wife close and kissed her.
If she was stunned or caught off guard, Amanda didn't show it as she wrapped her arms around Glenn' neck and smothered his lips with hers.
My eyes darted to each video feed, searching for the one with the best view, as I excitedly watched my hot wife make out with her much older boss.
The pair moaned and murmured, and their hands touched each other all over. Their tongues explored each other's mouths, dancing and wrestling, as they clung to each other tightly. Amanda even wrapped 1 long leg around her lover as if afraid that he might attempt to flee her embrace.
My eyes were glued.
How could any man get so excited watching his wife make out with another man?
I knew I should be jealous and horrified, but that was NOT the case. I was so aroused as I observed because my fetish for being a voyeur husband had been brewing for quite some time. But that wasn't all.
Clearly, Amanda was enjoying being an exhibitionist wife, too!
I pushed my pants and underwear to the floor, settled back on the couch, and languidly stroked myself as I watched the scene slowly unfolding.
"Good god, Amanda. You tastesodivine." The man spoke quietly, but as himself and not as someone who was roleplaying.
My wife giggled girlishly. "Thank you, Glenn. You're always so sweet to me." But then she lifted her head and straightened her back, and her confident posture informed Glenn and I that we didn't possess as much control as we thought.
But we already knew that.
Amanda groped the man between the legs, causing him to jump. "But it'smyturn to tasteyou."
He stuttered unintelligibly.
"C'mon, Glenn," I teased. "You're not going to turn down a blowjob from my wife, are you?" When the man was still too excited to respond, I suggested mildly, "Tell her to take off your pants, and go from there."
"Take off my pants, Mrs. Rappaport, and pull out my dick."
Amanda expertly did so without looking as she maintained his lustful eye contact. But when she felt his size and hardness in her hand, she looked down and murmured appreciatively. Glenn's penis was MUCH bigger than my wife was expecting, and even I had to admit that it was impressive. His erection quivered as purplish veins threatened to burst from its surface. The rigid skin was clean and smooth, just the way Amanda liked it.
Without being prompted, she stroked the cock affectionately.
"Fuck," Glenn moaned.
My wife had never heard him swear, and snickered. "Do you like that, Mr. Talbot?"
"Ilovethat Mrs. Rappaport."
"Me, too."
Me, three!
"But it's time now, young lady." He placed his hand on top of her head and patted it somewhat condescendingly as he might pet a dog. "On your knees where you belong."
"Nice, Glenn," I muttered approvingly.
My wife dropped to her knees without comment.
Glenn trembled, threw his head back, and moaned as Amanda took him into her mouth.
My monitors captured the lovers from various angles, but I focused on 2 particular video feeds: from the camera directly above Glenn's desk where I could observe my wife's head rhythmically bobbing on the length of his shaft, and from another camera to Amanda's left where I could clearly see a profile view the man's erection disappearing down her throat, only for it to reappear and disappear over and over again.
"Good girl," I breathed.
"Good girl," Glenn intoned.
A long strand of hair suddenly fell over Amanda's face, impeding my view. Glenn immediately reached down to tuck it behind her ear in a gesture that was gentle and affectionate. Amanda, however, simply wanted him to enjoy what she was doing, so she planted a hand on Glenn's chest, and pushed him back with surprising strength so that he was leaning against his desk with his arms extended behind him.
Amanda suddenly lurched forward to deepthroat her lover, and sucked hard.
Glenn cried to the heavens.
Fortunately, the three of us had planned their secret rendezvous on a late Saturday night when the office building would be deserted to avoid discovery!
Amanda, spurred by the knowledge that I was watching, performed oral sex enthusiastically, almost violently.
Her head was a blur on Glenn's shaft.
She sucked and slurped loudly, letting copious amounts of saliva ooze from her mouth to drip from and chin and onto her breasts, making them glisten.
She throated herself on her lover, taking him deeper each time, sometimes gagging and sputtering in the process; but each time, Amanda recovered like a pro.
I masturbated as I watched in delight. My hot wife was sexier and more daring than any porn star... and Amanda and I regularly streamed plenty of porn together. I was so enthralled that I couldn't tear my eyes from the sight of Glenn's considerable shaft disappearing so easily and completely down Amanda's throat, causing an obscene bulge in her neck.
I wanted Glenn to be aggressive and physical. I wanted to watch him to palm Amanda's head between his huge hands and fuck her throat like a pussy. I wanted the older man to ravage my wife, who was young enough to be her daughter, and make her call him "Daddy".
But the lewd words of encouragement died on my lips. Amanda and I may have enjoyed rough sex as husband and wife, but I knew that wasn't Glenn. He would never humiliate her, not for his own benefit or mine.
But perhaps he would for Amanda's...
"Squeeze her tits while she sucks your cock, Glenn. Mandy likes it when you play rough with them."
He grunted an affirmation. Amanda didn't cease pleasuring her boss nor did her movements even slow as he began groping her slick breasts.
I asked casually, "They feel perfect, don't they?"
"My god, yes."
"Do my wife's tits feel as good as her mouth on your cock?"
The man's unintelligible response was a loud moan.
"May I do something?" Glenn suddenly managed between gasps.
Amanda and I weren't sure whom he was addressing, so she paused, still on her knees and with the man's erection lodged in her throat. She was listening carefully, waiting for him to elaborate.
"Go on," I urged.
Glenn began returning to his chair, backing up as he did so while gently pulling my wife with him. The process appeared awkward since he was still in her mouth and Amanda was moving forward on her knees. But once Glenn sat down, he smiled exuberantly and sighed. "So good, Baby Girl... so good..."
I was stunned when Amanda popped her boss out of her mouth, and even more surprised when she replied, "I love it when you called me 'Baby Girl', Mr. Talbot. It makes me feel so special."
Glenn has a pet name for Mandy, too? How did I not know this?!?!
I was instantly jealous...
... and immensely aroused.
"I have to make a confession, Baby Girl. I have frequently dreamt about you, naked in my office, and giving me head in the very position that you're in now. And in that fantasy, someone comes in and starts talking to me... asking for project approvals and signatures on reports... without realizing that you're down there. Part of me wants them to discover you... my Baby Girl hiding under my desk as she sucks my cock... but you're so good on your knees that no one ever sees or hears you."
My cockhead was oozing like a volcano as I listened to Glenn casually reveal to my wife his twisted sexual fantasies about her. "And now, there she is."
"And now... here you," the man echoed as he weaved his fingers through Amanda's hair.
Amanda had changed her methods, decreasing her speed to blow to her boss slowly and sensually, impaling her head inch by inch at a snail's pace so that the inner walls of her neck glided smoothly against his rigid shaft.
"It's like Mandy's throat was made for your dick," I murmured.
"Good lord, Sy," Glenn protested weakly. "Don't say that. This wonderful woman is meant for you and you alone, just as you are meant for her and her alone." He surprisingly withdrew from Amanda's mouth and kissed her sweetly on the forehead. "You've done enough, Baby Girl. It's time for me to return the favor."
The man ushered her to her feet.
There were all sorts of items on Glenn's desk, including pens, a stapler, and a paperweight, among other things, along with the 2 video cameras. The man dutifully took the cameras and placed them on a nearby shelf so that I would still have an unobstructed view.
Then he abruptly swept everything else off his desk with a ferocity that surprised us.
When the surface was clear, Glenn gently lay my wife down. "Are you ok with this?" he asked gravely.
Amanda nodded with wide doe-eyes.
Then her boss bent down and began licking her pussy.
"Oh, Glenn..."
Neither could see me nodding appreciatively. "Thank you, Glenn." I was grateful that he was tending to her needs, and not simply content with receiving blowjobs or fucking her. "Treat Mandy well."
"Of course, Sy. I told you that I love her in my own way, remember? Now let me give your sexy wife the attention that she deserves."
Amanda looked down and smiled at the man, whose face was buried in her intimate region. "You're a bad boy, Mr. Talbot."
A muffled "Mmmhmmm" sounded back to her.
My wife took one final note of Glenn before closing her eyes, allowing him to continue working her over as she savored the cunnilingus. He dutifully lapped her slit, pausing every now and then to nuzzle between her legs and suck on her shaved clit, eliciting a whimper from Amanda each time. She was laser-focused on the touch of his lips and tongue. Her partner sensed this and quickened his pace with added zeal.
Not to be outdone, Amanda took more control over her own pleasure by slowly rotating her hips against Glenn's face and cupping the undersides of her breasts, kneading them as she rolled her erect nipples between thumb and forefingers.
Fuck, I love watching you touch yourself... I love watching another man touch and pleasure you... I love seeing you so happy... I love you 1.5 million.
I wanted more for my wife.
"Keep doing what you're doing, Glenn... but slip 2 fingers into Mandy's pussy." My wife whimpered and trembled as her lover carefully penetrated her with 2 digits. Her breathing quickened as did the grinding of her hips. "That's it, Glenn... keep going... slowly...that's it, finger-fuck that pussy... slowly... good... now three fingers. Gentle... get in there deep... nice and easy." I panted like a dog as I watched Amanda writhing on her boss's desk. He was penetrating her in a sawing motion and though the camera angle wasn't perfect, I could see my wife's hole was wet and engorged. "Now, Glen. Turn your palm upward and scrape your fingertips along Mandy's upper walls. Shelovesthat. If you're luck, you'll find her---"
Amanda suddenly bolted upright, and her eyes flared opened as she wailed. "Fuck, yes, Glenn! Right there... oh fuck, right there!" Her words caused him to sear into her pussy even faster. And as my wife gazed at him with eyes as wide as saucers, Glenn whispered something in such a low that I couldn't discern the words. But whatever he said to my wife caused her to kiss him again, and the older man withdrew his fingers to clutch her close.
I couldn't help but smile as I regarded them.
Glenn slowly pulled back, and looked at me through the nearest camera to Amanda, and back to me again. He appeared anguished as he didn't know whom to address, but ultimately turned to the woman whom he fallen madly in love with.
It was the right choice and the correct thing for him to do.
"Amanda... will you allow me to make love to you?"
Now it was her turn to hesitate. "I need to speak to my husband first." We had discussed this moment formonths, yet my wife still sought my reassurance.
I loved her so much.
"Of course. Let me disconnect my earpiece so you can call him."
"No," I instantly responded. "Tell Mandy it's ok, and that I love her."
"Sy," Glenn began seriously as he turned away from Amanda once more. "I'm not saying this because I want to sleep with your wife; I'm saying this because this is a profound moment in your marriage. You need to speak to Amandaright now, regardless of what happens from here on out."
And in that moment, I realized with absolute certainty that Glenn would always keep my wife's best interests at the heart despite his intense feelings for her.
He was about to say more, but I interrupted, "Tell Amanda that I want this for her, and that I love her 1.5 million."
Glenn recited my response, and Amanda instantly knew that the words were from me, and from the bottom of my heart, because no one else was aware of our inside joke. She looked into the camera on the desk and mouthedI love you.
We were both on the verge of tears.
Amanda constantly exuded confidence, and was, literally, a model of health and fitness, but she never appeared so meek or vulnerable as she took the older man's hand. They hugged again as something profound occurred between them. I didn't dare speak.
Something significant was happening to our marriage as well, and it was for the better.
Amanda and Glenn were both visibly trembling as he carefully led her to the leather couch, with Amanda pausing long enough to thoughtfully adjust the cameras on the desk so that they were now pointing at the proper location.
Even now, as my wife was about to have sex with another man, she was thinking ofme.
She reached the couch first and sat. Glenn quickly removed his shirt and tossed it aside. Finally naked like Amanda, he slowly sat next to her. The man's penis was blatantly erect. I half-expected Glenn to pounce and ravish her mercilessly, but he remained still, his lust for my hot wife surpassed only by his genuine affection and the need to treat her with respect.
The pair regarded each other timidly like shy schoolchildren. Sure, they had just taken turns performing oral sex on each other, but penetrative sex was another matter entirely. Even Amanda, who was always composed and perhaps more excited about tonight than anyone, was indecisive.
The older man regarded my wife longingly. There was actual pain etched on his face as he wanted nothing more to be with her, but was too polite--- and afraid--- to make the first move. I stared at them in silence, unable to give Glenn any direction.
Amanda, however, eventually took the initiative by crossing her legs and rubbing her heel up and down his shin. She may has well have been giving Glenn oral sex again because the man exhaled sharply at her mere touch. I understood what my wife was doing; she was easing her lover into the pinnacle of our night.
Amanda took Glenn's hand and placed it over her chest so that he could feel her heart beat. "Isn't this couch more comfortable than your desk?" she asked playfully.
But Glenn was too enthralled by Amanda's breast to immediately respond. And when finally looked up, he told her seriously, "There is nothing about you that isn't perfect."
I nodded emphatically.
"Thank you, Glenn." Amanda gently removed his hand to reposition it on her leg. As the man stroked her inner thigh, my wife placedherhand delicately onhisthigh, dangerously close to his erection.
Glenn's manhood twitched. "Oh god." He started to shake nervously.
"It's ok, Glenn. I want tonight to be special for us. And I want this moment to be a memory that you're always remember fondly."
"I willneverforget about you or this evening, Amanda. We could've kept our clothes on and just talked about the weather, and it would still be one of the greatest nights of my life."
Amanda hugged her mentor.
But the affectionate gesture quickly devolved into kissing and groping again.
Here we go. It was a strange but exciting feeling to realize that another man was about to fuck my wife. I leaned closer to the computer monitors in rapt fascination.
Amanda sat across Glenn's lap, like a child does with Santa Clause during the holidays, and they continued kissing and touching. They commenced slowly, but their pace picked up into something that resembled a frenzied impatience. The sound of lips smacking and murmuring was deafening as it echoed between the barren walls of the empty office.
The lovers were no longer acting like shy schoolchildren.
Their lips were still mashed together when Glenn gently eased Amanda onto her back. I could scarcely breathe as I watched the older man preparing to mount my wife. But gone were frenetic motions like those of horny awkward teenagers; now the pair were operating in unison as each understood what the other wanted. They were moving with the self-assurance of mature adults.
Glenn brought his bulbous head to the entrance of Amanda's vagina. He didn't speak but asked for consent by looking at her solemnly. And when Amanda nodded once, he gently entered her.
My hot wife moaned her lover's name.
Glenn made love to her as if he was handling a delicate flower. His thrusts were slow and gentle, and there was no aggressive physicality that I was anticipating and, in truth, secretly hoping for. But witnessing the tenderness between Amanda and Glenn made me guilty when I realized that I had been wrong about tonight.
This wasn't about Amanda being able to finally fuck her boss now that he was retiring.
This was about the love that they shared for each other.
Glenn slowly quickened the pace. My wife's mouth was as wide as her eyes, and ragged breaths, as well as occasional moans and whimpers, sounded from her lips. She pulled the man onto him and kissed him for the countless time. He was on top of her now, chest to chest, their bodies, literally, as one.
Amanda suddenly slung one leg over the back of the sofa. Glenn realized that she was gifting him a clearer path into her body, so he thrusted harder and deeper, their collisions resembling the sound of a closed fist striking an open palm. There was a rhythmic staccato to their lovemaking, and the way they shifted against each other was hypnotic.
My mouth was dry but my palms were sweaty as I watched. I was admittedly nervous, but the euphoria in Amanda's expression caused my spirits to soar. Her happiness--- and safety--- were all that mattered to me.
Amanda may have possessed an uncanny connection with her boss, but it would never compare to the bond thatweshared.
Sheknewthat I was watching her at that precise movement; that I had been hanging on her every move all night long.
Sheknewwhat I was thinking.
Sheknewthat I was touching myself as I played the role of voyeur to her exhibitionist.
Amanda turned her head as Glenn lay on top of her to peer directly into the nearest camera. And when she licked her lips, my entire being burned for her. I was overcome with the urge to demand that my wife return home right now so I could finish what Glenn started.
Amanda called softly to her lover. Glenn's earpiece could barely pick up her whisper, but I did hear my name. That made me very curious.
Glenn immediately paused and chuckled affably. "Yes, of course! He's as much a part of this as we are." Then my wife spoke to him again.
To my surprise, the older man dismounted.
That snapped me out of my prolonged silence. "Glenn, what are you doing? Don't stop! Go back to her!"
But their broad grins filled the video feeds as Amanda stood up while her partner brought himself into a sitting position. My confusion was momentarily forgotten as I stared at Amanda, whose naked perfect was as blinding as the sun. I was on the verge of cumming just by staring at her.
With her expression becoming even naughtier, Amanda slowly mounted Glenn as he remained seated. She moaned audibly as she lowered herself onto his stiff rod. The man planted his hands on her hips and guided my wife until she was completely impaled on his lap.
Then, with her eyes searing into me via the camera on Glenn's desk, Amanda began riding her man in reverse cowgirl, a sex position that she and I particularly enjoyed.
"Fuck," I murmured.
Glenn was soon howling at the moon, and I was again glad that we had the foresight to plan this secret rendezvous on a deserted weekend night.
Glenn's hands slid up my wife's trunk and sought her breasts once more. Reaching around her body, he cupped and squeezed them, and mashed them together. And as Amanda cooed and encouraged him with lusty words, he tweaked her nipples. There was a boldness to the way her fondled her.
And through it all, my wife continued to grind and bounce on the man's shaft.
I marveled at her flawless nudity.
I became diamond-hard as I watch Glenn's large, meaty hands toy roughly with Amanda's perfect tits.
I was mesmerized by the heavenly vision of my wife engaging in sex with another man.
"Amanda wants to know if you're enjoying the show, Sy. She's asking if you're getting off on watching her fuck."
Glenn was teasing me now just like I had done to him earlier. I grinned knowing that we were all in this together. And while Amanda had been performing for me all night, it occurred to me, too, that the man wasn't just simply content on having sex with my wife.
Judging by his words and actions, Glenn was relishing being an exhibitionist as much as she was!
"Tell your hot assistant that I'm jerking off to watching her fuck her boss like she's desperate to keep her job." It was the truth; I had been masturbating hard to their sensual performance.
Amanda nearly fell off his lap in laughter as Glenn repeated my statement.
Then she twisted her head back to engage Glenn in another passionate kiss but kept one eye fixed on the camera. Her performance wasn't quite finished yet. Glenn's hands were still all over her chest, and I could easily see his manhood buried in her pussy.
Without warning, Amanda's face contorted. I almost rose to my feet and shouted for Glenn to stop, terrified that he was hurting her. But when she began to call his name between gasps, I realized, with great exuberance, that she was about to orgasm!
The older man sensed it, too, and began pumping upward into her harder and faster than he had all night even as my wife bounced on his rod like a jackhammer. There was a coat of wetness on his shaft that was becoming more copious with each pass.
Amanda suddenly screamed as her spine arched backwards, and a seizure-like spasm wracked her as she climaxed. Glenn encircled my wife with his arms as she stiffened, holding her close and protectively and he felt her quake. He was still pumping furiously, though not as hard, as she continued to orgasm with a high-pitched whine.
Glenn's movements momentarily slowed as Amanda became limp. But as she called his name again during a final spurt, he thrusted harder and faster. Amanda's breasts and hair tossed in the air from the spirited fucking.
"Cum inside of her," I demanded... no, pleaded... as I approached my own eruption.
Glenn was bucking his hips with the virility of a man half his age when he ejaculated into my wife with a roar.
And as his thick semen blasted into Amanda, a geyser of cum spouted from my own cockhead.
My cries of glory merged with Glenn's as my wife brought us to climax as only she could.
The three of us were exhausted as we had, literally, drained ourselves. I settled back into the couch, still holding my cock and coaxing out the final drops. I suddenly feeling very alone and wished Amanda was here next to me.
My eyes were fixed on her images on my computer screens.
Amanda's eyelids were closed, but a proud, if not mischievous, smile was noticeable as she leaned against her lover. Glenn, in turn, bearhugged her greedily from behind to keep my wife against him. He rained kisses all over her neck again, and then on her lips when my wife twisted her head back. His penis was still buried in her pussy, and the pair was still shifting heaving against each other.
Finally, Amanda whispered something to Glenn, who nodded. He then removed his earpiece and gently inserted it in her ear. Glenn planted another kiss on my wife before scooting aside to give us some privacy.
"Babe, can you hear me?"
"Loud and clear, Mandy. My god, you are so fucking sexy."
She laughed. "All these camera's that you and Glenn set up... I could feel you watching me through every one of them. It's like you were right here with us... with me."
"My god, you are so fucking sexy," I repeated mindlessly. My wife's exhibitionist skills basically devolved me into a blubbering idiot. "The way you looked when you were sucking and fucking Glenn... you're a goddamn living work of art."
Amanda made a rude sound. "Oh, stop."
"I loved watching his cock slide into your mouth and pussy. I loved watching his rough, meaty hands touch you all over... watching them play with your tits and ass."
She shook her head incredulously. "Omigod, babe."
I looked at a particular video feed that was a rather clear closeup, and gazed at my wife with absolute love and adoration. "I just hope it was nearly as good for you as it was for me."
Amanda beamed so happily that reinforced my believe that tonight would only make our marriage stronger. "It was beyond anything that I could've imagined. Thank you for this, babe." She turned and smiled at her retiring boss. "You were incredible, Glenn."
He hugged my wife.
"Mandy, please tell Glenn I said 'thank you' for taking such good care for you... tonight and the past 5 years."
She did as I asked with mild embarrassment, and the man inclined his head at me.
Then Amanda sighed. "I'll get cleaned up and dressed then head home. I just need a minute to recuperate. My legs feel like jelly, and I'msoexhausted."
I noted that Amanda was still snuggled comfortably against her lover, and that he was still holding her very tight. Seeing my naked wife pressed against a man who desired her beyond comprehension made my instantly hard again. Neither seemed like they wanted the night to end yet, and neither did I.
"Why don't you and Glenn just stay there and relax for a bit?"
"If I do that, babe, I'm liable to fall asleep."
"That's ok. As long as you don't mind that I keep watching you."
The idea amused her. "You're going to watch me sleep?"
"For a little bit. Then I'll go. I don't care what you're doing... fucking another man, picking your nose, sleeping... as long as I can observe."
Amanda blushed which made her adorable freckles unfathomably sexier. "You're so silly. I love you." She spoke to Glenn, who nodded, before looking at me again. "We're going to take a short nap together on the sofa. I'm going to take out the earpiece, ok?"
"Ok, Mandy. Feel free to go another round with Glenn before you come home. I love you 1.5 million."
"Only 1.5 million? Because I love you 1.5billion."
She had never said that to be before, and I smiled so broadly that my face actually hurt.
I watched as my wife lay her head on her lover's chest as he ensconced himself on the couch. Glenn immediately wrapped one arm around her protectively. Their expressions were content as the pair closed their eyes and basked in the aftermath of their union.
I studied Amanda's backside as she lay top Glenn. The naturally tan complexion of her skin was smooth and perfect, and her curves were sleek and enticing. I watched her breathing gradually slow until, a short while later, it was obvious that she had fallen asleep.
Glenn, meanwhile, had been combing his fingers Amanda's black silky hair in an affectionate gesture. But his hand eventually worked its way downward, where it stroked her lower back lightly. Very soon, Glenn dozed off, too, with his hand coming to a rest on my wife's bare bottom.
They looked so cozy together.
Cock still in hand, I masturbated to the images of my hot wife sleeping with her older lover until I came again, then reluctantly turned off the computer monitors.
Now I was truly alone, and our house felt cold and empty.
******************************************************************************
Amanda stirred first. Her companion awoke as she shifted lightly on his body. "I'm sorry, Glenn. I didn't mean to wake you."
"No, that's ok," he replied groggily. But the man was fully alert after rubbing his eyes. "You must want to get back home to Sy."
"I do. I miss him."
"As much as he misses you, I'm sure. This night has been one of the best nights of my life. I want to thank you and your husband for allowing me the honor." He kissed the top of her head, inhaling the fragrant scent of her hair one last time. "I do love you, Amanda."
"I love you, too." Then she sat up and looked at him gravely. "I need to ask you something, Glenn, and I want the truth."
He immediately sat up. "Of course."
"All these years that we worked together... making that special job class for me... all the raises and promotions... and now selecting me to replace you. You didn't do all that... I mean, I hope none of that was preferential treatment. You trained and chose me because you believe in me, right? Because you think I can do the job?"
The older man sighed patiently; this was a topic that they already discussed many times.
"Amanda, I didn't choose you to be my successor over everyone one else because I think that you can do the job; I chose you over everyone else because Iknowyou can do the job, and do it better than anyone. Youknowthat. Yes, I fell in love with you the moment we first met, but I didn't just see a beautiful and sexy young woman. I saw greatness; greatness that, quite frankly, you easily surpassed. You didn't receive anything from me that you didn't rightfully earn. You're gifted at what you do, Amanda. You have the skills to succeed and, equally as important, you command the respect of everyone who will be working for you."
Amanda trembled. She never doubted her skills when it came to her career. And though she had heard Glenn's assurance before, my wife needed to hear it one more time, particularly in this vulnerable moment.
Glenn gazed upon his former employee, whom he had loved and nurtured, and possessed profound feelings for that could not be articulated. He wanted nothing more than to remain here with her, naked. But he knew that wasn't Amanda's priority, nor should it be.
"Young lady, you really should get dressed and return home to your husband. You two belong together."
"You're always looking out for me." My wife smiled.
The older man blushed boyishly. "Old habits die hard, I suppose. Besides, you both were gracious enough to fulfil my fantasy in having sex with you in my office," he admitted jokingly, "so what else is there?"
The question was intended to be rhetorical, but Amanda responded by crossing her long legs. And as Glenn stared at them, she rubbed her heel up his shin as she had done earlier. The flirty gesture stirred a rapid response in his loins.
As it had done earlier.
"You know, Mr. Talbot, I have a confession to make:Ihave a fantasy about having sex with you in your office, too."
Glenn immediately fell into his role again. "Oh, Mrs. Rappaport? And what, precisely, does that entail?"
She told him.
The man's eyes bulged.
"What do you say, Mr. Talbot? One last fling for old time's sake?"
Glenn's tone was strangled. "Do you really expect me to saynoto that?"
My wife's eyes were smoldering, and it was clear that her former boss was no longer in charge. "No, Glenn, I don't."
His initial instinct was to eagerly agree, but Amanda's well-being was always his main concern. "We should call Sy first to keep him in the loop. Do you think he'll object?"
Amanda suddenly embraced the man. The gesture was not sexual nor born from lust. Rather, it stemmed from genuine appreciation. "You aretoogood to me, Glenn." Then she snorted in amusement. "As for my perverted, voyeur of a husband... we both know that he won't object. Hell, he'll mostly likely want to direct us again, and record everything as he jerks off." My wife barked with laughter. "And you don't need to worry because I already have his permissionandI'll tell him everything when I get home. We don't hide anything from each other." She grew serious. "I want this forus.So, Mr. Talbot, will you grant your Baby Girl this one final request before you send her off into the cruel world on her own?"
"For you, Amanda... anything."
The pair rose to their feet. Hurrying to the corner where Amanda had discarded her clothes, Glenn retrieved them and assisted her in getting dressed. The man quickly discovered that helping my wife put on her clothes was strangely more sensual and sexier than takingoffher clothes. It felt much more intimate.
Then he led her back to his desk.
Glenn placed his hands on my wife's shoulders, and appeared as though he was going to kiss her again as he leaned forward. But at the last moment, he suddenly spun Amanda around. The man's hands remained where they were, but he pressed his crotch against her bottom.
What an incredible ass,Glenn thought as he grinded against it.
"Now take me, Glenn. Claim my pussy... be my BOSS."
"Bend over, then, Baby Girl." Glenn promptly placed his palm between my wife's shoulder blades, and nudged her upper half forward.
Amanda suddenly found herself bent over.
Glenn was still rubbing himself against her bottom when he boldly hiked the miniskirt over her waist, exposing the very familiar panties. Without hesitating, he pinched the waistband between thumb and forefinger near Amanda's hips, and slowly drew them down her legs. The man licked his lips at the sight of her firm half-moon orbs.
Then Glenn gave my wife a playful spank.
She made a rude sound. "Is that the best you can do, Mr. Talbot?" she sneered, wiggling her ass invitingly.
Glenn spanked her again, this time hard enough to leave a hand print. Then, feeling more empowered than he had all night, he positioned my wife into a wider stance so that her long legs were in an upside-down V-shape. Her loose pussy was gaping at him, so Glenn grasped his erection and teasingly traced the tip along Amanda's vaginal rim.
With the benefit of her high-heeled boots, he was lined up perfectly.
Glenn latched onto Amanda's hips and slammed into her from behind without warning.
The man didn't demonstrate the type of romance or gentle affection that he had previously displayed all night.
He simply dominated my wife and fucked her ruthlessly.
"Oh god... oh god, Glenn! That's it! That's it! Fuck me hard... fuck me harder. Harder!"
Amanda was screaming at him.
"My, you're quite the boss' pet are you, Mrs. Rappaport?" the man taunted her between grunts and groans. "If only Mr. Rappaport could see you now!" The legs of the heavy desk actually scraped against the floor from Glenn's brutal pounding.
"Pull my hair," she gasped."
Glenn kept one hand on Amanda's hip, but used his other to ball her long silky hair around his fist, and tugged on it like a rein.
During all the countless times that he had fantasized about having sex with my wife, he had never imagined subjugating her to anything so misogynistic.
Glenn huffed, "I think I'm finally beginning to understand your husband."
Amanda was writhing like a snake, primarily to enhance her own pleasure, but also to tease her lover with the pretense that she was trying to get away. Glenn understood the game and played along, so he grabbed the scruff of her neck and pushed down firmly but gently. Between applying steady pressure to Amanda's neck and pussy, he had her effectively pinned.
"Oooh, I like you in this position." After a mere 2 more pumps, the older man was ready to explode again. "Are you ready for another load of cum, Baby Girl?"
"I want ALL of it," Amanda hissed. "Gimme every last drop!"
"My god..." Glenn's faade fell away as he cried my wife's name euphorically, filling her womb with his semen for the second time.
He collapsed on her, and they lay there together. Amanda simply remained still as she savored the weight of her lover atop her back. Glenn, in turn, marveled at the firmness, warmth, and smoothness of the sexy body beneath him. He stroked Amanda's hair and inhaled its scent; the man realized that he was constantly sniffing the young woman's hair.
A new fetish, perhaps?
After a long while, Glenn reluctantly stood up and withdrew his penis from my wife. She groaned as her pussy suddenly felt oddly cold and empty, but rolled to face the man with a smile. "That was incredible, Glenn. Tonight has been absolutely wonderful."
"I'm honored that you and the husband gave me permission to be with you." He smiled. "But it really is time for you to return home to your husband, Amanda." Almost as an afterthought, he retrieved Amanda's panties, and grinned wolfishly. "Mind if I help you put these back on before I walk you to your car?"
Amanda closed his hand around her sexy underwear. "Keep them. As a memento. Whenever you look at my panties, I want you to remember how special this evening was for all of us."
"My god, Amanda," Glenn choked. Then he noticed the copious amount of thick white semen...histhick white semen... that was oozing down her thighs. "Maybe youshouldput these back on... so you don't, uh, leak everywhere." When my wife threw him a disapproving look, however, he continued in disbelief, "Don't you want to at least clean up before you leave?"
Her look was downright nasty, confident, and shameless. "My husband will think it's hot that you send me back home to him with your cum dripping out of my pussy."
The older man shook his head incredulously, and muttered again, "My god, Amanda."
******************************************************************************
Amanda hopped into my embrace with giddy excitement the moment she returned home. Her body was warm and firm, as usual, but now possessed Glenn's lingering scent. The combination acted like a pheromone as I hugged and kissed her passionately.
"I missed yousomuch."
She giggled. "I can tell."
"Did you have fun?"
"You mean, you couldn't tell with the 20,000 cameras you set up in Glenn's office?"
I grinned sheepishly. "I didn't want to miss a thing." Then I asked seriously, "Did you have any more fun after I left?"
My wife reported, inverygraphic, detail how Glenn bent her over his sturdy desk and fucked her doggystyle.
"I told you he wouldn't say no to that!" I cried hysterically. "Damn it, I should've told Glenn to make you thank him for allowing you the honor for giving him a blowjob. But he was being so nice that I didn't have the heart to turn him into a bad guy."
Amanda punched me in the shoulder. "At least someone knows how to treat a girl with respect," she retorted mockingly. "Well, Glenn's not here, and I'm stillveryhorny, so you need to do something about that, Mr. Rappaport."
Thatgot my attention. "Yes, Mrs. Rappaport."
She lowered her voice conspiratorially. "His cum is still warm inside of me, you know."
"Fuck, Mandy. You're about to get what you deserve."
Amanda yelped in surprise and laughed uncontrollably as I picked her up, slung her over my shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and hauled her upstairs to our bedroom where we fucked like rabbits for the rest of the day.
******************************************************************************
It was a bittersweet moment when Amanda arrived at work on Monday morning. Her secret rendezvous with Glenn, now officially her former boss, had occurred last Saturday, a mere 2 days ago. But the man had returned the following day to clean out the rest of his items, and now the room--- my wife's new office--- was empty.
Well,almostempty.
Glenn's desk, chair, and sofa remained.
My wife placed a box containing her belongings onto the desktop. It was the first of many boxes that she'd be bringing in, but this box contained her most essential items. One by one, she took them out, leaving her most precious for last:
A framed picture of us.
Within the hour, Amanda had completely settled in, and her office now appeared as though she had been there for eons.
Amanda opened the top drawer to put away some things, and froze.
There was note inside.
Amanda,
Congratulations, again, on your promotion. I can't think of anyone more deserving. You will be a fantastic leader, and take the company to new heights.
I hope you don't mind, but I took the liberty of leaving some furniture behind. I hope you'll think of me and our special night whenever you look at them.
Until next time, Baby Girl.
Love,
Glenn
Amanda stared at the noted for a long time, before sitting back into her new seat with a sigh. She already missed Glenn. After seeing him every day and working closely with him for 5 years, it felt as if a part of herself was missing. The man was more than a friend and mentor, and much more than a mere lover, and would always own an untouchable piece of her heart.
However, Amanda took a deep breath and quickly composed herself.
The only constant in life was the passage of time, and all the happiness and sadness that it brought.
Besides, it wasn't like Glenn was dead! He had happily retired to live a simpler, less stressful life, and she would see him again soon. Feeling a mixture of happiness and loss, she clutched the note against her chest.
Amanda gazed at her new work desk and almost burst out laughing.
Somewhere, she was sure that Glenn was staring at her panties, too!
"Thank you for everything, Glenn," my wife whispered. Then she slipped the note into her purse, took another deep breath, and set her shoulders resolutely.
It was time to get to work.
******************************************************************************
Epilogue
Amanda continued to contact Glenn even after he had officially retired from their company. Some their correspondence was professional, as she often sought advice from her former mentor. But much of their continued interactions was predictably on the flirty side.
Amanda didn't hide the naughty texts that they frequently exchanged.
Italwaysled to fantastic sex between us.
But it had been almost 2 months since their fateful late-night romp in Glenn's office, and Amanda and Glenn hadn't seen each other since.
But when I discovered that the man's birthday was in 3 days, I suggested to my wife that she take him out on a date. I even surprised her with a sexy "little black dress" that I knew Glenn would drool over once he saw it on her luscious body. Amanda only required a little bit of prodding to see her man again... and Glenn required even less convincing from Amanda!
On Glenn's 60thbirthday, my wife was to meet him for dinner and a night of hot sex.
She, of course, looked stunning in the skimpy LBD.
"Tell Glenn I chose that dress," I begged roguishly.
Amanda made rolled her eyes in mock exasperation, then laughed and hugged me.
I touched my forehead to hers. "Go have fun... and make me proud."
However, it was barely 2 hours later when I heard the garage door open followed by hurried footsteps. I was in the living room watching TV. "Mandy?"
Her response sounded somewhat frantic. "Hold on, babe. Stay where you are!" She rushed upstairs to our bedroom and slammed the door shut before I even saw her.
I definitely wasn't expecting my wife home so early--- if at all--- and I wondered if something bad had happened to cut her evening short with Glenn.
After a few minutes, I was starting to grow concerned when the bedroom door opened, and Amanda gracefully glided down the stairs like an angel descending from heaven.
She was wearing slinky black lingerie set, complete with a matching garter belt and stockings, which made her long sexy legs appear even longer. The bottom was crotchless, allowing her shaved pussy to peek out like some kind of obscene eye and the top had open cups, enabling her perfect breasts to spill out. My wife had also let her hear down, give her a slightly unkempt appearance that added to her overall hotness.
"Wow." I was so awestruck that I couldn't speak any other words.
Amanda beamed radiantly. "Glenn bought this for me. He wanted to make sure that you knew that. You boys are so alike."
Amanda was trying to tell me something, but I couldn't quite figure it out. I was also so enamored with her beauty that I didn't notice that she was holding something in her hand until she held it up. My eyes widened.
An earpiece.
"Wear this, and turn it on," Amanda commanded.
I did as instructed.
"Sy?"
"Glenn?" I was slightly confused. "Hi... what's up?"
"I wanted to personally thank you for allowing your hot wife to spend time with this old man on his birthday."
"Of course."
Then Glenn got straight to the point. "I need your help with my birthday present."
"Ok," I responded carefully.
"I want you to take care of my Baby Girl, Sy."
I looked at my wife in confusion, who was smiling angelically.
Then she held up her cellphone, and Glenn's live image was suddenly grinning at me.
"I want to hear my Baby Girl scream... and see her toes curl... as you make love to her. I want you to treat Amanda like I would... love her like I would. And after you bring that hot wife of yours to orgasm, I want you to do it again. And I want to watch it all unfold."
My expression matched theirs. "The shoe's on the other foot now, eh, Glenn?"
"Will you do that for me, Sy?"
My pants were already tented as I gazed at Amanda, who calmly placed her cellphone on the coffee table so that its camera was pointed at us.
I looked into the camera and directly at Glenn. "Tell me what to do."
"I took the liberty of buying your wife crotchless lingerie, so, first off, lay my Baby Girl down, spready her legs, and slurp on that delicious pussy like it's your last meal on earth."
I guided Amanda, who was waiting expectantly, into a sitting position on the couch. She immediately slouched, sliding her lower half over the edge. With a sultry look that, literally, dropped me to my knees, she spread her legs wide and coolly peeled back her large labial flaps.
Showing me a LOT of pink.
I lowered my head and happily performed my duties as a husband.
After a while, Glenn continued, "Very good, Sy. Now, then, next I want you to...."