My thanks to Marriedinmaine2 for all of his work in editing this story. Any mistakes that still exist were made after his final edit.
*****
After Michelle's last trip to Seattle for a weekend with Mike, he told her that he wanted her to leave me and marry him. He'd told her he couldn't go on sharing her so she had to make a choice. She had. She told him goodbye and came home, this time for good.
After she got home, we went to bed, both of us nervous about what our future might hold, but secure in our love for each other.
In the middle of the night, I woke up to Michelle crying. I put my arms around her and pulled her to me, asking her, "Do you want to talk about it?"
"I don't know, it's just so hard. I love him you know, but he wouldn't let me have you both. I tried to keep things as they were, but he was so insistent, that if I loved him he wanted me to leave you and marry him. I couldn't do that!"
"I know baby, I am really sorry it had to end. But I can't tell you how glad I am that you're home. I love you so much!"
"I love you too hon, I couldn't leave you, no matter what, and I never will!"
We kissed and gently made love, one of the sweetest feelings I've ever known.
The next morning, we both got up, ate a little breakfast and had to go to work. I spent a good share of my day trying to think how I was going to talk to Jacqui. There simply wasn't any way to gently break off with her, but even though Michelle and I hadn't talked about her, I knew it was going to come.
After I got home, I nervously paced, waiting for Michelle. I wanted to let her know I was going to Jacqui's and the reason why. Unfortunately, she had to work late. It was nearly two hours later than normal before she got home. When she got there, she apologized telling me that there was a case coming up tomorrow and she had needed stay in order to finish up some legal papers.
"I need to go to Jacqui's, hon, not too sure how long I'll be." Mondays are Jacqui's normal day off and I knew that this particular Monday evening, she was going to be home, waiting for me to bring her news.
"What are you going to tell her?"
"That I'm going to stop seeing her, that from now on, I'm all yours and yours alone."
She looked me straight in the eyes, took a couple minutes to speak, then told me, "No sweetheart, I don't want you to do that. I told you at the beginning that you and Jacqui didn't have anything to do with Mike and me. Just because I'm not going to be with Mike doesn't mean you and Jacqui can't still be together."
I looked at her in shock, trying to comprehend what she was saying to me, "You mean you don't want me to break up with her?"
"No sweetheart, I love that you and her care for each other like you do. I like her and want you to keep seeing her, even sleeping with her sometimes. Like I said, your relationship with her doesn't have anything to do with Mike and I've gotten to really like it when you come home and tell me what you and her do together, especially when we play it out."
After Michelle had spent that first weekend in a hotel with Mike in Seattle, she'd told me that she'd had fantasies of me being with another woman as well. She'd loved my story of how Jacqui had tried on clothes I was picking out for her at Victoria's Secret.
Later, when we were arranging another weekend for Mike to spend with Michelle, she'd insisted I ask Jacqui out the evening Mike was coming. She'd literally had to drag me to Victoria's Secret and forced me to ask Jacqui for a date. Then, not leaving well enough alone, when Jacqui suggested the possibility of me spending the night with her, Michelle had been the one to agree. I'd been too scared to even breathe, much less talk! Ever since then, Michelle had encouraged my relationship with Jacqui to bloom into a very hot love affair. I'd at least partially assumed it was to some degree a guilt reflex from her affair with Mike.
Now that Michelle wasn't seeing Mike any more, I'd naturally assumed Michelle would want my relationship with Jacqui to end as well. But she'd surprised me by telling me she didn't want our affair to end. I asked her, "Are you sure you won't be jealous?"
"Of course I'll be jealous. If I ever actually see her with you, I might feel like I want to scratch her eyes out!" Then, she looked at me, right in my eyes. "Someday I want to, you know."
"You want to what? Scratch her eyes out?"
"No, silly, I want to see her with you. I want to see you make love with her."
That surprised me a little. Michelle hadn't ever even hinted that she wanted to see me and Jacqui together. She went on, "I want to see what it's like, to feel the excitement and jealousy you felt when you saw me with Mike."
"You wouldn't scratch her eyes out?"
"I don't know, maybe!" She grinned at me.
I couldn't help but smile. I'd been hoping that Michelle could see Jacqui and me together. I didn't know how to make it happen or even if Jacqui would be willing. All I knew was I wanted Michelle to feel that burn of jealousy. Not because I wanted her to suffer, but because I wanted her to understand the feeling of watching your spouse making love with another. And I was hoping she'd enjoy the experience as much as I had when I watched her and Mike together.
Michelle kissed me on the lips, then turned me toward the door and pushed, "Go, talk to her, tell her what I said. Make a date for later, but not tonight. Tonight I want you to come home and make love with me!"
I honestly could hardly contain my happiness at that minute. "I love you so much, you know that don't you?"
She pushed me toward the door, telling me, "You were ready to leave her for me. Sweetheart, that's all I need to know. And, thank you very much, I love you too!"
ooOoo
As I drove, I thought about what I was going to tell Jacqui. I'd tell her about Michelle wanting us together, but not about her seeing us together. I didn't know if that would ever happen. But if it did, I wanted it to just happen, not be planned ahead of time. I drove across the bridge to Pasco with my heart swelling with happiness, both for Michelle and me and for Jacqui. I was pretty sure that Jacqui was expecting a break-up after Michelle returned home this time and I couldn't wait to tell her my news.
I remembered the first time I picked Jacqui up. I had a bouquet of flowers for her and thought it would be appropriate to take her an even bigger bouquet now. I stopped at Safeway to pick up the biggest, prettiest bouquet and vase they had. When I knocked on Jacqui's door, she opened it, looked at the flowers and I kissed her, right there on her doorstep for all the neighbors to see. When she broke away from me, she looked into my beaming face and a big grin started to spread across her face as well.
"May I come in, my love?"
"Please do," as she stepped back and allowed me inside her home.
"Michelle and I had a little talk. She's home and has left Mike for good."
"Should I be happy about that? Or not?"
"I was really afraid she'd want me to split up with you too, but she said that her affair with Mike didn't have anything to do with us. She likes that I'm seeing you, wants you and me to stay together as long as you want."
I saw a tear on Jacqui's face. "I've been afraid all day today of what might happen. I don't think I could bear to lose you." Jacqui and I had been dating and occasionally sleeping together, even going on weekend trips together for the last six months. We'd just gotten home from a fantastic weekend trip to Reno, Nevada. During that time, we'd fallen in love with each other. I'd always been honest with her, that I wouldn't leave Michelle and that someday our affair might have to end. Neither one of us had intended to fall in love, only to have fun together. Sometimes though, life doesn't go as planned.
"Sweetheart, you know I won't leave Michelle." Then I had to tell her what I really didn't want to, but felt that I had to, "I'd like for you to start seeing other guys anytime you want, I want you to have a family of your own and that won't ever happen with me." That was one of the hardest sentences I think I'd ever had to say. Losing her would be like cutting off an arm or worse. She deserved a family, a husband and kids, things I knew she couldn't ever have if she stayed with me.
She wiped a tear from her cheek, I wanted to kiss it away, "But I'm perfectly happy now. What I want is to keep seeing you, even if can only be part time, I don't need more than that."
I held her hand, "I know. But if there's ever someone you want to go out with, I want you to know that it's okay with me."
She told me that if it ever happened, that she would. It made me cringe a little inside, but I didn't want her to know that. Somehow it seemed different than with Michelle. With Michelle, my wife, I loved how she'd been dating and sleeping with Mike. But I really wanted to keep Jacqui to myself. Weird or what?
She'd recovered from her crying spell as we sat and talked about other things, a funny incident she had at work earlier, the ever popular topic of the weather and some others that I don't remember as they weren't important. When I told her I needed to go, she didn't mind. I asked her if she wanted me to pick her up Friday for square dancing and she shook her head yes. Then we kissed and I told her again that I loved her.
ooOoo
When I arrived home to Michelle, we decided to go out to dinner since it was already pretty late. I filled her in on my conversation with Jacqui and Michelle was pleased. It's hard to explain having a wife as wonderful as my Michelle.
After dinner, we went home, got undressed and enjoyed making out with each other. We kissed, hugged, caressed each other and finally made love. It wasn't the most earth shattering we'd ever had, but it was very emotional and satisfying. It was the confirmation of our love for each other.
The next several weeks were pretty tame as compared to the last several months. The three of us continued going to our square dance lessons every Friday and our regular dances were the 1st and 4th Saturdays. Jacqui usually couldn't get off work for those, but Michelle and I enjoyed our time together.
There was one Friday that I'd been sick, so Michelle picked up Jacqui and they went without me. Afterward, they went to dinner with the square dance group. After Michelle dropped Jacqui off at her house and came home, she told me how much she liked Jacqui and enjoyed spending time with her.
I admit I had the best life that it was possible to have. There were two gorgeous women eager to spend time and make love with me, neither jealous of the other. I always managed to spend at least one evening a week, sometimes two with Jacqui in her bed. Occasionally, I'd drop Michelle off at home Friday after our dancing and spend the night with Jacqui.
I was starting to get that itch again, thinking about Michelle with another guy. Don't know what was wrong with me, I'd nearly lost her once but like I said before, it was like a drug addiction that you can't get over. I mentioned it to her a few times that if she wanted to see someone that I certainly wouldn't mind. Each time I did, she discouraged me, telling me that she wasn't ready to get involved with another guy yet. Her word 'yet' left me anticipating when 'not yet' might turn to 'now'
Then, a little over four months after Michelle and Mike split up, she surprised me, telling me totally out of the blue, "Honey, I think I want to start dating someone again."
I looked at her in surprise as she was grinning at me with that sexy grin, "Oh really, have someone specific in mind?"
"No, not really, I just think it'd be fun to try it again." And then she went on with a little twist, "But this time I'd like to do it a little different if it's OK with you." She really had my attention; I had no idea what she meant. "I want to be able to date, but not tell you about it, let you use your imagination, not knowing if I'm seeing someone or not, not knowing if I'm late from work whether it's work or with some guy."
What she was proposing was kind of intriguing to me. We both knew we liked to use our imagination and with what she was suggesting, it would fuel our lovemaking. And I really did want to imagine some hunky guy undressing her and making love with her!
I readily agreed to her plan, anticipating the time when she'd come home late and tell me how naughty she'd been. Yes, I knew I was setting myself up to potentially get hurt. But addictions are like that. You know there will likely be consequences, but you inject that drug into your system anyway. There simply wasn't a bigger aphrodisiac for me than the thought of some good looking guy desiring and making love with my Michelle!
After that, I encouraged her to dress more and more sexily, both when we were out together, and even when she went to work. She pretty much drew the line with her work clothes, telling me that she worked in a professional office and needed to look professional. She did relent to wearing sexy lingerie or even sometimes no lingerie to work, with us being the only ones knowing what she was or wasn't wearing. I was hoping that perhaps some client or someone she met might find out too.
I even asked her if there was anyone at work she was interested in, but again, she told me it wouldn't be appropriate.
I didn't notice any change in her work pattern or anything else for the first month or so after she asked me about dating, but then there did seem to be a slight shift with a little more after hours work. It wasn't uncommon for her to work late before a trial or some other deadline, but I noticed it getting a little more frequent. Whenever I asked her about it, she just told me that my imagination was running away with me and nothing had changed. She always arrived home fresh, exactly like she went to work, so as disappointing as it was for me, I did assume that she was just working late.
Michelle knew how much I liked her showing off her body. I enjoyed watching guys eyes when we went out to dinner or shopping and hoped that one of them might get up enough courage to come over and talk to her when I left her alone. We went to an occasional square dance out of town and her skirts and pettipants (frilly panties intended to be seen when the girls twirled) were a little shorter than at our club dances.
I'd often intentionally sit out a dance so somebody else could ask her to dance. I fantasized about her meeting someone at a dance but it never seemed to happen. I can't say I was disappointed (well, maybe a little) since our lovemaking was so damn good afterward when I'd mention to her what I wanted some guy to do with her. Our sex has always been good, but when we imagined it with another guy it rose into the stratosphere!
ooOoo
One Saturday in March, no different than any other Saturday, Michelle spent the day shopping with one of her girlfriends, Veronica, from work. She got home in the mid-afternoon and told me that she was going out that evening. She hadn't mentioned it before, so I was more than a little curious, "You mean with Veronica?"
"Umm, no, actually I have a date tonight."
I was a lot taken aback by that statement as she hadn't given me any indication that she'd been seeing anyone. "Oh really, first date?"
"Well sort of. We've been seeing each other for lunches and an occasional dinner for a while now, but this is going to be our first real date."
That floored me, but my little man was definitely beginning to take notice, "Anyone I know?"
"I don't think so." Then she took her packages she'd bought and went into our bedroom. Guess she wasn't going to give me any more information than that.
I followed her into the bedroom, asking, "Anything you can tell me about him?"
She smiled at me, "I can tell you that he's really good looking. And that I plan to have a good time tonight, a VERY good time!"
I was dying to know more about the guy, but Michelle had gone into the bathroom and closed the door, leaving me to my imagination, pondering the fact that she was actually going out on a date, not even giving me a clue where or with who. I heard the bath water running and a little later she called to me, asking for some help. When I opened the bathroom door, she asked me to hand her her razor and shaving lotion. My assumption was that she was going to shave her legs, but when I gave them to her, she sat on the edge of the tub and lathered the hair on her pussy. She hadn't shaved there since before she left Mike, so I was pretty surprised. I guess she was giving me a pretty strong clue on how she was going to be spending part of the evening anyway!
I couldn't help but watch my beautiful wife as she carefully shaved herself completely bare once again. My cock was starting to strain against my pants, watching her. I wanted so badly to run my fingers over those smooth pussy lips. She told me, "You've been wanting me to show myself off a little. Tonight I think you might get your wish."
As she finished shaving her pussy and started on her legs, I told her, "Yeah, but I won't be there."
"I'm pretty sure you'll like what you hear." Then she told me to go in the other room and let her finish getting ready.
I did as told, sitting on our bed. In a few minutes, she walked into the bedroom, completely nude and oh so sexy! She picked up the bags she'd brought home from Victoria's Secret and took it back into the bathroom and closed the door again. I kicked myself, realizing that I'd had an opportunity to peek at what she'd bought and hadn't. A moment later, she reappeared causing my jaw to drop in disbelief! She'd donned some new lingerie, panties and bra that were so sexy! Dark blue, but very gauzy and translucent, totally see through. Her pink nipples showed through the soft fabric, although they definitely supported her nicely. The panties didn't have a single square inch that was opaque.
My eyes were wide as she sat down at her dressing desk and started brushing her shoulder length hair out so that it was soft and gorgeous, then her makeup. She was more meticulous with it than I'd seen her for a long time, transforming herself from a beautiful young woman to someone totally bewitching. Watching her take such an effort to make herself this sexy for another guy was a definite turn-on for me. I remember seeing a movie once with the guy watching Michelle Pfeiffer putting on her makeup and still remember the sexy scene. Watching Michelle reminded me how arousing it can be watching your sexy wife get ready for a date, especially when it's with another guy!
Michelle was prettier at 38 than she had been at our wedding when she was 21. She'd gone from a very pretty girl to a beautiful, confident woman, her body curves so feminine, her face more striking and her hair fuller and richer. I couldn't help but get hard watching her, especially knowing she was preparing herself for another man.
When she finished with her makeup, she asked me to wait for her in the living room while she dressed. After I stepped out of the bedroom, she closed the door so I couldn't watch her dress. I sat in my favorite chair, nervously waiting to see what she was going to wear for this guy. When she opened the door fifteen minutes later, my eyes nearly popped out of my head! I wasn't expecting this!
A pale blue blouse complimented her curves; the sheer fabric revealing a darker bra underneath, supporting her cleavage. A pair of western style blue jeans clung to her slender legs, showing off her pert bottom. The jeans flared out from the knee, partially covering a pair of tan colored cowboy boots with a low platform heel. This wasn't what I was expecting her to wear at all! I'd expected a sexy skirt, but what those blue jeans did for her! She reminded me of Mel McDaniel's song, "Baby's Got Her Blue Jeans On". Those jeans showed off her feminine figure like no skirt or dress ever had. Her long, dark brown hair was draped beautifully over her shoulders and she had on a pair of sexy, dangly gold and turquoise earrings and a matching necklace and bracelet. She walked out in the living room, standing in front of me in a sexy pose, asking, "Well love, what do you think? Do I look Okay?"
Okay? She'd just asked me if I thought she looked okay! That certainly wasn't the word I'd have used! I cleared my throat and looked into her eyes, "Yeah, I think you look okay! You look incredibly okay! You look, I don't even know what to say, you're ravishing!"
"One last touch, I think," going back to her dressing table spraying some perfume on her wrists and behind her ears. Then she unsnapped the blouse top snaps and sprayed it between her breasts and re-snapped it. I love that perfume, it alone makes me go wild when she wears it.
When she was finally ready, she came over to me, kissed me lightly, "I don't want to mess up my lipstick." Then she smiled at me and added, just for my benefit I was sure, "Until later."
She told me she was meeting Shaun at seven. "And part of the evening, we're going to be with another friend, Amber." Well, at least I now had a name. I wondered who 'Amber' was though. I can't think of any of her friends named Amber and why would they be meeting another girl?.
As she was leaving, she suggested that I call Jacqui, see if she wanted to go out somewhere. "Maybe it'll take your mind off what I'm doing tonight."
Watching my totally beautiful, sexy wife on her way to meet a guy, "What makes you think I want to take my mind off of what you're doing? Tonight's what I've been dreaming about for the last several months!"
Right before she closed the door, she said, "Just call her, please."
ooOoo
After Michelle had left, my cock was raging hard! She was finally out on a date, which was obviously going to end up in someone's bed, Shaun's bed! I suspected that Shaun was likely going to have the night of his life with my wife!
I put my night-dreaming aside for a minute and texted Jacqui, "Hi, wanna go out after work?" I know that Saturday nights are usually busy for her and she can't talk on the phone, so I didn't want to bother her. Text messaging is much more convenient sometimes.
It was about ten minutes later when I got her response back, "Love to, have a great idea for an evening, pick me up here at 9:30. Dress nice."
I wondered what her great idea was. When I went back in our bedroom to get ready, I noticed a package of birth control pills with several missing sitting very conspicuously on Michelle's vanity. It seems that she wanted to make it very clear to me what she intended tonight! I couldn't help but wonder how many times she'd already been with Shaun.
I shaved, slathered on some nice after shave Michelle had bought me, donned a nice pair of slacks and my best satiny shirt. A little later I was waiting outside the store's back door promptly at 9:30. Jacqui was ravishing when she walked out the door wearing a short mini-dress with a very sexy, low neckline, beautiful as always. I didn't know how one guy could be so lucky as to have two such wonderful, beautiful women in his life!
She wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me to her and kissing me, briefly touching my tongue with hers, then pulling away, "MMMM, We need to remember that for later!" Then she suggested we take her car, handing me her keys and asked, "Can we stop and grab something to eat at Burger King? I'm ravished!"
"Sure, sounds good to me, but where are we going?"
"Tell you later, but let's eat first."
After consuming our gourmet burgers, we were back in the car when she suggested, "Let's run over to Umatilla." Umatilla is a little town in Oregon right across the Columbia River, about forty miles away. The Columbia flows between Pasco and Kennewick, then makes a big swing to the South, becoming the border between Washington and Oregon.
"OK, but what's there?"
"There's a new club that I've been curious about, the 'Honey Bunnz Hideout'."
I looked at her with a bit of a quizzical look on my face, "I've heard of it, but isn't it a strip club?"
She got a little red in the face, "Well technically it's an exotic dance club. But I suppose you could describe it as a strip club."
"Why do you want to go there? Bit of a hankering for a sexy girl?" I teased her a little bit.
She looked back at me, "Just something I've been curious about. I've always kind of wanted to see what they were like. Do you want to go or not?"
"Oh, I'd love to! Just a little surprised that you do. Lead on my love."
We rode on in a bit of silence, until Jacqui asked me, "Where's Michelle tonight?"
"She told me she has a date. This is the first time she's gone out like this since she left Mike." Then I told her about Michelle getting ready for her date.
"Wow, she must be planning something really special! You don't know where she's going? Do you know the guy?"
"Nope, she told me his name was Shaun, but other than that, as Sergeant Schultz used to say on 'Hogan's Heroes', I know noothingg!"
ooOoo
We arrived at the Honey Bunzz a little after eleven O'clock. We walked through the door and I paid my twenty dollar cover charge. Apparently sexy ladies didn't have to pay the fee. I thought it was sexual discrimination! The hostess escorted us to a small table a couple rows back from the stage. All the closer tables had already been taken. I ordered a glass of wine for me and soda for Jacqui (five dollars each!). Neither of us tend to drink alcohol at all, so anything stronger for me was out of the question and Jacqui had volunteered to drive home afterward.
I was surprised as I'd driven past this club before on the way to Portland and it always looked pretty seedy from the outside. Inside though, it was really nice. The chairs were comfortable, armless (I found out why later!). The club was decorated well and lit pretty dimly. The stage was illuminated with nice soft, romantic lighting; almost like a flickering fireplace. The lights were very nice to showcase the attributes of the girls dancing and set a very sexy mood.
The stage was set in the middle of the room, with a narrow walkway to get to it. Then it was round, maybe six or eight feet in diameter with a section protruding out on one side for the pole. The way it was situated nearly in the center of the room, chairs and tables were all the way around, so the girls were facing people no matter which way they faced. It was only about six inches or so higher than the main floor, so it was much more intimate than I would've expected something like this to be. It seemed like almost every dance was a lap dance. When we arrived, there was a fairly young, cute girl dancing around the pole that caught my attention right away. As we watched, she gradually removed her clothes and guys were clamoring for her attention, throwing dollar bills and larger in front of her, along with the mandatory wolf whistles and catcalls. There were probably fifty or sixty people there, mostly men, but some sexily dressed girls like Jacqui in the audience as well (not as pretty as either her or Michelle though). This place was a horny guy's dream come true. I had never been anywhere like this!
Well, actually I remembered I had once before, although not nearly as nice. When Michelle and I were in Kodiak when I was in the Coast Guard, we didn't have a phone. She needed to call her dad, so we walked downtown and the only pay phone we could find was in a nightclub. As we walked in, there was a girl dancing on the stage. Michelle made her call and when we turned back around to the stage, the girl was naked! We were both country kids and literally shocked speechless! Neither of us had ever seen anything like that before then.
This club however was totally different than the one we had visited long ago. The décor was much nicer and the girls prettier. I noticed several very scantily clad girls wandering around the club talking to guys, sometimes taking money from a guy and giving him a private lap dance with a bit of touching and grinding right there on the floor. That was why the chairs didn't have any arms; so the girls could straddle the guy, sitting on his lap, grinding her pelvis into his! I asked Jacqui if maybe we should ask a girl to come over and give us (as in ME) a dance. She didn't say anything, but the look she gave me suggested that it might possibly not be a good idea for me to do that. I didn't understand why not, it was her idea to be here. Girls! Totally illogical!
Then I understood. "Oh, I get it, you want the lap dance!"
She scowled at me, fisted my arm gently and told me very firmly, "NO, I DO NOT!"
We sat at our table drinking our wine and soda, watching the pretty girls on stage and in the crowd. I couldn't help but comment on the size of some of the bare boobs and other female parts on display, getting some cute giggles from Jacqui. I even got brave and asked Jacqui if she wanted to try a little strip dancing on the stage sometime. I got a very quick and formal response, "No, but thank you for asking." I don't think her 'thanks for asking' was particularly sincere!
After we had been there a little over an hour and had drank several of those five dollar glasses, I was getting a pretty good hard-on from all the titillation (I love that word!) going on. The announcer once again introduced the next girl coming on stage, "And now ladies and gentlemen, our featured first time amateur for the night, I'm pretty sure you'll all like her, please give a big applause to Amber! Oh by the way, Amber has asked that you please keep your money in your pockets."
With that, there was a huge round of cat-calls and applause. Hearing that name reminded me that Michelle had told me earlier that she and Shaun were meeting an 'Amber' tonight. What a coincidence.
Then, a soft slow music started and out strolled Amber. "Oh my God," I thought! This was Michelle; MY MICHELLE! Wearing Jacqui's gold dress that I bought her in Virginia City, looking scared to death! I looked at the stunning woman on stage, thinking that I had to be seeing things. When I accepted that it really was Michelle, I looked at Jacqui, realizing that she must have known all about this and likely even helped plan it! She smiled back at me, gave me a little peck on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "Just watch and enjoy!"
I couldn't help it, I was totally flabbergasted! My wife was on a stage! IN A STRIP CLUB! Wearing practically nothing! It finally dawned on me what Michelle had meant when she said they were meeting Amber tonight.
The little metallic gold dress came about to her mid-thigh. The material was thin and barely covered her nipples with maybe half an inch to spare. The back was open, plunging down to just slightly reveal a hint of her butt crack. The front was held tight by tiny, nearly invisible elastic straps around her back, with the metallic gold straps hanging loosely across her back. In short, it was SEXY! I'd bought it for Jacqui in Virginia City, Nevada when she was pretending to be my 'escort' for the weekend.
So, I watched. My heart was beating fast, about to pound a hole in my chest. I loved Michelle showing her beautiful body off to people and she knew it. But this? This was over the top of anything I'd ever imagined! I honestly didn't know whether to get up and run for the door or stay to see what happens. I knew that if I had a chance, I'd tell her NO, not to do this! But then I realized something - I didn't have any control, I never had an opportunity to tell her no, I couldn't make her stop, there wasn't a thing I could do about my wife dancing nearly naked and maybe even doing a striptease show in front of hundreds of horny men! Well, maybe fifty or so anyway. This was something she'd done totally on her own and aside from how sexy she was, that fact alone set my libido on fire!
Just like the night in Kodiak when she'd made love with my friend Alec, or that night with Mike, there wasn't any way that I could look away. I didn't know what she might be going to do, maybe she was just planning to dance in that sexy dress? That itself was putting herself on display far more than she ever had before. But I kinda doubted that, Jacqui called this 'exotic dancing,' but in reality it was a S T R I P club! I didn't think that girls on that stage intended to stay in the clothes they started in. OK, enough of my musings, back to Michelle's little routine.
Michelle slinked out onto the stage, looking every bit the sexy, gorgeous minx I knew she could be. She started out looking very scared, which made her seem even more innocent and sexy. She walked down that narrow walkway to the stage, really nothing more than a slightly raised platform. When she got there, she stopped and started dancing. My beautiful wife danced and gyrated her hips to the music while she caressed herself with her hands. Her face gradually transformed from a frightened grimace with her eyes half hidden to her shiny lips curling into a half smile. By the time her hands began a slow trip to her hips, the tip of Michelle's tongue had just peeked out and wet her lower lip in anticipation...She danced slowly, rubbing her hands down her hips and back up her stomach, teasing her breasts, her face gradually showing how turned on she was becoming. She looked out into the crowd and turned around, perhaps just realizing that with people on all sides, there was nothing she could hide. She rubbed her hands on her rear, pulling the hem of her dress up until it was just about to show her bum before letting it fall back in place. Then she turned back around, ever so slowly and pushed her top down exposing a bare nipple, then the other, cupping her breasts in her hands, pinching her nipples as they became more and more pronounced with her arousal. Her eyes were closed and her initial look of fear had been totally replaced with one of lust.
So much for my thought a few minutes ago that she was just going to dance without exposing anything more! I took a deep breath, this was MY WIFE dancing and baring herself to fifty horny guys and girls, almost making love with the crowd!
In spite of my fears and misgivings from a few minutes ago, I was totally absorbed in her, very much enjoying her exhibitionism. If this had been another girl, it would have been the sexiest dance I'd ever seen. But this wasn't another girl, this was my wife! That compounded the sexiness by a factor of about a hundred! My cock had hardened under my slacks and was threatening to explode. I honestly didn't know how much more of this I could take!
Turning slowly around, with the crowd on all sides, Michelle slipped her dress down to her hips, then down her legs to the floor. She stepped away from it, wearing nothing but her gold heels and a tiny, slinky, matching gold bikini panty. It was shiny gold, held together around her hips by thin straps, tied into a bow.
I looked at Jacqui again a little questioning expression on my face. She whispered in my ear, "I found the panties for her."
When Jacqui wore the dress that night in Reno, we hadn't bought any matching panties. Jacqui had in fact gone to a square dance wearing that dress - and nothing else!
It was obvious that Michelle was really enjoying herself. She had opened her eyes and looked around the room, catching my eyes for a brief moment, smiling at me. I smiled back to her, letting her know it was okay and I was enjoying her show. She looked around and seemed to lock eyes with a good looking guy sitting only a couple feet from where she was dancing at the front of the stage. He reminded me a little of George Strait, with a cowboy hat, western shirt and blue jeans. It seemed pretty obvious that this was the boyfriend she was out with.
My wife watched this guy, focusing her gaze on him, rubbing her hands over those sexy panties. As close as the chairs and tables were to the stage, it was almost like she was doing a personal dance just for him. Michelle's eyes were on him as she was rubbing her hands over her panties creating a bit of a camel toe where she was pushing her panties in between her lips. She continued to gyrate, the lust becoming more and more evident on her face. She was thrusting her hips and breathing deeper, her eyes and face showing her lust with her mouth in that now familiar 'O' expression, as she brought herself closer and closer to a climax right in front of us. She finally started to shudder and moan, audibly groaning until her face exploded in ecstasy and she orgasmed, nearly causing her knees to buckle under her! I sat there, my mouth gaping open, incredulously watching my wife and groaning, trying to not embarrass myself inside my pants.
She continued to look directly at the same man as she slowly slipped her hands down her hips and grasped the strings around her hips tying her panties together. She started to pull the end on each side, gradually pulling the knots loose. I could see her silently mouth some words directly to the man she was looking at. I'd seen those words on her lips before, "I want you." The grin on his face was about a mile wide.
As the knots finally came loose, the back of her panties fell away between her legs, leaving her holding the front in place with the strings. She spread her legs just a little apart, still looking into the eyes of the same guy with that dazzling smile on her face and released the strings! I finally realized the significance of her shaving earlier in the evening. Her pussy lips were totally bare, completely exposing her as she rubbed her fingers over her smooth pussy lips, once again emitting low moaning noises. I was having a harder and harder time realizing that this beautiful, wanton, stunning creature on the stage was actually my wife! The woman I loved, who until recently wouldn't go braless and didn't like displays of affection in public. She's an indispensable professional legal secretary in a prestigious law firm. This goddess stood in front of a crowd of men, totally nude, except her high heels, exposing her most private femininity for all to witness!
I lost track of the music, no idea if it was still playing or not. My eyes were fixated on Michelle; my sexy wife who meant the whole world to me who was currently dancing on a stage, IN A STRIP CLUB, revealing her most intimate sexuality to this crowd of people, so turned on she'd given herself an orgasm, something that in all our years of marriage, I'd never seen her do to herself!
I remembered that night when Michelle stripped for me and Mike in our living room. I thought I was going crazy that night, but it was nothing compared to the effect she was having on me at this moment! Even then, she hadn't brought herself to an orgasm, she left that to Mike to do for her. From the lusty look on my wife's face and her eyes on this guy, I wasn't sure if she even realized anyone else was in the room as she continued to rub inside her pussy lips. I sure as hell did though! Fifty pairs of eyes fixated on my wife's naked and aroused body! Not a soul was making a sound, the entire audience absorbing her eroticism. There weren't any of the catcalls from the earlier performances, this was something this club likely had rarely seen, this beautiful woman making love with herself and now spreading her legs even more, her fingers spreading and teasing herself, revealing her most cherished treasure
My emotions were so mixed. I was excited and enjoying Michelle showing herself immensely! I knew I'd become a bit of a voyeur over the past year, but this little performance was in excess of anything I'd ever imagined she might do! At the same time, I was also so jealous and envious of everyone else here, especially her boyfriend she was fixated on a few feet from where she was standing, watching what had been so privately ours for so long,
Finally, almost mercifully, I heard the music that I hadn't been hearing at all stop. I didn't know if I wanted this to end or to go on forever. At last, the announcer came back on and said, "That was Amber folks, how about that performance! Give her a big hand."
The crowd slowly started clapping, getting louder and louder. The guy she was watching stood, clapping, followed by others at his table, then more until the entire audience was standing and clapping. No hoots, no hollers, no cat calls. Apparently everyone understood that this had been more than that, that this girl was something special.
It seemed pretty obvious that Michelle had been very near to another orgasm and was distraught when the music ended and the announcer came on. It reminded me of the time in Kodiak when I'd brought her so close to a climax then stopped when Alec was visiting us. That had turned into quite a night; I wondered what the rest of this night was going to hold for her and Shaun. I so wanted to be in Shaun's shoes the rest of the night!
The standing and clapping continued for several minutes after Michelle picked up her clothes and walked off the stage. It wasn't until the next girl was introduced that everyone began to quiet back down.
I loved how my wife felt that she could show that it was possible to be so sexy along with being a professional woman. She perfectly demonstrated that sexy and professional didn't have to be exclusive and that she could be both. One didn't have to exclude the other.
I felt kind of sorry for the girl who followed Michelle. She was pretty and had a great body, but she certainly wasn't a Michelle! She danced at the pole, removed her clothes, had money thrown on the stage, but you could tell the excitement simply wasn't the same.
A few minutes later, Michelle walked out onto the floor, once again wearing the gold dress. She briefly looked over at me giving me a 'watch this' type of smile, then walked over to the man from earlier, stood in front of him doing a little dance with that sexy grin on her face. She danced a little and leaned over him with her hands on his shoulders, kissing him. She slowly sat, straddling his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulled herself tight to him. His hands went to her legs, caressing up her thighs, pulling her dress up above her hips. She'd put the gold panty back on and was grinding her pelvis into his. As Michelle's hands gripped the sides of his face as she kissed him, his hands worked higher and wrapped around her bare breasts under the dress. Finally, Michelle broke the kiss, breathing deeply and whispered in his ear. Then she extricated herself from him and walked back into the room alongside the stage.
Just a few minutes later, she emerged once again dressed in the blouse and blue jeans that she had been wearing earlier when she left home. Now however, it was very obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. Her hard nipples were poking a hole in her blouse. She walked back over to Shaun and took his hand, pulling him up from his seat. As they walked within a couple feet of Jacqui and me, she blew me a little kiss. I was so damn hard and horny by then that just that little puff of a kiss nearly made me come! I wasn't sure how I felt then. I'd wanted that last dance, if you wanted to call it that, to be for me. Then, I wanted to make love with her! As it was, I knew she was undoubtedly going to give this guy, Shaun, a night that he would never forget! And then, I'd hear every detail as Michelle and I made love.
I remembered back to when Michelle was seeing Mike that she had told me that our lives could never go back to what we had before. I don't think Michelle had any idea how prophetic that statement was. She's obviously discovered the extreme pleasures from sex and is pushing the boundaries far beyond what she'd ever imagined, to the point that there are no boundaries! I couldn't help but wonder once again about our future!
ooOoo
I took Jacqui's hand and we left shortly behind Michelle, with Jacqui driving. I'd had just a little to drink, but because I wasn't used to any alcohol I was in no condition to drive. On our way, Jacqui told me a little about what had happened tonight.
"Michelle will have to tell you most of it, but I can tell you what I know. She called me a couple weeks ago, asking if I'd have dinner with her as there was something she wanted to talk to me about. We ate dinner, just talking about things. We've become pretty good friends."
"She told me she had a new boyfriend, then about this crazy idea she had. She wanted to do a little surprise for you that she thought you'd enjoy, so she wondered about putting on a little performance at that new club in Umatilla."
"So you helped her plan it?"
"Yes I helped her. She wondered what she should wear and I thought about the dress we bought in Virginia City, thinking it'd be perfect. I told her about it and she liked it, but asked me about some panties to go with it. The next day, I went through our catalogues and found a pair that was perfect, very, very sexy as you saw."
"I'm not sure how she set it up with them, but she told me a few days later that it was all set and when it was. So we had fun planning how we were going to get you there.
"So you weren't really surprised when I texted you?"
"No, I'd been wondering when you'd call. I had my clothes all ready to change into, everything I needed all ready."
"Did she tell you anything about her boyfriend? The only thing I know is that she said his name's Shaun."
"That's really all she told me too. Other than that I don't really know anything about him."
Jacqui and I talking about Shaun reminded me what he and Michelle were going to be doing in just a few minutes, if they haven't already parked their car somewhere. I groaned at the thought of them together in his bed, but it excited me almost to the point that I came in the car on our way home!.
When we got back to the Tri Cities, I wanted to go to Jacqui's house, take her to bed and fuck the night away with her. God, I was so damn hard and horny! Instead, Jacqui took me to my house, gave me a nice kiss and pushed me out of the car. Just a nice kiss, almost like kissing your sister! I think she knew that anything more and we wouldn't be able to stop. As she was pushing me out of the car, she told me, "No, tonight was about Michelle, wait for her." As I was walking into the house, it dawned on me, I had no idea what time Michelle planned to get home, or even if she was coming home tonight. Argghhh, it was going to be a long rest of the night!
ooOoo
I went in the house, sat on the couch, trying to watch a little TV, but my mind couldn't help but wander to Michelle, what I'd seen earlier and what she was undoubtedly doing now. Finally, after not finding anything interesting on TV, I went to bed and tried to keep from masturbating myself as I closed my eyes and tried to envision being Shaun and what he and Michelle were doing at that time. It made a very pretty and sexy picture in my mind! Would they be slow and tease each other or so horny that they'd tear clothes off?
I never did go to sleep that night, not knowing when or if Michelle was coming home. I remember specifically, it was 3:17 in the morning when the door opened. A few minutes later, Michelle walked into our bedroom, looking beautiful as she always does. She was wearing the blue jeans and blouse, without the bra. I'll never be married to her for so long that that sight doesn't turn me into mush! I scooted myself up a little so I was sitting up, leaning on the head of the bed.
She walked over to the bed, sat down on the edge of it and leaned in to give me a very nice kiss. Our tongues played a little bit and I couldn't help my hands as they crawled up her side to cop a feel of those delectable nipples through her blouse. "MMM, you seem to be in a bit of a frisky mood this morning," she told me.
"Uhunh, had a long night, waiting for my wife to come home." Then I asked her, "How was your evening, do anything exciting?"
She looked at me with that sexy grin on her face as her hand was over mine, rubbing her breast, "No, not much, just another boring, humdrum night, you?"
I could see that we were playing a little game of innocence with each other. "Nope, me either, just whiled away my time after you left. I sat home bored out of my mind. Got a bit horny, so Jacqui stopped by for a few minutes, but she was busy and couldn't stay long. I watched a little TV, played solitaire on the computer and finally went to bed." I was rubbing her thighs with my other hand that wasn't inside her blouse.
Michelle was starting to moan a little from my ministrations, "Well," she said, "Now that I think about it, I remember there was this one little thing we did, not much, but you might be interested to hear about it." She paused a bit, readjusting herself up a little closer to me so I could reach her easier, "We went to this little place in Umatilla and discovered the girls there danced with no clothes on. It was pretty embarrassing to watch that, but kind of fun too."
Michelle was starting to unbutton her blouse and nibbling on my ear. I told her, "Hmm, that's kind of a coincidence. Now I remember that Jacqui drug me off to some place like that last night too. It was fun, especially when this one girl came on stage. Thought I might have recognized her, but wasn't sure. They said her name was Amber or something like that. She resembled you just a little bit. She seemed to be enjoying herself more than the others did. I thought she was a lot sexier than the other girls. Sure seemed like she was having fun!"
She took a little break from nibbling and said, "I think I remember who you might be talking about. But I didn't know you were there too. Yeah, that girl did seem to be having fun. She was pretty sexy too. I might even enjoy getting to know her."
Michelle was slipping her blouse off her shoulders as I asked her, "The announcer said that was her first time. She seemed pretty confident with herself, I wonder how a girl doing something like the first time might feel?"
Her hand had come up to my face, pulling me over to her, kissing the tip of my nose, whispering to me, "I bet she was scared to death before she set foot on that stage, probably ready to turn and run far, far away if there wasn't a group of girls pushing her out so she couldn't run away. But I watched her too. She seemed to really get into it and enjoy herself."
I was falling right into her little game, (I LOVE her games!) "It was so hot when she pushed that sexy dress down and showed off her nipple for the first time. Bet she was scared then, too."
Michelle slid herself up my body and deposited one of those juicy, perfect, female nipples in my mouth. I wrapped my arms around her back, pulling her breast tight to me, sucking it all in. She was starting to writhe and moan a little, telling me, "What I saw she didn't look scared at all, I think by then, she was probably so horny and feeling so sexy that she wanted all her clothes off, except I suspect the pros would have told her to go slow and tease everyone a little. It looked like the teasing was really getting her hot too. She had to be to be able to play with herself like that in front of all those strangers. That was so exciting to watch!"
"I have to admit it really turned me on when she came right there on stage and then showed off that shaved pussy. I wanted to storm the stage and fuck her right then and there! Bet every other man in the house wanted to do the same thing too! Good thing I had a friend there to constrain me a little. Wonder who the guy was in the audience that she seemed so smitten with, he was one lucky guy!"
"Don't know, I wondered that too. I'm thinking they probably knew each other the way she carried on with him. She was kind of a brazen hussy, didn't you think?"
"Yeah, she was, probably more than anyone I know could ever be," I tried to say, but the sound was probably closer to mush as she was grinding her boob into my mouth. I gave it a last kiss and before venturing over to her other boob, told her, "It was so sexy, some of what she did, like rubbing herself and making herself come like that. I didn't know something like that was even allowed in a place like that."
Michelle was moaning along with me, having a little trouble carrying on the conversation, "I'd kind of imagine the other girls and the manager probably told her what she could and couldn't do, but I wonder if she might have gotten carried away and bent the rules just a little."
I was having a hard time controlling myself sucking on her nipples, but I really wanted to hear the rest of her story before we made love! Hearing her explain it like this was about the hottest thing I'd ever heard and I wanted to hear all of it while I was still so horny.
Michelle popped her nipple out of my mouth, standing so she could unsnap her blue jeans. She shimmied them down her hips and to the floor. She had those silky, gold panties on! I closed my eyes a moment and moaned, remembering her untying those strings and letting them fall. That's an image that will be embedded in my mind the rest of my life!
She pulled the covers off and climbed on top of me, wearing nothing but those sexy panties and rubbed up against my little man. (Actually, not so 'little' at that particular time!) I couldn't help but reach down and feel that soft fabric, putting a little pressure on that sweet spot between her legs, making Michelle squirm.
My hands were around her hips, pulling her over me. I could feel the warmth of her pussy against me. She smelled so wonderful; I was throbbing, pushing against the satin. My breathing was getting more and more difficult with this minx teasing my body and my mind! "Her panties were a lot like yours. Ohh, when she pulled those strings and let them drop, I nearly lost it!"
She grinned at me and started pulling the strings again, "You mean kind of like this?" She pulled them and pushed herself up just a little so she could pull them out from under her. I nearly died when I felt that shaved pussy against my cock! Michelle hung onto her panties and wrapped them around the back of my head, using them to pull my face toward hers. Our lips met and her tongue met mine as we kissed. While we were kissing, she raised herself up meeting the head of my cock with her pussy and slid down onto me until we were pelvis to pelvis. I felt like I was in heaven, inside her warm, wet love canal!
All thoughts from the earlier evening abandoned me completely as I only wanted to make love with my wife! She ground herself onto me for a moment and started to rise and fall on my cock. I was still sitting up, with my back against the head of the bed. I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her tight to me, her breasts into my face. My sexual tension from the entire evening took its toll on me and I simply couldn't hold myself from exploding inside her. My body shook and I heard strange noises emitting from my mouth as I felt wave after wave of the most exquisite feelings through my entire body! It seemed to go on forever as I lost all sense of anything else.
When I finally stopped convulsing, I opened my eyes again and looked at my beautiful wife. There were streaks of sweat on her forehead. My orgasm had been so intense that I didn't even know if she'd come or not. I pulled her to me and kissed her. All of a sudden, the tiredness of the evening caught up with me and I felt like I couldn't stay awake a moment longer. We both scooted down in bed and Michelle rolled over, spooning her naked body into mine. I wrapped my arms around my bride holding her tightly to me. "I love you," I told her.
"Mmm, I love you too."
A few minutes later, I hadn't gone to sleep yet when I heard a little voice asking me, "Sweetheart, are you asleep yet?"
"No, guess not."
"Thank you for tonight honey, for everything. It was perfect!"
I smiled in my near sleep and pulled her tighter to me, just before going to sleep.
ooOoo
We both slept late the following morning. I'm usually awake by at least seven thirty or so on the weekends, but that morning it was after ten. Gee, I wonder why! It was after five when we'd finally gone to sleep!
My blushing bride had rolled over on her back and her bare breasts were just begging to be nibbled on! I was glad to be able to accommodate them. I watched her face getting a big smile on it as I nibbled. She moaned a little and one hand came up behind my head pulling me down tighter. Her eyes popped open and she looked down at me, suckling away on her nipple. "MMM, that feels good, but I have to go to the bathroom!"
I remembered I'd stumbled into the bathroom a couple hours earlier, practically in my sleep. I'd climbed back into bed and was back asleep probably within a minute. When Michelle returned from the bathroom, she sat on the edge of the bed in all her naked glory and asked me, "Did all of that really happen last night?"
"Yeah, I think it probably did," I told her.
"Ohhh, you probably hate me then, don't you?"
"Sweetheart, I don't hardly think so! I enjoyed every second of it, especially after you got home!"
"Mmm, I liked that part too!"
She snuggled back under the covers with me and I had to ask, "What about a little earlier in the evening, before you got home, when you got to Shaun's house? Did you enjoy that too?"
She snuggled in a little closer and got a big smile on her face as she was thinking about it, "Mmhmm! Most definitely enjoyed that part!"
"Well, are you going to tell me about it?"
"Maybe, what do you want to know?"
"Well, for starters, what did you do when you got to his house?"
She tried to change the subject a bit, "What's for breakfast?"
"Sourdough waffles and sausage. But they can wait. Tell me about you and Shaun!"
She got a very dreamy look on her face and closed her eyes, "It was our first time you know,"
Well actually, I didn't know that and it surprised me a little. I waited for her to go on. "We'd kissed a little before, but that was all. I guess you can imagine that we were both pretty horny by the time we got to his house."
"Gee, I'd never have guessed that! Whatever caused that?"
She ignored my silly question. "When we got inside his house, we were all over each other, kissing, feeling, tearing each other's clothes off like a couple of lovestruck teenagers. You know, the normal stuff after doing a strip! By the time we got to his bedroom, we were both naked and I don't think I was even down on his bed before he was inside me! We kissed and made love. I felt like a teenager with her first boyfriend, except being able to really do something about it."
"Well, was it good?"
"Oh My God Yes! After six weeks of teasing, then that night, we both wanted it so bad! It couldn't have been more perfect!"
She was making me horny all over again! She knows how much I enjoyed hearing about her and Mike. Somehow, this was even better because it was someone she'd just recently met. Before we went on doing something else that day, like making breakfast, I wanted to know everything I could about Shaun. I asked her to tell me about him.
"He's a little older than us, forty two. He's married, but they're separated. Has three kids, two grown up and one fourteen year old that lives with her mom but stays with him quite a bit too. He's really good looking, which I'm sure you noticed the other night and I found out he's a fantastic lover."
"How'd you meet him?"
"Well actually, it was kinda funny how we met. I'd gone to Walmart and was walking down the meat aisle trying to remember what I was after, when I thought of it and said aloud, 'Hot dogs'. Then this guy down the aisle a little further started laughing and turned around to look at me. I didn't know what he was laughing about when he told me 'I just whispered to myself, what sounds good for dinner? And you said hot dogs'"
"We both laughed about that and he told me he didn't really want hot dogs for dinner, did I? I told him not particularly, but that was what I was after."
"He told me his name and I gave him mine. Then he asked if he could buy me a good dinner. He seemed like a nice guy so I agreed. I followed him to Applebees' and we talked for two solid hours. We liked each other and decided we wanted to see each other again. I gave him my number and he called me the next day, asking me if I wanted to meet him for lunch. Since then, we've met several times."
The more she talked about him, the more I was remembering that kiss in the Honey Bunzz and thinking about him and Michelle tearing each other's clothes off later! We'd just made love a few hours ago, but I was definitely getting hard again. Over the last year, with both Michelle and Jacqui, I've learned to like that horny feeling - a LOT! I enjoy letting it slow roast, getting stronger and stronger until finally satisfying the craving is a real treat. Consequently, I wasn't going to make love again with Michelle right away.
"What does he do? Where's he work?"
"Well, he's self-employed. He's a rodeo announcer during the rodeo season and so does a lot of travelling. In the off-season he has a half hour radio program on rodeo news that he sells to stations around the country. He spends most of his week putting that together. One thing he really wants to do is be the announcer at the Pendleton Round-Up (one of the country's biggest rodeos and only 60 miles from us.)
That explained the western clothes from last night. This guy was sounding like a real adult 'chick magnet' to me! I didn't say anything to Michelle, but I wondered if he might have girlfriends at some of those rodeos. Maybe it was weird, but I hoped he didn't. I was hoping he'd be smitten with my wife and that they'd be really good together! As close as she'd been to Mike, she still came home to me and I was confident that even if her and Shaun fell for each other she'd still always be mine. That fear of losing her was still there though. It just wasn't enough to counter my addiction of wanting her to be with another guy. Crazy? Absolutely!
ooOoo
I fixed breakfast: sourdough waffles and sausage as I'd promised Michelle. We played bolo, a dice game we both enjoy and changed the topic of conversation to much more mundane things, like complaining about the dry weather.
Michelle asked me if I wanted to invite Jacqui out to dinner with us that afternoon. I told her that Jacqui was taking the day off work and I thought it'd be fun. We planned to finish our game first. Before we made the call to her, our square dance friends, Jim and Joan called her asking us if we wanted to go to the Wildhorse Casino in Pendleton a little later. She inquisitively looked at me and I told her sure, sounded like fun. She told them we'd probably be bringing along another friend too. Then she called Jacqui and invited her along with us.
They have a great buffet that we enjoyed. Jim is our square dance caller and he and I spent much of the dinner discussing a square dance move we wanted to work out with six couples in the square, rather than four. Michelle, Joan and Jacqui talked about square dance clothes, particularly what they thought might look good on Jacqui, since she didn't have hardly any yet.
After dinner, we wandered around the casino doing some people watching and gambling. Michelle and I lost our obligatory twenty dollars each in slot machines before we decided to go home.
Jim dropped the three of us off at our house. We played a little bolo and the ladies talked and giggled about the night before. I couldn't help but enjoy myself with these two beautiful women discussing that strip tease! One thing I found interesting was when Michelle told Jacqui that right before she went on stage they'd told her the rules; what she could and couldn't do on stage, and then suggested to her that she make eye contact with someone. She told Jacqui, "One thing they didn't tell me though, is what that would do to me. Watching Shaun like that made me so damn horny!" Both girls giggled about that. I couldn't help but smile at it too.
It was about nine when Michelle said she was tired and suggested I take Jacqui home.
ooOoo
Michelle knew exactly what was going to happen with me taking Jacqui home that night. My aroused state from the morning had abated during the day, but listening to Jacqui and Michelle talking about Michelle's strip show had awakened my manhood to full alert. Of course, Michelle reaching under the table occasionally and rubbing her hands over the front of my pants hadn't hurt either. She was fully aware how stimulated both Jacqui and I were!
After we got to Jacqui's and went inside, she told me, "I wanted to do this so bad last night!" She put her hands around my head, running her fingers through my hair and pulled me in for a passionate kiss. Who can argue with a woman who knows what she wants? We kissed only briefly when Jacqui broke away and rather breathlessly asked me to wait while she got cleaned up a little.
After that kiss I really wasn't in the mood to wait for her, but I also know that where Jacqui is concerned a little waiting time is well worthwhile! She has this delightful habit of wanting to make herself as attractive as she can before we have sex. My blood had rushed down to my mid-section swelling my manhood anticipating Jacqui's re-appearance. As I paced back and forth in her living room, I heard the shower come on in her bathroom. WTF, I thought! She's carrying this a bit too far tonight. Usually, she puts on her makeup, brushes her hair out and finds something really sexy to wear, or not to wear, depending on her mood. Tonight, she's in the shower so I sit down on her couch to wait.
A few minutes later I heard her calling, "Honey, will you please bring me a couple towels?" I guessed she'd apparently forgotten that little necessity when she got in the shower. I fetched some towels out of her hall closet and when I opened the bathroom door I couldn't help but peek through the shower door and see this beautiful woman slightly obscured, her wet hair falling over bare breasts and those smooth, sexy hips. I stood momentarily transfixed at the image I was watching. She apparently saw me watching her and asked me to bring in the towels. My assumption was that she was ready to get out and I was going to get an even better eyeful in just a moment. When I walked the towels over to her, she reaches out and grabs not the towels, but my arm and pulls me into the shower with her. "I want you! Get those clothes off!"
She didn't have to tell me twice! My wet clothes joined the towels on the floor and I stepped in the shower with her. I didn't think about it then, but thank God I always kept a few clothes at her house so I had something dry later.
I held her in my arms as the hot water cascaded over us, then we kissed. Jacqui's tongue was so insistent, exploring my mouth. I turned Jacqui away from me and took the bar of soap off the shelf to lather her breasts getting moans of pleasure from her.
She pushed me away and knelt in front of me, holding my cock in her hands. She looked up at me, and started to stroke it up and down, making me groan. It was almost hypnotic and so sexy, her looking at me as she stroked my erection. When I felt the tip of her tongue teasing the tip of my cock, I nearly lost myself in my pleasure. I brushed her wet hair away from her face so I could watch her as she kissed and opened her mouth a little wider until the whole head was in her mouth. My knees nearly gave out with this minx consuming me. It was all I could do to stand! Her tongue swirled around the tip of my cock making me continue to groan.
Jacqui sucked more of me into her mouth as I held her head trying to push deeper into her mouth. When I was feeling like I couldn't stand another second without coming in her mouth, she pulled away and stood facing the shower wall. She spread her legs as far as she could and quietly said, "Fuck me!"
I bent my knees slightly so I was in line with her and pushed myself deep into her! Between the hot water running over us and how wet she was inside, I couldn't last long. She felt so damn good! We'd never done it either from this position or in the shower before. Every time I plunged deep inside her, she pulled at me with those vaginal muscles, leaving me totally breathless! Jacqui came first with me shortly behind. I'm glad she lives in a house rather than an apartment or people could have heard us from several units away. We sank to our knees and held each other close as the water washed us clean.
When we caught our breath and Jacqui had managed to turn back around, she whispered in my ear, "See why I asked for two towels!" We both got a case of the giggles and couldn't stop laughing.
We finally did though and dried each other off. Jacqui sat on her bed naked, watching me dress to go home to Michelle. When I was ready, we kissed and I told her we'd see each other in a few days, at least on Friday for square dancing.
When I returned home to Michelle, she was in bed, sleeping. I woke her up with a kiss, letting her know that I was home. After I undressed and climbed in bed with her, she commented how nice I smelled. I told her I'd showered, a very nice shower! She grinned at me saying, "I'll just bet it was!"
ooOoo
We both went to sleep snuggled up to each other. In the morning after Michelle had showered, she told me that she'd talked to Shaun last night and he asked if she'd have dinner with him tonight. He said he wanted to fix her dinner so she could meet his daughter for the first time. I guess she was asking my permission, which I readily gave her, telling her I wanted her to enjoy her evening.
After that, I was curious what she'd wear. She didn't disappoint with a very sexy pair of lingerie, but wore her normal business attire over them. When she was leaving, she told me she might do a little shopping during lunchtime.
That evening I popped a dish of frozen lasagna in the microwave for dinner. I LOVE lasagna! My thoughts never wavered too far from Michelle though, wondering about her evening. She said she was meeting Shaun's daughter, so I presumed that nothing but a nice dinner would happen if she was there. While I waited, I sat at my computer, working on this story.
It was about ten thirty when Michelle came home, still wearing the same clothes she'd worn that morning, but carrying a small bag. I asked her how her evening had been and she told me it was great. Then, she went in the bathroom to get ready for bed.
When she came out, she was wearing a new nightgown, telling me, "I wanted to show you what I bought today. I think maybe Shaun liked it when I wore it for him a little while ago." She had on a purple, silk kimono, coming about to her mid thigh, loose fitting and flowing over her body. She slowly pulled the tie of the silk belt, so that it spread open and let it slip off her shoulders, showing the matching silk nightie underneath. The nightie had a split up the side just enough to show the straps of the bikini panties and had a black lace trim around the bottom. It just showed a hint of her bare nipples through the silk.
She walked over to me and said, "Shaun's daughter went to a friends to do homework. After she left, I excused myself to go to the bathroom, then changed into this. When I came out of the bathroom to the living room where Shaun was sitting on his couch, his eyes got big and a smile on his face. I walked over to him, pulled him off the couch, untied the kimono and slipped it off my arms and pulled him to me and kissed him like this." She brought her soft lips to mine, molded herself into me and I felt her tongue pressing its way past my lips as she pressed herself to me and gripped the edge of my face in her hands. I couldn't help but roam my hands all over her, trying to imagine what it would have been like for Shaun with my wife.
"Then, I led him into his bedroom, laid down and lifted my hips a little, asking him if he'd mind removing my panties. Wish you could have seen his face when he bent down and gripped the sides and slid them off my legs."
I can't even begin to think how to convey how much it turns me on, knowing how much another guy enjoys my wife and how much she enjoys him. As long as he's a good guy and I trust my wife enough to know that's the only kind she'd ever be with. And I think wearing a sexy gown like this is so much more intimate than nudity. I loved the thought that she'd worn it with him, even before I saw it.
"When he made love me with me, he took me to paradise!" Then she told me, "This was the first time I've been in his house, except Saturday when I really didn't see much. He has several pictures of his wife and she's very beautiful. He said they've been separated for a few months, but he's hoping she'll come home."
That was kind of reassuring to me, that apparently he didn't have permanent designs on my wife, but I hoped they could enjoy each other for a while yet. I was curious about one thing, "What about his daughter, what's she like?"
"She's living with her mom for now, but spends a lot of time with him. She's fourteen and seems really nice. She's a sophomore at Kennewick High School."
"Sounds like a nice family, why are Shaun and his wife separated?"
"I don't know, he hasn't said why. He does think it's just temporary though. They still have a good relationship and he's hopeful that she'll be back."
"What did he think about your little, ah, demonstration the other night?"
She grinned at that question, reminding her that she's now officially a stripper, "He thought it was fun, said he'd never been out with a stripper before." I could relate to that, I hadn't either before that night!
We made love and went to sleep, both of us wondering what our future was going to hold.