Where there was adoration in her eyes, they were now filled with fear. She was a gazelle about to bolt away. Her eyes were so big, I saw every blood vessel in them. Her panting of lust from kissing me moments ago was now filled with panting of a need to hide. If I had not had a hold of her, she would have run for the bedroom or to her car or somewhere away from here.
I grabbed her face and held it, forcing her to look into my eyes. She was already doing this, but they were glazed over. I said loud enough for the person or persons at the door to hear, "Be right there" which only caused Jen to try and force herself up off of me and bolt. I held on for dear life, forcing her to look at me. I then kissed her soundly, which caused her to moan and begin to try and tongue duel with me, but I had other plans.
When she was more focused, "Jen, we will stand up. You will then walk, not run, not scamper like a scared deer, walk to the bedroom. You will get dressed in what you wore over here. You will then join me back here in welcoming our guests. They are my friends that I invited over for some gaming fun and to introduce you. Understand?"
All I got was another tongue fest kiss with a lot of moans from her. She finally leaned back and helped pull me up. She then walked, walked bullshit, she sauntered to the bedroom, her ass was moving so much she could have given dance lessons. I couldn't stop looking at it. Especially when I saw the anal plug poking out of her panties. And she knew it when I saw her look back and blow me a kiss and chuckle a little.
I recovered myself and opened the door for my friends. She had closed the drapes earlier otherwise they would have seen two people making out on the floor. As it was, they saw a normal American dude and a house that smelled like someone had just cleaned it, which in part, we had.
Jen re-joined me a few minutes later and I introduced her to Kevin, Rahim, and Buvan, guys I knew from work who were nerds, like me, but were a little bit more on the nerdy side. Since they worked at the same company, the thought that they would then spread the word that I was dating Jennifer Warren, new engineer at the company, who was as hot as there is, was going through my mind, but I was cool with it. I wanted them and people at work to know of this. How her and I felt about each other. For the most part anyway. It would also help my nerd cred a little.
We soon retired to the basement, and we started yelling out different ideas on different subjects. That is what we do, we are in an argument about Doom-slayer and who the best character is, or we are saying who would win in a Star Wars vs Star Trek vs BSG battle, or who is the hottest movie star, and we are not only throwing out women in that list, for Cap is also pretty hot with all of those muscles, even I'll admit that.
Jen was swimming in deep waters, and she knew it, but I kept throwing her life vests and she was loving it. We laughed and played, and the night went by so quickly I hardly realized it. My soup was a hit with everyone, except Rahim, who can be ass about any type of soup not from his home country. I thought it was good, even Jen was astounded at my culinary abilities.
Around eleven, I kicked everyone out but Jen, five thirty comes way too soon and the next week was going to be hell as it was. Jen pulled me into a hug and deep kiss, "David, I so loved that. David and Jennifer are so a couple. And I loved it when we beat those pussies at Risk (Yeah old school board game but it still rocks). I could very much get used to this. But once again, you did something for me. David, I soooo want to do something for you. Please let me do it soon."
"Jen, every day you do something for me. You are you. You love me. You let me have fun with you. You let me see a goddess next to me. How can I repay that? I am trying."
She dragged me back to the bedroom and threw me on the bed, saying, "get undressed for bed, you will wear nothing. Your goddess has spoken."
I chuckled as she turned and walked into the bathroom. I got undressed like my goddess asked and laid in bed waiting. She soon returned in a negligee that left little to the imagination and crawled across the bed to me. She started kissing my legs and worked her way past my hardening cock up my chest to finally arrive at my lips where we kissed like lovers again. She broke free and said, "We need to sleep, but I want to do something before then. Please Master, let me do this. I want to thank you for today, for the owning of this body, for the time with your friends, for the fantastic food you made. I want to show some of that love, please let me." All I could do was nod my head.
She had me roll over and began giving me a massage. She started on my legs and slowly worked up to my back and shoulders. She moved on to my arms, finishing on my fingers. She then had me roll over and began again on my front arms, face, with a few kisses thrown in, head, shoulders, chest and then skipped my hardon to move to my legs and feet. She then moved back to my hips and then she devoured my hard on, deep throating it completely in the first go. I was pretty much so wiped from the massage; I did not react. She was on a mission though; she wanted my cum and wanted it now. From everything she had done, I knew I was not going to last, and soon I was shooting her mouth full of cum. She waited until I had finished, and she had sucked the remaining out, by pushing it with her hands along the shaft. She then looked at my barely open eyes and showed my cum in her mouth before swallowing it and showing me her empty mouth. She then crawled up to lay down on my chest, covering us both up. I fell asleep with a goddess on my arms and chest and thought nothing but how lucky I was.
Five thirty is the bane of my existence. I slowly awakened with Jen still laying on my chest. We appeared to not have moved at all last night. I had to do my normal, for the most part. I ran in and started my shower, taking a leak while I was waiting for the water to heat up. I then jumped in and scrubbed myself and my hair, I was done in my normal five minutes. Jumping back and reaching for a towel that was in my goddess hands extended to me while she sat on the toilet peeing. You ever have something happen in your day where you are going through everything normal and something is so different, so alien, that it takes you a second to register what you just saw happen in front of you. Yeah, I was right there.
After a second, the new part of my life registered and I got dried off and dressed. Jen followed me out to the kitchen; she knew I was always in a hurry because of my need to ride my bike to work and the need to get there by six thirty. It only takes me about fifteen minutes in the morning to get there on my bike, about the same time as driving. Look it up, you'll see that on average, your short commute can be done at the same time on bike. Now for those that need to go miles and miles, which I understood about the need for cheaper housing, but still not sure about that long of a commute, I realize they don't qualify for riding a bike. That would be stupid. Jen was cooking me a quick egg sandwich. She had it done and on toast in about five minutes and was handling it to me so I could wolf it down as I rode. She then kissed me soundly saying, "see you in a few. I'll get dressed and clean up a little then meet you at work. Remember I am giving you a ride home tonight."
"Yes Ma'am" I then kissed her soundly again and went to my garage and got my bike out. I had been eating my sandwich while walking out there, got to remember this is a possibility. I usually grab an energy bar from my supply, and as I was getting on my bike, strapping in, I finished it and took off. At work I dug in and went at it, doing my normal work until eight when the updates were going to be rolled out.
I was deep into working on the first one when I felt a soft hand on my neck and smelled something wonderful, Jen's perfume. Turning she had leaned down and caressed my face saying, "I love you David, so much" and then she turned and walked to her cubicle. Recovering, I went back to work. Around three, I was hip deep and knew I was going to have a hell of a week. If the problems on the update were constant for each person, then I had four hours per person of work to do over the next week, and we had over twenty people in my area, let alone those we worked directly with. I called my boss to inform her of what I had seen and my expectations for the headache and she began railing at IT. I said you can call them but don't look for much help or sympathy, it was a corporate rollout. She okayed my overtime and pulled me off of everything else. She said to work on her reports first, damn everyone else, and then work on the rest. The other departments should have been looking out for this and taken measures like she had with me. I told her I was going to leave at six, I didn't want to work twelve-hour days for weeks but was willing to work close to that. She okayed everything and gave me the go ahead for that. I then called Jen and told her what I had going. She said, "David, I have a plan if you are willing to help me work it out. I think it will help you and me and you will be able to get the work done. Okay?"
"Alright, what is the plan?"
"I'll tell you when we leave tonight, that way I can work some details between now and then."
"I'll see you at six then and we'll discuss your plan oh goddess."
She giggled and hung up.
Around six, I meandered over to Jen's cube. Being an engineer at any company now adays, you are expected, since you are salary, to work fifty hours plus a week. She was coming to grips with that, so her staying to six was going to become a normal for her. She took one look at me and closed everything down and got her stuff. We walked out to the parking garage, and I pushed my bike over to her SUV and placed it on top, latching it in place. She was sitting in the passenger seat, which I thought odd, but went with it. I climbed in and adjusted everything and took her keys and started the car.
"Master, will you please push your seat back a notch or two, I know this will cause some issue for reaching the pedals, but please."
Frowning some more, I did that, yeah it was difficult to reach the pedals but not impossible. I began driving to my home and Jen said, "Please drive to my apartment first, I'll explain once we get there."
I again frowned but not too much. I began driving to her apartment. Jen repositioned herself in the seat and took off her seatbelt, yes illegal, but I was not concerned too much because I figured out what she was going to do. She then reached over and unzipped my fly and unsnapped my pants, and pulled my cock out of its underwear, where upon she sunk down and began to give me another tremendous blow job.
I had difficulty with a new vehicle. Not really driving a car in months, years. Driving with the seat further back than normal. But I just smiled and concentrated. Jen was going deep on me repeatedly, trying to get me sucked dry by the time I got to her apartment. I pulled up at a stoplight and looked around. No one was paying attention to me, they may have seen a head bobbing on my crotch, but probably didn't. Then when the cop pulled up next to us on my side, I had to say something. "Jen there is a policeman next to us on my side, just thought you should know."
All she did was moan and begin crossing her legs like she was trying to keep from cumming.
She soon had me at the point as I was pulling into her parking lot for her complex. I stopped and shot my load into her mouth. I then put the car in park and recovered for a few minutes before looking down at my goddess. She was licking my dwindling cock and smiling at me, she then opened her mouth and showed me the cum before swallowing it. She then refastened and zipped me up, before leaning back into her seat.
"Master, if you will let me, I want to move into your house temporarily. I want to take care of you. I want to drive you to work and drive you home. Although the driving home may have you driving as I will be busy doing like I did just now. I want to help you with this work you have going and doing this will allow me to make sure you get to work safely and get home safely. Allow me to take care of you at home and allow me to show some of my love for you. Please?" When your goddess asks something of you, you move mountains. I nodded my head and was assaulted by Jen as she squealed and through her arms around me for a kiss. After a few passionate minutes we went up to her apartment and got her a few more changes of clothes, enough to last most if not all of the week. She asked me one question up there only. "Master, should I bring underwear or bras, or just camisoles?"
I knew where her head was going, and she was pushing me to decide for her how naughty she should be.
"Camisoles only all week and only the panties you will need for the rest of your period."
"Yes Master, so no panties then, since my period is over today."
We went to my house from there. Jen basically moved in and took over everything. She made supper and made sure I had everything I wanted including her. She stripped down upon entering my house and even ran out nude to get a bag she forgot in her car. She came back with her cunt dripping but smiling. She would give me a gentle caress or would give me a strip club lap dance if I wanted. I retired early, nine-ish because of the lack of sleep the night before. She met me in the bedroom and gave me another wonderful massage and mind-blowing blow job before I drifted off. I awoke to my alarm with her sucking my cock to get my morning wood and her morning cum allotment. We got ready, I hit the shower, she had showered last night while I was asleep. We then hopped into her car and off to work. And that is how the week went. Maybe some love making, the normal sex type, sometime in the middle of week once or twice, otherwise, my cock was buried in her mouth or throat at least three times a day sucking me dry.
I was loving this and so was she. She was serving me full time. She was showing both sides of her love to me, the passionate true love coming out when she was caring for me. The slut love when she was bobbing on my cock while I drove through town. I thought about pushing her button a few times during this, but I knew she would love it too much. That part was also giving her exhibitionist side an outlet. The cop pulling up next to us that first night, she later told me, was so hot, she had to keep from cumming by thinking equations while deep throating, to not break the no cumming unless I say so rule. Which was like pouring gas on a fire for her serving me side.
She was in heaven, and I gave her an outlet for all of her desires. Friday night came around and as we walked to the car, this time around seven, I told her that I may have caught up to where my department was almost done. I could probably go back to riding my bike in next week if that was okay with her.
"Master, that is great that you are ahead of your schedule. I hope I helped in some way to do that."
"Jen, it was all you. I would have been another week if you had not done what you did. I can't thank you enough."
"Master, then I need to move back home?"
This was asked kind of part whine and part this sucks. I chuckled at her. I had been thinking about that.
"Jennifer" my signal that I was talking to her, not the slut.
"Yes David."
"How much are you paying on rent and what bills do you have if you were to move out of that apartment and how much of the stuff in there is yours or was it furnished?"
"David it was furnished by the prior renters, they were kicked out for failing to pay and the owner just kept their stuff. I replaced the mattress and a few chairs. Other than that, which is not much, I have my clothes and a few boxes of mementos and such. I don't have a lease except a monthly one, the owner and I were waiting for the new year before signing anything longer. And since I started in there as an intern, I didn't know how long I was going to be staying in the area, so that worked very well for me. I have no other bills, internet and such is paid monthly, no contract. Why?"
"Okay, give your notice as soon as you can, we are moving you in with me this weekend, if you agree?"
Jen was bouncing again and ran around and jumped into my arms, before kissing me repeatedly. She then ran back and got in the passenger side of the car. I knew what was coming so I slid into the car, moving the seat back but stopped her before she could lean over. "Dress off now" is all I said.
Jen began bouncing with desire and began pulling her dress off of her and putting in the back seat. "Camisole off" that soon followed the dress and I saw dew on Jen's cunt. I knew she was very aroused from this.
"Okay, you may begin, but I want your knees on the seat, your ass pointing towards the door window. You will not stop until I cum or I tell you to look at something. I will be playing with you as we drive around a bit. You will not cum, understand slut?"
Jen was panting by this time. She was trying to keep from cumming by doing anything she could think of, even the equations in her head again. She latched onto my cock and began bobbing, getting it all into her throat and slurping it back up. I held her head a few times to slow her down. I then began reaching along her back until I could reach her ass. I placed first one then two fingers into ass hole and began stimulating her inner slut. Jen just moaned more around my cock. I drove until I got to where I wanted and stopped. I parked and enjoyed the view and the attention. I could reach further while parked and started finger fucking her cunt. She was dripping and moaning. I could make out the moaned word "Please" as she sucked my cock. I knew she needed release, but I was not willing yet.
I pulled her off of my cock and showed her where we were, the parking lot of the mall, a parking lot that was fairly busy for a Friday night. I had parked in amongst some cars, but people were walking to and from the mall near us. Jen squeaked and stared at me. I pushed her down on my cock and put the car in drive again. I then drove for a while further and stopped, you could hear the crashing of carts near us. I pulled Jen back up and showed her the grocery we used and the parking lot where again I had parked among some cars. The number of people had increased.
Jen was visibly shaking all over, I was pushing so many buttons on her right then, saying anything she would have had an impossible time not cumming. I pushed her mouth back onto my cock and drove to my house and parked. I had not cum yet because I was reciting equations as well. When I turned off the car, I reclined the seat and said, "pull down my pants and then climb on and ride me until I cum. You can cum once I have, not until."
Jen repositioned herself after pulling my pants down and my shirt up, so that her legs could have some leg room to hold herself up and put her hand on the roof of the car, she then slid her wet dripping cunt over me and moaned as it entered her. She then humped me as fast as she could in that position. She was sweating and so in need to cum, her lips were curled back, and she was concentrating for all it was worth to not cum until I did. I was close and it did not take much.
"You want to move in with me slut" I asked her.
"Oh God Yes Master. I want to be your twenty-four-hour slut; I want you to use me every hour of the day in every hole. I want to suck you dry every morning. I want to kneel at the door naked, and suck you dry when you get home. I want you to use me, push me like this. I love you. I love what you do to me. I need you Master more than I need anything. You own me, you can do anything you want with me. I will do it. Please let me do this Master."
"Well, I guess the determining factor will be this then. You have two minutes to get me off with your slut cunt. If you can do that, you can move in."
When I finished saying that Jen screamed out "YES MASTER" and went into hyper drive, she started riding me like a dirt bike on a bumpy trail. She was humping me so fast and hard, all I heard was slap, slap, slap. Truthfully it was a sucker bet. I was ready to shoot any second, but I held it for a few more seconds before rolling my head back and shouting, "I LOVE YOU".
Now, anyone driving past or looking at the car, would have noticed the up and down motion for what it was, two people humping. When Jen came with me, forget that. It was a five-car rollover action. The car shook and I thought it moved or hopped a few feet from where I had parked it. Her convulsions were almost so violent that I was afraid for her. Oh, by the way, car horns are inconvenient as hell. Her convulsions as she came caused her to lean back and honk the horn repeatedly. If the neighbors didn't know what was going on, seeing the car gyrating and the horn honking may have given them a clue.
Jen and I recovered, and the neighbors laughed. I awoke to Jen laying on me and breathing hard, she was out. I waited for a few more minutes till she became somewhat coherent. "Jen, honey, I know you are uncomfortable, do you want to get out of the car and go in?"
Nodding her head, she opened my door and climbed out and began walking towards my front door. Oh yeah, nude except for shoes. She got there and I stood up out of the car, pulling up my pants and sauntered over to the door. I opened it and let her in. She did not blink; she was so gone in happy land.
I then returned to the car and pulled out her clothes she had removed plus our stuff from work. I then went in and watched her mechanically going about getting something ready for supper.
I walked up to her and held her for a second. "Jen, were ordering a pizza. You go get cleaned up and meet me downstairs."
"Yes Master" with a kiss for me before heading for the bathroom. I chuckled and called my favorite pie place. The pizza ordered I got out the money and laid it on the table, still thinking about button pushing. When the pizza came, I told Jen to get the door, I'll get the money. Without even a blink she raised herself off of me, where she had been cuddling into my chest, and went up and opened the door to grab the pizza. The pizza delivery guy literally began to drop the pizza and Jen quickly grabbed it. I walked up then and handed him the money and tip to the stunned delivery dude and shut the door. I turned and Jen was back, she was trembling all over again, realizing what had just happened.
I took the pizza and leaned in and kissed her. "Jen, you may cum" and turned and walked away. She had an orgasm and dropped to the floor and shook. I watched while she recovered. I then went and helped her to her feet before returning back downstairs with her to continue watching the movie I had in. Once that was done, I swapped it with a video that I had recorded of Jen a few weeks ago. Before I played it, I asked her, "Jen, do you remember about what you asked for when you asked to move in with me. Twenty-four-hour slut. That was a sample of that. I want to show you something. I have watched this once or twice. I want you to look at this person. I will describe what I see, and you will do the same. Okay?" Jen nodded her head, and I played the video. It was of Jen when I told her she could cum only when I said, and that I could make her cum by telling her to. The commentary was:
"Who are you?"
"I am your slut, Master. I am going to be your three-hole slut. I have deepthroated your cock and had you give me a facial, I have also swallowed your fantastically tasting cum like a true cum slut. I have cum repeatedly on your cock when it was buried in my slut cunt. I came so hard I passed out from it. I am going to give you, my master, my virgin ass when you ask for it. I want to have you open up my slut ass and make me beg for you to cum deep in my ass. I will then clean that dirty ass juice covered cock that has owned my ass with my mouth, licking it completely clean, before begging you Master to do it all over again. I am your slut. I am you cum dump. I want you to fuck me anywhere anyway you want. I have just gone naked somewhere with my master and I am quivering with the need to cum from it. You make me so hot Master. Please let your slut cum dump, your worthless whore, cum by saying I can. I have not touched myself. All I did was follow your orders and I want, need to cum for you. I love you so much; you make me so hot. I need this Master, let your slut cum, please."
I let her stew for a second and then asked, "should I reopen the door so others can see you cum on demand? I just heard the people from the car that followed us in talking about what a bare ass slut you are. Should I call them back down here and let them watch you cum?"
Jen was visibly shaking, panting, trying to keep it together. Her breasts were bouncing up and down so much I was worried they were going to begin slapping her face. I did not reach for the door or call the folks I overheard. I just said, "Cum slut."
Jen convulsed so hard, she shot up on her knees and then slammed down on her ass, before falling over and almost hitting her head. Her cunt gushed and gushed out nectar. I just stood there filming this with my phone. She shook, rattled and rolled as they say. Her convulsions were causing her hips to bounce on the floor and her cunt wouldn't stop pouring out nectar. After a few minutes she had calmed down enough, she didn't pass out this time, she was able to lean up and say, "thank you Master. I love you." Before falling back over and pulling large breaths of air in.
I stopped the video with Jen laying in her orgasmic fluid, taking deep breaths, her tits were pointing straight out, and you could see how hard the nipples were. When I stopped the video, her cunt was in the middle of a post orgasmic flow and movement, and you could see deep into it as it was so open. Her legs were fuzzy on the screen because they were shaking so much. Her face was angelic, like she was in heaven, the look of peace and rapture was what marked it. Her slightly upturned nose over her pouty lips which were open in another moan from her mini orgasm she was experiencing. She was looking right at the camera with a fever and what could only be described as pure love. Whether of the moment or with the person holding the camera was open for debate.
"Jen, what do you see?"
"Master, no, David, I see me in love. I see myself being totally controlled. I see my loving that control over myself. I am almost a chained animal that is so in love with her controller, her master, that she wants nothing more than to do anything he asks. I guess that chained animal is me in most ways. I have a life that happened before I met you. But you have unleashed that animal and it wants nothing more than to be controlled by you. I see you fulfilling that animal's lust, her needs, and from that, the total undying love she is showing for you. I can't describe it any better."
"Thank you, Jen. I love you by the way." This caused Jen to hug me with so much strength I could hardly get a breath in. "Ugh, Jen, you are welcome." I said because I kept hearing a murmur from her.
"Love you, love you, love you, love you" over and over.
"You ready to hear what I see?"
"Yes David, my master." I could not let that go, I kissed her for a while and we soon both began breathing hard as our hands roamed each other's bodies. Finally breaking free, I held her face and looked long into her eyes.
"I see you. I see you as that animal, as you called her, and I see you as the love of my life. I see someone I can be with while riding a bike in the desert somewhere, and I see someone who is capable of amazing feats like answering a door in the nude. I see someone who I need to get to know better. And I want so much to get to know every part of her. I don't know if this is a forever thing, but I am willing right now to try and find out. I know I can ask for promises from you. But that will put you in a position where you may begin to fight yourself, which side of you made that promise. All I ask that you keep showing yourself to me every day as we walk this journey, and I will do the same."
"Jen, you owe me nothing. I owe you everything. Your love is something so special, I can't describe it to anyone yet. If I were to try, I know I would not get the full portion of it out in a description. Please let me grow with you to know that love, so that someday, I can then tell everyone of it."
Jen, tears on her face, smiling that wonderful smile she had for David, began kissing him with such passion. She knew then and there; she was not going anywhere else in her life without David there with her and she could not think of a better plan. David joined in the tears and together they began another life together.
Months later, their engagement announcement was met with not too much surprise, everyone that saw them together, family, friends, average joe on the street, knew they were meant to be together. They were married on a beautiful spring day with Jen's sister as her maid of honor and one of David's nerd friends as his best man. Today, they have a couple of kids and have moved into a new house. There are rumors that an occasional glimpse of a naked goddess running around the house, but no one cares. The couple are extremely happy and in love. Their kids are being raised in a loving house and everyone loves it when they show up, they are outgoing and helping anyone when they need it. What more could you ask for from a neighbor?
The End