My Girlfriend and I wanted a couple of days of relaxation, so we headed to a mountain resort and spa. There is nothing like being far from home, where everyone is a stranger, that brings out the exhibitionist in me. The resort was made up of a collection of buildings spread over a golf course. Our building had about 16 rooms over two floors. We were in a second floor suite, with a spacious bedroom and a separate sitting room that had huge glass sliding doors to a balcony looking out over a parking lot and some administrative buildings.
I have been with my girl for a couple of years, but have never let on about my exhibitionist fantasies. I have never really been brave enough to do anything too daring, and the last thing I want to do is make anyone unhappy or really uncomfortable. I just love being naked, and would love to show off a little bit, if I only had more confidence.
On our last day, she had a 90 minute massage booked in the morning, so I felt that would be my best opportunity to do something a little crazy. As soon as I was alone in the room, I opened the curtains and stripped down. Unfortunately, there weren't too many people walking around the area, since it would have been nice to stand in front of those big glass doors. However, I could hear the maids as they cleaned another room on the floor. There were two of them, one was a little heavy and around 50, and she was speaking spanish to the other, who was in her 20s and prettier. My mind started to race with the possibilities.
I didn't want to freak them out, and I was as nervous as I was excited, so I had to find a way to show off in a way that could be fun for everyone involved. I put on a pair of pale blue boxers, and noticed that you could very clearly see my outline through them. I put on a teeshirt as well, thinking that it should make my intentions a little less overt. I was very excited, and could hear them vacuum the room next to mine. I waited for my turn, but when they moved on to clean the next room, they went across the hall. A little while later I realized that they seemed to skip my room, maybe they knew we were leaving that day, and were waiting for us to check out.
After a little while, when I had lost all hope of any excitement, I was startled by a knock on my door, and the maid announcing housekeeping. I checked in the mirror, my semi-hard outline as clear as day and went to the door. One last breath, and I swung the door open all the way. What a rush. I acted pretty cool, noticing it was the older woman, and wondering where the other girl had gone. I said that we would be leaving in a half hour or so, thinking maybe she could come back and I would have to time to think of another adventure, and a way to go a step further. She understood and turned to leave, having noticed me but without any real reaction.
As soon as she had left, I felt my heart racing. I wondered what she thought. I returned to the window to check if anyone was wondering by, and noticed two older women walking on the path coming toward the hotel. I could see they were going to head by my building toward the spa, so off came the tee shirt and boxers. I was more than a little aroused at this point, and walked right up next to the glass doors, and pretended to be looking for something on the dresser. I would have felt awkward looking at them, but If they looked in the direction of the building, or noticed the movement in front of the window, then they would have had a great view of me in my entirety from 50 feet away.
Not long after they were past, I heard another knocking at the door. My heart raced again. I put the boxers back on, and the teeshirt too. I hadn't had time to come up with a real plan, but I was a little more excited now, and that excitement was evident. I peered the the keyhole, and saw that it was the younger maid. I swung the door open wide again. She looked at me grinning, but she didn't look down. The other maid must have put her up to this. Maybe she just wanted to peek, maybe she had come on a dare, but she wasn't surprised.
She said sorry, and seemed about to walk away. I told her that it was no problem, and that if she wanted she could come in and tidy up a little bit. Besides, I said, I wouldn't be in her way as I was just about to jump in the shower for a quick rinse. She hesitated, but then she came into the room. I backed off and gave her a wide berth, and I went into the sitting room to collect the clothes I had shed, while she headed into the bedroom. I brought the clothes into the bedroom, far enough from where she was making the bed to cause concern, and plopped them down next to the suitcase. I took of the teeshirt, then glanced in her direction. She peeked at me, and smiled a little shyly. I smiled back as innocently as I could. By now I had a raging hard-on, but pointed away from her. I took off the underwear, and turned to make for the shower. I saw her looking at me, but turned my head quickly. I wanted her to be free to stare at me in all my glory. I started the shower, and climbed in. I was wondering what the next step would be, do I ask her to bring me a fresh towel, do I just cut the shower short and walk back into the room? Before I could do anything, she had finished making the bed. I heard her voice say "thank you," and I leaned out of the open shower. She was standing at the door to exit, and I smiled at her.
I said "no, thank YOU." She stayed for a second, looking in my eyes, and gave me a beautiful smile. Then she left the room.
I got out of the shower, and toweled myself off. Wow, that was exciting. Suddenly there was another knock at the door. I wrapped the towel around me, but not too tightly, so that it could come off by 'accident', and I went back to the door. Again I swung it open, as aroused as ever, and my girlfriend said "I forgot my room key."