I am an amateur inventor and a voyeur. I came up with an interesting way to do both at the same time. I have a niece who is a nineteen year old long haired blonde knockout but a little on the naive side. She stays with us during the summer and wears a skimpy bikini most of the day while she sunbathes on the patio. A few times, I could see part of her ample breasts while watching her basking on the patio. If you asked me, I would say she is an exhibitionist.
I wanted to see her beautiful tits but I just couldn't come out and say let me see your beautiful perky tits. A few times, she asked if I would put suntan lotion on her back, while her top was undone. My hand was inches from those beautiful 36 C breasts but didn't push my luck and go for them.
One day I was working on my computer down in the basement, which is also my workshop, and I came up with a devious plan. I was playing with a handheld document scanner and noticed that if I set up the colors to saturate, it created an outline of what I scanned and filled it in with vivid colors. Therefore, if I scanned my hand it looked almost like a color X-ray.
One day my niece came down to my workshop to talk with me and she notice the "X-ray" up on the computer screen and wanted to know what it was.
"Well Carrie, I am working on a new way to do mammograms that is less painful that the current way."
"Wow, uncle Bob that would be great, my mom says it really a pain to get a mammogram"
"Yes, I am sure it will be a winner, I should make a few bucks on it if I can get it perfected."
"Can I help you do anything Uncle Bob?"
"Why yes you can Carrie, I need a test subject to get the scans down right."
Carrie stammers, "You want to scan me, does it hurt?"
"Of course not, that's the point, it doesn't have harmful radiation or any pain involved."
"One thing, Carrie you have to promise, you can't tell anyone about my work, it's not protect by a patent yet.
"OK Uncle Bob, I'll keep it secret."
"Carrie, put your arm out I am going to scan it so you can see it's not painful."
As I slowly scanned her arm, the computer monitor showed the outline of her arm and colors started filling in slowly.
"There ... see it's not painful."
"Wow, that's cool Uncle Bob." As she watched, the colors fill in her arm outline.
"Are you ready to try your breast now?"
She responded hesitantly, "Well ... I guess so."
I practically drooled at the thought of holding those perky young tits. Just as she started taking her top off and one lovely perky long dark nipple came into view, my wife called down, "Carrie ... Bob, you ready for dinner?"
Damn, of all times. Carrie put her top back on fully and replied, "We're ready Aunt Carol and coming up.
Carol, my wife, asked Carrie, "What are you two doing down there in the basement?"
"Nothing special, Uncle Bob was showing me his computer"
I just looked at Carrie and expected her to "spill the beans" but she didn't.
Days passed before I could get another chance to try again. Carol was off to work and we were all alone for the rest of the day. I had set up a camcorder with a remote to record this eureka moment. Carrie came down to the basement dressed in short white shorts and a bright yellow tube top. As I readied the scanner, she was already removing her top without me even asking.
She almost seems too eager to show me her breasts. She really wants to show those beautiful tits off. I had her put her arms behind her back to force her tits out. The view of those lovely tits right there in front of me was mesmerizing. It was all I could do, not to just start fondling them.
"Carrie, I am going to put my hand under your left breast and begin the scan, are you sure you are OK with that?" trying to sound all professional.
"Sure Uncle Bob, I ... think I am ready. You sure it's not going to hurt me?"
"Carrie, I wouldn't do anything to hurt you or your beautiful breasts."
I held one of Carrie's partially tanned breasts in my hand, running the scanner over it slowly. As I held her left tit, I could feel her heart beat faster, as her long nipples began to harden. Tiny goose bumps were developing on her skin; was she getting aroused or just the effects of a cold scanner? They were so firm and her dark areola's were showcasing her large nipples. I just wanted to suck them right then and there, I was getting aroused at the thought of sucking those nipples.
My mind was running through all sorts of scenarios as I just held this perfect warm perky tit in my hand, I was frozen in erotic thought.
"Uncle Bob, ... you stopped scanning ... is anything wrong? ... you didn't find anything bad did you?"
Coming back to reality, another idea popped into my mind. "No, dear, nothing is wrong with your breasts, they are perfect. Matter of fact, can I document them as the test subject?"
"What?"
"I want to take a picture of them so you will get full credit for being the test subject."
"I guess so, it's for science." She said as if she was going to save the planet.
I took a whole series of pictures of her tits, top, side, and close-ups, especially her nipples. I told her I had to measure her nipples with my digital caliper, just to completely document the experiment. As I put the cold metal caliper on her nipple, it tightened; damn, its 2.15 cm long.
This was heaven, I couldn't have been happier at the results. You know us inventors; we have to get the scans just right. So we had several more "tests" over the next few days, God, I wanted to suck those nipples. How could I do that without taking it from science to pure lust?
I was doing a scan, when I said, "I need to scan of your nipple, differently, by holding it out and scanning."
I pulled her tit up by the nipple and slowly scanned it. She started squirming, causing me to pull her nipple harder. She slowly started moving her hand down to inside her shorts. She must have forgot that I was there and started rubbing her pussy and moaning.
Pulling her nipples was getting her off.
She gasped, "Pull harder Uncle Bob, pull harder ... I am coming."
Here was my 19-year-old tanned tight-bodied niece standing in front of me, fingering her pussy while I pulled her nipple. I put down the scanner and seized the moment to start sucking those long dark nipples. Taking each nipple between my lips then pulling back until they would stretch no more, all the while Carrie was moaning, "Make me cum ... Make me cum."
She unbuttoned her shorts and let them drop, giving her fingers better access to her pussy. With one final moan she tensed and came, her pussy juices were wetting her yellow panties, creating an ever-widening stain in her crotch.
Sounding all apologetic, "Oh, Uncle Bob, I ... don't know what came over me ... I am sorry if I ruined your experiment."
"That's alright Carrie; we may have to do that one again ... and again ... till we get it right"
"Remember it's for science, my dear, for science."