I'm in an open relationship. I've accepted it, and I'm using it to drive my husband horny. So horny that he gives up on his mistress, and we go back to just the two of us, if that's possible.
So I went to a birthday party with one of my fuck buddies, Philip, and ended up stripping and lap dancing for one of his room mates, Stan the birthday boy, who came in his pants. I was then stuck at the party, as he'd disappeared my dress and bra as soon as they'd come off. The party was pretty free spirited, but I was the only one dressed in just a thong and heels.
As the night wore on, and I got a little buzzed, people started leaving. Stan never came back out, and Philip said we should leave him to calm down.
Eventually it was just me, Philip and Kyle (the third room mate) and the three old school friends that Philip had been talking to. We were sitting around, with Philip and his three friends doing most of the talking, and me and Kyle mostly just listening.
Eventually Kyle said he was going to bed, and I was starting to think I should probably get dressed and call an Uber. Once Kyle had disappeared, one of Philip's friends, who I'd been calling Boy One in my head, said something about one day getting one of my awesome lap dances. He said he was sure he wouldn't cum in his pants.
Philip suggested everybody getting a lap dance before going home, which I thought was a joke, but they were all into it. Even Girl, which surprised me a little.
I sat there, probably looking stunned, as Philip moved their chairs into a rough circle. He had me get up, and said I could go around the circle, dancing for each of the four of them in turn.
"First," I said, "I'm the only one in my underwear, and I think that's unfair."
Part of me was hoping they'd cry off, but part of me was hoping they wouldn't.
Philip was almost immediately stripping down to his underwear, almost tearing his clothes off before sitting down. He patted his lap, expectantly, but I shook my head - I was going to wait for everybody else.
Slowly Boy One and Boy Two took their shirts off, trying not to look at each other. I watched them intently though. I also noticed that Girl wasn't getting undressed.
When both Boys had taken their jeans off, we all looked at Girl.
"Uh uh, no," she said.
"Oh go on," said Boy One, "she's been almost naked all evening."
"Yes," she said, "but that was her choice. I choose not to."
"That's OK," I said, "but no lap dance for you."
I started with Philip, as he'd been ready first. I sat on his lap, facing away from him, and ground away at him. I leaned back towards him, so he could get his hands around me, and they immediately went to my tits, pulling them up and away from my body. I like having my tits played with, and while I'd started to get turned on with Stan, that was a long time ago. I started getting turned on again. Moreso, even, as Philip knows what I like.
When the tune ended, I got up, and as the next tune started, I sat down on Boy Two's lap. His hands went to my hips, and I ground away on him with him guiding me. I put my hands behind my head, so the others could see my tits better.
Again, the tune changed, and I went and sat on Boy One's lap. He also felt my tits, kneading them together as I ground away on his cock. When the tune ended and I got up, I pointed to the damp patch on his boxers.
"Is that you or me?" I asked him with a grin, as I went back over to Philip.
"Is that a pistol in your pocket, or are you pleased to see me?" I asked him as I sat down, facing him.
As he started to answer, I grabbed him and kissed him, passionately. I was grinding away on his hard cock, with his hands on my tits, and his tongue in my mouth.
When I was done with him, I got up, and Girl said "fine, I'll do it."
We all turned to watch as she took off her dress, dropping it at the side of her chair. She was wearing sexy lacy red underwear, panties instead of a thong. More comfortable.
I pointed to her bra.
"Fair's fair," I said, and she sighed before taking it off.
She had nice sized tits. Large areolas, with nipples starting to go hard.
I went and sat on her lap, facing her. I held my tits and rubbed them against hers, and I could see her nipples getting really hard like mine. I put her hands on my tits, then kissed her. Not a "girls trying to get free beer" kiss for frat boys, but a real kiss, with passion. I slid backwards off her, then bent forward so I could gently bite each nipple, and I noticed she left her hands on my tits, even though she was just squeezing them.
She pulled my tits back towards her, I guessed for another kiss, and I put my hands on the back of her chair either side of her head to steady myself, sat on her lap and kissed her. I felt her hands leave my tits and slide down my sides, holding my hips.
When the tune ended, I stopped kissing her and went to stand up. I hadn't realized, but she had her thumbs in the waist strings for my thong, and as I stood up, she pulled it down. I grabbed at my thong, but it was too late, she was pulling it down towards the floor.
I tried to cover my pussy, but everybody had seen. I tried to stumble away and pull up my thong, but Girl didn't seem to want to let me, and as I stumbled, she managed to get it off one leg. I gave up, lifting my foot so she could get it off the other.
"Give us a twirl," said Philip, and I turned around so everybody could see my nakedness.
"You know what this means, don't you?" I asked. "Underwear off."
Philip was naked, quick as a flash, his cock pointing up at his belly as he sat down. I noticed Girl looking at it.
Boys One and Two reluctantly pulled their underwear down, Boy One leaving them by his feet, I'm assuming so he could make a quick grab for them or something.
I turned and looked at Girl. She shook her head. Fine, no dance for her then.
"Who's next then?" I asked.
"Me!" said Boy Two, so I went and sat on his lap, facing him. His cock was along my pussy, so I ground in little circles so it wouldn't slip in, and rubbed my tits on his face. He licked and bit at them, his hands caressing my bum.
When the tune ended, I got up and went over to Boy One. I could see Boy Two's cock was all wet with my juices.
"I guess I'm not going to be able to make you cum in your pants," I said, and bent forwards to lick his chest. My hand found his cock, and I pointed it to the side, stroking it slowly, as my tongue ran down his chest. I ran my tongue around his balls, and gently sucked on each of them. I could feel his pre-cum on my hand when I got to the top of the stroke, and he lifted my head up, looking at me. I knew he wanted me to suck him off, but I wanted to tease him into cumming to get back at him for being a bit of a dick about Stan. I turned my face to the side, and sucked his thumb into my mouth, running my tongue around it like it was a cock. I could feel him getting really hot, and I managed to let go of him just as the tune ended, leaving him panting for more.
As I wiggled my way over to Philip, I licked Boy One's pre-cum off my hand.
I was sure that Girl liked Philip, so I wasn't really sure what to do when I got to him. I stood in front of him for a second, weighing things up. Philip, however, took it out of my hands, and pulled me down towards his lap. I sat on his lap, facing him, his cock between us. He was pulling me closer, then he slid me away a little. He pulled me closer, and I felt his cock against my pussy. I looked at him, right in the eyes, and he pulled me onto it. It slid up inside me, filling me up. He was pulling on my hips, and I started grinding my clit against his pubic bone, slowly. It must have been obvious that I wasn't dancing on him, we were fucking.
It must have been more obvious when the tune ended and I didn't get off him. His mouth was sucking one of my nipples now, and I was holding his head to my chest as he fucked up into me. I felt my orgasm coming, and pulled his mouth off my tit, jamming my tongue into his mouth and holding him tightly as I started to cum, shaking.
Philip kept grinding away at me throughout, prolonging my orgasm, and I was still cumming when I felt his cock tense and swell, then he blasted his hot cum up inside me.
Everybody was quiet when I sort of came back into my body. They were looking at us, and I sat there, feeling Philip's cock inside me. Girl didn't look angry or disgusted or disappointed, like I probably would if somebody had just fucked somebody I was interested in infront of me, so maybe I was wrong and she didn't want him after all.
Philip helped me get up, and I put my hand over my pussy to try and stop his cum falling out of me onto the carpet. He leaned over and grabbed his T-shirt, giving it to me. I thanked him as I took it from him, and held it to my pussy while his cum fell out of me.
"Who's next?" I said, weakly, with a smile.
"Me," said Boy One, "I'm ready to burst over here."
I waddled over to him, and dropped Philip's T-shirt near enough so I could get hold of it, and straddled him. He held his cock up at me, and was sort of lifting his body up to me. He must have really been bursting with all of the teasing.
I started to lower myself down onto him, but then stopped and lifted myself up.
"Tell me I could have got you to cum in your pants," I said, grinning at him.
"Absolutely," he said, and I sat down on his cock, it going right up inside me.
He was trying to pump at me, and I told him to calm down. When he stopped wiggling around, I ground slowly against him, gripping him with my pussy, like doing kegels.
He put his arms around me, pulling his face to my tits, and groaned as he came inside me. I held him as he came back down, and when he slumped in his chair, I grabbed Philip's shirt and lifted myself off, adding to the cum already on it.
When I was done wiping up, I turned to Boy Two. He was obviously excited to be next, and was sitting forward in his chair.
"No," said Girl, "I want to be next."
We all turned and looked at her. Me especially, not really sure what she wanted. She got up, pulling her panties down and baring a shaved pussy as she did. I started to move towards her, but she was moving towards Boy Two. Maybe she liked him, and I'd misjudged her? I stopped and waited to see what was going to happen next.
She backed on to Boy Two's lap, reaching down and feeding his cock into her as she settled down. Her legs were outside his, but a lot wider apart than they needed to be.
"I've got a lot of catching up to do," she said to me, and leaned back against Boy Two, turning her head to kiss him. His hands went to her tits, and he was rolling her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. I noticed she wasn't moving, I'm guessing to stop him cumming immediately.
After kissing him for a minute or so, she stopped and looked at me.
"Can you help me out a little?*
I wasn't sure what she wanted, and I must have looked confused, as she said quietly, looking a little embarrassed, "can you help me get off?"
Now I knew what she wanted, I went and knelt between her thighs. I kissed her, right by her clit. I heard her moan as I put the flat of my tongue against her clit, and started licking gently in little circles. My hands were on her thighs, and my thumbs reached down near her labia, caressing her.
It didn't take too long before she started to move, grinding against my face and Boy Two's cock. I sped up, as I was in a race to get her to cum before he was finished. I felt his cock jerking inside her when he came, but she kept on grinding, and I kept on licking. I could taste his cum on her now, as I tried to get her to cum before his cock went soft.
Soon after, she started shuddering and moaning, and I knew we'd made it. I carried on licking until she was finished, and Boy Two's softening cock fell out of her, gifting me with a mouthful of cum.
I handed her the T-shirt, and she wiped herself down, then put her panties back on. And picked up her bra, putting that on too. I assumed the evening was over, and started looking around for my clothes. The last time I saw my thong, Girl had it, but as she pulled her dress back over her head, she said she didn't know where it was now.
Both Boys were dressed now, and I was asking Philip where my dress and bra were, and he said he didn't know, as "somebody" had been in his room. He told me this as he pulled his underwear up. Lucky bastard, I bet he knew where my clothes were.
I waited in the living room while he saw them out, and when he came back, I stood up.
He came and hugged me to him, his hands on my bum, pulling me into him. I could feel his cock was hard again, but I was trying to focus on the matter at hand.
"Do you at least have my bag?" I asked him.
He scurried off into the back of the house, and I grabbed at the GoPro he'd pointed out at the beginning of the evening. I turned it off, unplugged the USB battery and took out the memory card, then put it back.
When Philip arrived with my bag, I slipped the memory card in one of the slip pockets, then found my phone and called Dave. I woke him up.
"I'm sorry," I said, "it seems I've lost my clothes, so I didn't want to get an Uber - can you come and get me?"
He complained a little, but took the address from me, and said he'd be there.
"Right," I said to Philip, "any idea what we could do to kill twenty minutes?"
I grabbed his waistband, pulling him in to me. I kissed him passionately as his hands found my bum again, holding me tight against him. I pulled his underwear down past his hips, then knelt down in front of him and licked my lips as I got his underwear to the floor.
I took his cock in my hand, stroking it as I put my mouth over the head, then put my hands on his bum and slowly pulled him forwards until his cock went into my throat. I know he loves having his cock in my throat, and I let him just pump in and out of my throat until he stopped, with my forehead against his stomach, and the throbbing let me know he was cumming in me again.
He slowly pulled out, and pulled his underwear back up. He bent over and kissed me on the forehead, then went and found his jeans, putting them on too.
I kept thinking he'd "find" my clothes, but my phone beeped with a new message, and I looked at it.
"Dave's here," I said, grabbing my bag. "Want to walk me out?"
"I don't think I want to meet your husband, to be honest," he said, as he opened the door.
"Fine," I said, steeling myself for the walk of shame out to the car. "We'll talk later."
I wasn't annoyed at him, I was just tired now, and looked forward to getting home.
I walked out of the door, and he stood there watching as I headed to the car. Dave, being Dave, hadn't parked right out the front of the house. He'd parked under a street light, so I took my heels off and hurried over as fast as I could in bare feet. I yanked the door open, and tumbled in, shutting the door behind me.
"Good morning," said Dave, grinning at me.
"Good morning," I said, grinning back at him. "I'll tell you all about it later, but I'm pretty done in now, so can we just go home?"
He pulled away, and turned the car around so we could head home.