I called Dan and suggested we could grab a pizza. I really wanted to play, too. When I got there, we haggled about what we wanted on the pizza, and he called and ordered it for delivery.
I was only wearing jeans and a T-shirt, Dan said he thought I looked over dressed. I think he meant I had too many clothes on, so I took off my sneakers and socks, then my jeans and T-shirt. He waved at me, so I started to take off my bra when there was a knock at the door. The pizza delivery guy was here!
I was standing there in just a pair of white lacy boy shorts, and he gave me a twenty. I took it and headed towards the door, with him following me.
"I want change, and act like this is perfectly normal," he said.
I took a deep breath and opened the door, pretending that I was fully clothed, so not covering my tits. The guy standing there with the pizza box almost dropped it when the door opened and I bent down and caught the edge of the box, taking it from him.
I handed him the money, and he slowly counted out the change in my hand, not taking his eyes off my blushing chest. I said thank you and closed the door.
"No tip?" said Dan.
"You wanted change!" I said, and he said something about them not wanting to come here again, despite me opening the door almost naked.
"Quick, or you'll miss him."
Fuck! I ran down the stairs, trying to hold my tits to me, calling out "excuse me!"
I managed to catch him outside, just as he was getting into his car and gave him a couple of dollars as a tip.
I ran back up the stairs, and to the door. It was locked! I gently knocked, and nothing. I started banging on the door, and he let me in just as his neighbor across the hallway opened his door.
He closed the door and we went back to the living room.
"Where were we?" he asked "oh, right, you were over dressed."
Still? I pulled my boy shorts down and sat on the floor by the coffee table with the pizza.
We sat and ate pizza, and talked about my latest argument with Dave. I said I wanted to have a few drinks and stay the night.
"I don't have any wine," he said. "We could go and get some."
We finished the pizza, and I started to get dressed. When I reached for my jeans, he said "it's a nice night, you don't need those."
When I picked up my T-shirt, he said "Also no."
That left me in boy shorts and a bra.
"Can I at least wear my sneakers so I don't hurt my feet?" I asked.
I put on my socks and sneakers. If you didn't look too hard, it probably looked like I was dressed for the yoga studio or something. People were looking at me funny, but luckily there weren't a lot of them about.
When we got to the 7-11, he sent me to find a bottle of wine and went and picked up some chips. We met by the register, where an older cashier was staring at me.
"After you," he said. I put the bottle of wine of the counter.
"$7.95," said the guy at the register.
Dan and I looked at each other.
"You know I don't have any money," I said.
"Well that sucks," he said, putting the chips on the counter.
"$2.99," said the guy at the register. He paid and put the chips in a bag.
"Can you buy me the wine?" I asked.
"Why would I do that?" he asked.
"I'll make it worth your while," I said.
"What are you suggesting?" he asked.
"When we get back to your place..."
"But we're here, now. What will you do for me here, now?" he asked.
The guy at the register was watching us very carefully.
"I'll let you rub my tits?" I said.
"I don't know that that sounds like $7.95," Dan said. He asked the guy, "would you pay $7.95 to rub her tits?"
"Yes," the cashier said. I didn't want this old guy touching me.
"No!" I said. "OK, I'll let you kiss my tits."
"OK," Dan said, and paid the guy. He put the bottle of wine in the bag, and I started for the door.
"I said here, now," he said.
I walked back over to him. He stroked my tits, kneading them gently and pressing them together, and pinched my nipples until they were hard and sticking out noticeably.
"Take your top off," he said.
"I don't want to," I said.
"OK, I'll suck them through your top, and it'll be wet and see through all the way home," he said.
"Can't we do this at your place?"
"I said here, now, and you agreed," he said.
"You did," said the guy at the register.
I could see I was stuck here, so I pulled my bra up. He took it off and took it from me.
"And pull down the bottoms," he said, "or you'll never learn."
"No!" I said.
"The bottoms, or I'll give your bra to this nice gentleman right now, and you can walk home topless, by yourself," he said.
I tried to hide from the guy behind the register, or anybody coming in the door.
"Here, now," he said.
I quickly slid my boy shorts down my thighs and covered up as best I could.
"Put your hands on your head, shoulders back," he said, "you have a great body."
"Doesn't she have a great body?" he asked the guy behind the register.
"She does," he agreed, nodding.
It was sweet of them to say so, but I'm not happy with the extra bit of fat I'm carrying. I also didn't want to be appraised in a fucking 7-11.
I closed my eyes and put my hands on my head. I was just so embarrassed, I must have been blushing down to my toes. Dan sucked one nipple, and then the other. God, this was turning me on! I think I may have even moaned, just a little. He ran a finger through my slit, and I definitely moaned a little. His finger was wet with my juices, and he put it in my mouth, so I sucked it clean.
"There you go," he said. "Shall we go now?"
I yanked my shorts up, and grabbed my bra from him, pulling it on. Dan reached over and played with my tits again, and we started the walk home.
We hadn't got very far when I stopped walking. He stopped too. I knew I was going to regret this.
"Can you suck my tits through my bra, so it'll be see through like you said?" I asked, quietly.
"Really?"
"Yes," I said, "you said that and I can't stop thinking about it."
He sucked my nipples, getting them hard and my bra wet so their pink outline could be seen through my top. The air on them was going to keep them hard, too.
"I also said about you walking home topless, by yourself," he said, grinning.
"I'm not there yet," I said, putting my arm through his.
We passed a few people on the way back, and a couple of them made rude comments. Dan said something about stopping at the bar for a drink, but there's no way I wanted to do that dressed like this.
When we turned on to his road, I stopped again. I was still turned on by everything that had happened, and wanted to push myself a little further. I took a deep breath, then took off my bra and handed it to him.
"By myself," I said, and started walking.
There was nobody about to see me, but this was still scary. I'm glad Dan was behind me. He came right up behind me as I got to the door to the building, and stopped me opening it. The light there has been broken for as long as I've known Dan, so it was dark and secluded.
He kissed me deeply, and said "bottoms."
I asked him why, and he pointed out that I'd run naked up a flight of stairs before, so this was like that, just a little bit further.
I hugged him and said "OK." I pulled my boy shorts down, stepping out of them carefully. I gave them to Dan and went for the door handle, but he held it shut.
He pushed me up against the door, and we kissed passionately. I held him tight with one arm, and reached down and pulled at the buttons for his jeans with the other, pushing them down and getting his cock out. God, I was wet now! I lifted myself up, he bent his knees and I lined his cock up with my pussy, lowering myself on it. He fucked me up against the wall until we both came.
He went to use my boy shorts to wipe clean, but I said "No," and knelt down and cleaned him with my mouth as his cum dripped out of me. It's the first time I've done that, but I've tasted me, and him before. It wasn't so bad. I knew he'd enjoyed it though.
He opened the door and the lights came on in the hallway, and we walked up the stairs. We stood by the door as he found the keys, then we went in.