This is a free-use story set to a detective story. Check part one if you want to follow the plot. If you're not into the free-use/free sex theme, probably not your cup of tea. I have the rest outlined to completion, but not yet written. Let me know if you folks like this story. If you're not diggin' it, I have plenty of other work to pursue/finish. Thanks! Hope you enjoy.
DAY TWO
The desk sergeant greeted Mark when he entered through the front doors at 8 a.m. "Madam Lillian Weston has been waiting patiently in reception since seven o'clock this morning,"
Mark, eager to speak with the victim's mother, promptly went over to the fifty-something lady who was sitting on a bench in the corner of the reception area. She had deep red lipstick and dark blue eyeliner. Above her dyed blond hair was a white, lacy hat. She certainly looked the part of a rich heiress, but her face was currently stuffed with the cock of one of the patrol officers. He was likely off duty, as he'd unbuttoned his shirt completely, indicating he was out of uniform.
"Madam Weston?" asked Mark.
The middle aged women shifted her eyes up and to the left, catching sight of Mark. She mumbled a 'yes' while the cock began to pump faster into her open mouth. Obviously, the patrolman understood that he needed to hurry up, or bail without finishing. He chose the former and quickly pulled out and beat on his cock, ejecting a substantial load of cum all over Madam Weston's right eye and cheek. Some even got on her lips.
Madam Weston look at the man and gave a quick nod. "All good?" she asked.
"Yes, ma'am. Thank you."
"Okay, young man. Go on, now. I have business to attend to." She turned back to Mark. "Are you Mister Livingston?"
"Detective," he said offering his hand. "But you may call me Mark." She shook his hand and then reached for a handkerchief from her purse, taking a moment to wipe some of the oozing liquid from her face.
"Detective Livingston, it's urgent we talk."
"Of course," said Mark. "My deepest condolences for the loss of your son, Lance. We are dedicated to help you and your family discover exactly what happened."
"That's just it," said Lillian, standing up now. "I think my family may be involved." She adjusted her clothes and followed Mark back to the conference room. Just as they were sitting down, Amanda walked in. Mark quickly introduced the two.
"Okay, why don't you start from the beginning," said Mark, as Amanda positioned herself across from the victim's mother. Mark leaned against the corner of the table closest to the victim's mother. "Tell us what you know, or at least what you think you know."
"I know that bitch girlfriend of Lance's doesn't deserve his fortune."
"Excuse me?" asked Mark. "His girlfriend inherits everything?"
"Yes," said Madam Weston.
"Well, how do you know that?" butted in Amanda. "Certainly the will hasn't even been read yet."
"Because he told me. Months ago. I begged him not to do it, or at least not to let her know he was doing it, but it was her idea... to protect him, they said."
"Okay...," said Mark, waving his hands. He stepped closer to Madam Weston, hoping to comfort her. "Maybe we should go back a bit more. Protect him from what? How was Lance leaving his entire fortune to his girlfriend going to protect him?"
"From his father," said the older woman. "...his estranged father."
"I'm not getting this," said Amanda.
"What most people don't know is that the Weston family fortune is actually more my family's than my husband's. You see, the Weston Company was founded by Arnold's - Arnold is my ex-husband and L:ance's father - anyway, it was started by Arnold's grandfather, Thomas Weston."
Amanda was writing everything down as the woman spoke.
"But my father, Archibald Peterson, who worked for the company for some time, bought the Weston company decades ago, when they were going through financial difficulties. It was after the war and they lost several big government contracts. Fortunately, my father had come into some money through some savvy stock purchases and literally saved the company. He bought up all the stocks, privatized the company again, and floated the place until they started winning more contracts. Anyway, our family stayed close with the Westons and well, I'd grown up with Arnold and we fell in love. After we married, Arnold took on the role of CEO, managing the company. He certainly bore the company's original name, but I owned it, as it was given directly to me by my father over twenty years ago."
"Go on," said Mark. "That's the backstory. What led to the estrangement between Lance and his father."
"I discovered Arnold embezzling money. Why? We didn't want for anything. We ousted him from the company and I secretly handed all assets to my son. I filed for divorce a year later. Now, Arnold gets a pittance in alimony of what he would have gotten had I still controlled the company. Ever since, he's been conniving ways to get back in."
"How does this relate to Arnold's girlfriend?" asked Amanda, beating Mark to the question.
"Arnold came back into Lance's life. Tried his best to heal old wounds. He was never a good father when we married and it got worse after our split. For some time, he refused to even acknowledge Lance. They didn't speak for ten years."
Mark was deeply enthralled with Madam Weston's testimony, but her demure red lips sparked a reaction in his crotch. He politely unzipped his pants and pulled out his stiffening rod, stroking it as he edged nearer to the woman. Flattered, she smiled as she continued.
"It was Arnold who introduced Lance to Rachel. Rachel McPhearson. Within six months they were engaged. But in that time, Lance's father managed to blow their relationship up again. Something over some money that he borrowed from Lance, I didn't get the whole story. Lance refused to tell me exactly what happened."
"And being that Lance's father knew Rachel... that played no role in Lance's decision to leave his entire fortune to his fiance?" Mark began stroking faster as he asked the question and shifted his direction even closer towards the grieving mother.
"Obviously," she retorted. "Lance insisted Rachel hated his father as much as he did. Would you like to cum in my mouth?"
"In just a minute," said the detective. "You think Rachel and your ex-husband are somehow in on this together? To get Lance to will everything to Rachel and then have Lance killed?"
"Yes, detective. I really think Arnold could be that evil. To have his own son murdered."
"His own son?" breathed Amanda. Mark hadn't noticed that Amanda had unbuttoned her blouse and taken out her breasts. She was cupping them as she watched her partner beat off near Madam Weston's face. Amanda always enjoyed watching Mark stroke his thick shaft, and she couldn't wait to see him reach climax. Mark's first orgasm of the day was often surprisingly hefty. It's like his balls went into overdrive overnight, swelling up with that sweet sperm of his. Amanda thought Madam Weston was starting the day as best one could considering the circumstances. Amanda could tell Mark was getting close.
"Ma'am, would you mind pulling your breasts out?" asked Amanda, now catching the attention of the two. "I'm sure it would help expedite things as we continue on."
"Yes, of course," said Madam Weston, reaching into her blouse and lifting her breasts out. Though they had some sag to them, they were still quite full considering her age, thought Mark.
"Looks like we'll need to find this girlfriend of his," said Mark, as he began beating even faster.
"She'll be at the funeral day after tomorrow. You have my blessing to come." Madam Weston looked up into Mark's eyes. At first, mark thought that perhaps what she just said was a double entendre, but she opened her mouth confirming what she really meant.
Mark took one step closer, getting the tip of his cock to brush against the lady's bottom lip. Amanda sat up in her chair, eager to watch the display and just as expected, seconds later, Mark groaned loudly as he ejected a thick wad of liquid directly into the heiress' mouth. She swallowed as fast as she could manage as he continued to unload stream after stream of his manly juices. Amanda was almost jealous as she viewed the spectacle.
"Amanda, would you like some?" asked Mark, pausing to check his partner's status.
"You have MORE?" exclaimed Amanda.
"If you hurry. I can hold it for just a second."
Quickly, Amanda jumped out of her chair and rounded the table, sliding to her knees. Mark barely managed to thrust his cock into her mouth as he let out his final hoorah. It was a powerful load that splattered the back of his partner's throat, sending her reeling in pleasure. Mark's spunk always tasted so good to Amanda.
"How sweet of you to share," said the Madam, interrupting the exchange. "Very professional."
"Ma'am, we're on the case. We'll be at the funeral, too. Those who don't wish to be interviewed there can at least set appointments with us. We're going to get to the bottom of this."
"Speaking of going, we have a crime scene to re-examine," said Amanda. "That, and we'd like to start trying to track down your ex-husband, Arnold Weston."
"Good luck finding him," huffed the heiress. She jiggled her tits as she did.
"Don't worry about Mark finding him," said Amanda. "He's your man." She swallowed what was left in her mouth and stood up.
Mark put his clothes back on, while Amanda opted to keep her tits out.
"How about it?" he asked, looking at his partner. She nodded at him. Mark looked back at the victim's mother one last time. "We'll be catching up with you. Thank you for your statement today."
"Of course," she said, getting up from her chair. "I'll be seeing you again soon."