"You might want to bring that top Sharon was wearing when we first met. There's a competition tonight that I think she would win!"
I had only been awake a few minutes when Dan's text came through. Sharon was asleep beside me; the sun shone behind the closed curtains, gently illuminating the bedroom of our holiday cottage. The clock read 09:35; we never slept in that late at home.
Sharon and I were both still naked from the sex we'd had after Dan and Matt had left last night. She had been insatiable, and it was without doubt the best fuck I'd ever had. Despite that release, I was still wired with arousal from the memories of her exhibiting herself so freely yesterday. Every beautiful moment of her showing her tits to our appreciative new friends was seared into my mind as I recalled the events over again.
But Dan's text started my day with new possibilities. The pub he and Matt had told us about, The Raven, sounded like a pretty debauched place, and the message was clearly referring to a wet T-shirt contest, or something similar. That was a completely different scenario to an audience of two people we met on a hiking trail. My mind was anxious at the thought, but my cock stiffened under the bedsheets, and quickly the anxiety gave way to intense horniness as I imagined what Sharon would look like dripping wet and half-naked on a stage. The notion of combining my fetish for seeing her in see-through tops with an extreme example of exhibiting her to others became an irresistible, if trepidatious, fantasy.
How many people would be there? How would I react being in the crowd watching her?
I snapped out of it. Surely there was no way she would ever do such a thing. Then again, 24 hours ago I would never have anticipated last night happening.
I decided to text Dan back.
"Wet T-shirt contest?" I typed.
A few seconds later my phone buzzed.
"Yes. Thought you might like to know!" he replied.
"Thanks mate. I'll see what I can do!"
"Good luck!"
So, it was confirmed. Could I let the opportunity to at least try to make this happen pass me by? I decided to have no regrets when we returned home to work and parenthood. Anyway, the anxiety of it had now all but capitulated to the throbbing desire to have my wife cheered on to show her beautiful tits to a crowd of horny men.
Sharon stirred and reached out sleepily with one arm for me. I cuddled up to her and felt her breasts press against my skin. At their touch I thought of these same breasts being enthusiastically flaunted for the pleasure of the two men we had met only yesterday; and the possibility of taking this exhibitionism much further.
Sharon nuzzled her sleepy elfin face into my chest, her golden curls resting softly on my skin.
"Oh no." she muttered, awakening.
"What's the matter?" I asked.
She put her hand over her eyes.
"You know!" she groaned. "Yesterday!"
This didn't bode well.
"Yesterday you were so fucking hot and rightly enjoyed being the centre of attention, because we fucked three times afterwards!" I replied, honestly.
"I'm feeling embarrassed now though."
"Don't let judgments from our normal life get to you," I suggested. "Back home we're too tired and stressed for you to feel that sexy; but yesterday you had three men besotted by you. There's nothing wrong with owning that."
She nuzzled further into me.
"Tell me honestly you didn't enjoy being that woman who all the men wanted?" I asked.
She looked up at me with her big blue eyes.
"You know I did," she said gently.
"And I adored seeing you be so powerful and sexy."
"It was a turn-on," she admitted, "It's just a shock to my system now."
"We go home tomorrow and normal life resumes" I said, "Lets live for excitement this weekend and do whatever we want with the freedom."
"You're right," she said, smiling.
"But thank you," I said. "You let me experience a fantasy for real yesterday and not everyone gets to do that."
"Even with them touching me?" she said, coyly.
"It's an exhibitionist fantasy for me, but that felt good at the time, and I loved all that happened. We don't have to label everything and stick to it. I adored seeing you take the fantasy and get even more flirtatious with it."
She kissed my chest.
"That should be our weekend motto." I continued.
"What's that?"
"If it feels good, do it."
"That could be dangerous!" She joked.
"It could also be a lot of fun."
I decided to move the conversation on.
"Are you looking forward to The Raven tonight?" I asked.
"I am, but I'm not sure if I've brought the right clothes for that kind of party."
"Why don't we have brunch and go out shopping?"
"That sounds nice."
"I'll buy you anything you want, as a thank you for yesterday."
"You don't have to thank me," Sharon half-whispered.
Something about the way she said it sent shivers through me.
"That makes me even happier," I said. "And I definitely want to treat you now."
After brunch we drove about 45 minutes to the nearest large town. We walked with our arms around each other and browsed a few shops. None of them had anything that Sharon liked, until we spotted a more alternative looking clothes store.
On entering the shop, it was clear that this was exactly what we were looking for. An attractive young goth woman was at the counter; a couple were browsing the clothing on one side; and on the other a guy was checking out a rail of t-shirts. Pretty much everything in the shop was black.
Sharon immediately found a skin-tight pair of black jeans that she loved; and then rushed ecstatically, jeans in hand, to pair of knee-high black suede boots.
"I love them!" she gushed, her face beaming.
She marvelled at the dainty toe which tapered to a rounded point. The heel was high and chunky.
"They would go great over those jeans" I said.
Sharon has her own money and can buy herself whatever she wants, she certainly doesn't need my permission, but I really wanted to treat her.
"I told you," I said, "I want to get you whatever you want."
At this point something caught my eye. It was a long-sleeved top made of acrylic string that resembled netting. The holes of the netting were about an inch square.
"Those boots and jeans, a black bra..." I started.
I held up the netted top.
"And this!" I declared proudly.
Sharon took the top from me and nodded.
"That could work." she nodded, and then laughed at my excited face.
"What?" I said indignantly. "It's a sexy look."
"It is." she agreed. "I'll try it on."
I followed Sharon towards the changing room. We passed the guy who was checking out the rail of T-shirts and I clocked him giving Sharon a second glance.
The changing room was at the end of the aisle of T-shirts and comprised a small cubicle with a curtain that pulled across it. Sharon stepped in, and I followed her.
"What are you doing in here?" she asked.
"I just wanted a kiss."
She kissed me and then pulled away.
"There's plenty of time for kissing later. Shopping is serious business!" she joked.
"I've got an idea," I said.
Before she could respond I took the hangers from her and put them on the hook that was affixed to the wall of the cubicle where the curtain pulled shut.
She looked at me quizzically, but before she could say anything the bell above the shop door rang, followed by the sound of it closing. I peeked around the curtain into the shop.
"That couple have just left," I whispered, "It's just that guy browsing T-shirts outside the cubicle."
"Right?"
"Let him see you topless."
"What? How?" She sounded confused, but I noticed that she didn't outright refuse.
"I've put the clothes on the hook where the curtain draws closed. I'll leave the cubical. You undress behind the curtain, and then get the clothes from where the curtain is open. Then that guy will have a perfect view of your gorgeous tits."
"I don't know..." she started.
"It would be an exquisite little reprise of last night." I encouraged.
As excited as I was at this idea of getting to see my wife expose her breasts to strangers two days in a row, it occurred to me that this was also a perfect way to test the water for tonight. But that thought quickly subsided to the immediacy of my arousal for wanting her to be shown off right now.
"Do you really want me to?" she smiled coyly. I suspected that a part of her wanted to as much I did.
I decided to minimise any nervousness or resistance she might have.
"It could be just for a second. You've got control of the curtain, and you could back out completely. I'd understand."
Sharon laughed.
"If you really didn't have your fill of me showing my tits to other men last night, I suppose I could consider a quick flash."
My chest pounded and swirled with jealousy and horniness - the latter quickly abating the former; the now familiar sensation of fantasy becoming real. In this moment nothing occupied my brain other than my desire for her to do this.
"Wow, you really want this," she said, smiling at my excitement.
"As I've always said," I replied, "only if you do."
She smiled and then looked down at her blouse as she started to unbutton it.
"After yesterday..." she undid another button "it couldn't hurt to see how we both feel about it in the cold light of day."
She undid the last button.
"You want other men to be turned on by me?"
I nodded. "How could they not be?"
She took off her blouse and looked stunning in her jeans and bra.
I was dumbfounded that yesterday might not be a one-off.
Sharon peeked around the curtain.
She tiptoed slightly to whisper in my ear. "Wait for me at the back of the shop."
She kissed me deeply and then pushed me gently towards the opening of the curtain.
I left the cubical and suddenly felt conscious of my throbbing cock. I hurried to the rear of the shop and could see that this position put the shopping guy between me and the cubicle. I adored that Sharon wanted me to have the best view of both the exhibitionism and the voyeurism. She knew so well that both parts were important to my kink.
The curtain was still open a couple of feet, and the guy was only about ten feet away from it, with a direct line of sight. He'd already clocked it not having been closed, and occasionally glanced up at the opening. I didn't blame him at all and loved that he was keen to see her. Hopefully, he would get to.
The anticipation was delicious as my arousal swirled through me. But it was tempered with reality; the hiking trail was a whim, and last night became slightly alcohol fuelled. This was in a public place in the middle of the day.
As the seconds ticked by, I began to lose hope. She must be behind the curtain getting cold feet. She had removed her blouse already, all she had to do was unclip her bra. I resolved not to show my disappointment to her. Besides, watching her revel in being topless yesterday for Dan and Matt would last me a lifetime.
Then I saw the curtain twitch as she opened it a few more inches. The sound of this was enough to make the shopping guy (as I had now named our potential voyeur) look up. And then she stepped into view.
It was all I could do to stifle an exhalation of pleasure as I saw her. Shopping Guy stared, transfixed.
She had removed not just her bra, but her jeans too, so that she revealed herself only wearing her pink cotton panties. She knew that she was going to be watched and this is how she wanted to be seen. I felt precum moisten my cock as I appreciated how she wanted to make sure she turned on this stranger, and her husband, by showing us more.
As with yesterday, I beheld her body as if for the first time. I vicariously experienced the view of the stranger she was exhibiting herself for.
Her toned legs stepped forward to the clothes hooks by the open curtain; her tight curved arse flexed beautifully as she did so. Her taut stomach and slender ribs on her petite frame accentuated her firm naked tits. Her gorgeous retrousse breasts were now surely the focus for both us men, and they swayed slightly as she moved, her nipples stood upright and erect. I now noticed how much harder her nipples became when she was showing herself to others.
I momentarily switched my gaze to the man she was exposing herself to. My cock throbbed to see him drinking in every second of my wife's stunning half-naked body. To see the angle of his gaze fixed on her exquisite tits; me knowing the arousal she was willingly provoking in him. A sight most men jealously constrain for themselves only, but here was I rock-hard at my wife being a willing object of lust for a stranger.
She reached for the clothes on the hanger with her hand that was furthest away from us, so that we had an uninterrupted view of her breasts in profile. Instead of removing the clothes straight away she paused, holding them up to look at them. A new surge of pleasure coursed through me as I adoringly appreciated the extra moments of exposure that she lingered in. I noticed that her skin became "goose bumped", and this caused her tits to tighten further, and tiny visible bumps formed around her areola. Clearly she was turned-on and excited, and I felt weak at the thought.
She then turned towards us, not making eye contact, still playing the role of being accidentally seen. For a second she was full-frontal to us, a new perspective on her boobs and slender waist for the besotted looking Shopping Guy. She then continued the turn and closed the curtain behind her. The show was over.
I quickly picked up a random T-shirt and looked at it, just as I saw Shopping Guy turn in my peripheral vision to see if I'd been aware of my wife's nakedness. I feigned ignorance. All the while I was wondering how Sharon was feeling behind the curtain, and if my erection would ever subside.
My phone buzzed.
It was a text from Sharon: "I hope you enjoyed me. Do you think he did?"
I typed back, my hands shaking from the excitement that had not yet subsided.
"You were stunning. He was transfixed. So was I."
"Good" she typed back. And then quickly after: "I hope I turned him on."
My arousal heightened at her words. She knew perfectly how to talk to turn me on even more, but I sensed sincerity, and that meant that despite shyness and nervousness, some part of her had been awakened that loved showing off her tits, and the power they had to arouse other men.
"Of course," I tapped back, "I could see that you did!". My heart was racing, somehow communicating by text was allowing us to take this further, to be more direct. I continued: "I loved seeing the effect your body had on him. He didn't take his eyes off you once."
"Do you think he'll wank about me later?"
This shocked me, I doubt that she would have spoken that aloud. I want other men to see her, and I want her to be turned on doing it. This showed that she wanted her body to induce total desire in them.
"100%" I typed back.
"I hope so."
"If you could have seen his face looking at you. There's no doubt."
"I wish I could have seen his face."
Then the messages stopped. I decided not to go into the cubicle to see her. For one thing, I wanted her to be able to bask in her experience; and for another I knew I'd have to fuck her right away and there was no possibility of getting away with that.
Shopping Guy left the store without making a purchase, and I knew Sharon would have heard the shop door.
I was relieved when she eventually emerged from the changing room smiling and looking relaxed. We shared an excited and intensely personal lingering glance, like we had a secret no one else knew about.
"I think we'll take all of these" she announced, holding up the tight black jeans, the boots, and (I was delighted to see) the string net top.
She then picked up a bra that had sheer black cups, save for a tiny dot patten in the opaque fabric, checked it for her size, and said "and this."
"Of course," I agreed.
We kissed, and I went to pay.
After the shop we went to a pub opposite for a quick drink; just the one because I was driving, and we were going out later. We found a quiet booth and sat opposite each other, holding hands over the table.
Sharon smiled knowingly, "are you enjoying your weekend away?"
"It might just be the best weekend of my life." I replied.
We both laughed.
"Might?" Sharon retorted, still grinning.
"Fair enough, without doubt the best weekend of my life. Thanks to you." I said, with total honesty.
Sharon gazed into my eyes.
"It might be for me too".
The atmosphere felt serious for a split second. The "might be" for her was justified and more than I could have wished for.
"I'm so lucky" I said, "I've got the most beautiful wife who has literally made my dreams come true."
"Your fantasies, you mean?" she said, smiling.
"It feels like both."
"You know," she began, and then hesitated. "Perhaps just for this weekend, but at the moment it feels very much like my fantasy too."
My cock jolted at her words and a surge of pleasure rushed to my heart. I grinned, and for once she didn't mock me for it.
"But I'm scared of it too," she added.
"You deserve to enjoy showing your body off" I said, my tone sounded more serious than I'd expected, but it was fitting.
"In that shop, stood there with just my knickers on, knowing that man was enjoying looking at me, and my husband craves for me to do it..."
Her words melted me, and I revelled in her pause to appreciate them.
She unconsciously looked down at her chest.
"...I felt electric." She fished for the correct phrasing but looked frustrated as if unable to find the words. "I mean, it felt like electricity flowing through my skin."
"I could see," I said. "I could see that you were either thrilled, or excited, or turned on, or feeling powerful, or..."
She stopped me.
"I felt all of those things," she said. "And it all came from knowing that someone was enjoying looking at parts of my body that most woman only show to one man at a time. But you want me exposed, to be looked at by others." She looked bashful for the first time since the shop. "And it felt wrong, but in a really good way!"
We both laughed and the atmosphere lightened.
I raised my glass.
"To feeling wrong, in a really good way!"
We clinked our glasses and drank.
"And like we said in bed this morning: if it feels good, do it."
A gentle smile crept from the corners of her lips and her eyes looked soft in contemplation. I sensed that she just might want to feel that way more often.
We got back to the holiday cottage with plenty of time to relax and get ready for 8:30pm when Dan and Matt would come over to collect us. Sharon was in the bedroom, and I lay on the sofa in the living room. I began to think that the conversation in the pub would have been the perfect time to mention the wet T-shirt contest, and that I'd blown the chance. But at the time we were connecting, and I didn't want to push her further. She'd already embraced this more than I could ever have hoped.
Just then the living room door opened, and Sharon walked in, dressed in her new clothes. I sat up in the sofa. The tight black jeans showed off her toned thighs and pert arse. The black suede knee-length boots looked sexy, and the heels accentuated the shape of her legs. The black string net top revealed everything underneath, which was only the sheer black bra. She looked divine and I told her so.
"Thank you," she grinned as she struck a pose.
"I love that bra with that top."
"I thought you might! I haven't decided if I'm going to swap it for a different bra before we go out though."
"I beg you not to!"
"We'll see. I checked it from different angles, and from some you can see my nipples, but not from others."
From where I was sitting her nipples were clearly visible through the fabric, but you had to stare.
"Your choice," I said sincerely "but you look really hot and it's the last night of freedom, so I encourage you to be whoever you want to be tonight."
This looked like it struck a chord with her. I decided now was as good a time as any to mention the contest and prepare her for the idea of it.
"Come and sit down, there's something I want to talk to you about," I requested.
I smiled so that she knew it was nothing to worry about.
"OK" she said and sat next to me. She really did look stunning, and I was momentarily distracted. I'd already planned how I was going to start this, so I recovered quickly.
"Remember our discussion at home where you acknowledged that there were two parts to this fantasy: the fetish for you in see-through tops and the fantasy of other men seeing how gorgeous your tits are?"
She smiled, with playful mocking "Yes, I think I remember!"
"Well," I continued, "What would you say would be the ultimate realisation of that fetish and fantasy combined?"
She appeared puzzled. "I don't know, you tell me."
"There is a wet T-shirt contest at The Raven tonight."
Before I could get the last syllable out she protested. "No way. Absolutely not. I could never do that."
"Why not?" I asked, gently.
"Well, for one I would die of embarrassment in front of a crowd; and two, these things end up all over the internet when people film them. No way."
Although I was amazed that her objections didn't involve being appalled at the principle of the idea, just embarrassment with a crowd, I had to admit that her point about it being filmed on people's phones was a solid one. We had a real life to get back to and she couldn't risk that.
"I hadn't thought about people filming it on their phones. I guess you're right." I said reluctantly.
I must have looked exceptionally deflated because she shook my cheek and put on a mock voice. "Oh, poor boy. He wanted to see his wife wet and topless in front of a cheering crowd."
"Yes, I did..." I started. But then I stopped as I saw her face flush and her eyes momentarily glaze.
"Oh, my goodness, did that idea turn you on?" I could barely hide my delight and excitement.
"It doesn't matter," she dismissed. "Both my points still stand. I would be far too embarrassed to do that so publicly in front of so many people. And even if I wasn't, the phone thing makes it impossible."
"You're right," I said. "Fucking mobiles have ruined everything."
"Careful, you're sounding like an old man now!" she jested. "I might have to change and dress like an old woman."
I looked at my wife dressed so revealing and unbelievably sexy. I wouldn't let this disappointment, one I was expecting to happen anyway, spoil anything.
"You're right, I'm incredibly lucky to be able to show you off exactly as you are. Plenty of men will be looking at you all night."
"That's the spirit!" she laughed.
"But what about you?" I asked. "Is there anything more you want to get out of this last night of freedom?"
"Like what?"
"Anything at all," I said. "Anything that you can't do, or be, at home that you could test the boundaries of here?"
She looked sheepish. "I don't think so."
"You can tell me," I reassured. "I've been open with you about things that could have been risky to say, but you understood and have given us excitement that we had both forgotten could exist. I'd do the same for you."
She still looked nervous, and I think I knew why. I wasn't going to make her say it.
"I tell you what," I began, "yesterday you took my fantasy and added to it when you were in the moment. You made all my kinks even more sexy by adding flirtation and touching into the scenario."
Sharon blushed and looked away.
"That really turned me on," I said.
She looked back to me, smiling nervously.
"It turned us both on." I continued.
She remained silent.
"Seeing my wife embody her beauty and confidence like that. You were amazing," I assured her. "When Dan and Matt get here I dare you greet them both with a kiss on the lips."
She still blushed, but this time it was more intense, and perhaps not from embarrassment.
"You want me to?"
"I think you'd like to finish this weekend by still being flirtatious with the boys. And if you want to be a tease, I want to see you own it."
"Well, if you're daring me to..."
"I am. Let them know the vibe from last night is carrying on for one more evening."
"It's just a kiss, I suppose," she contemplated, as if convincing herself.
"Exactly, just a kiss, and sets the tone for the kind of last night away that we want to have. No inhibitions and no regrets."
"I would only enjoy doing that if youwantedme to do that," she declared, with a knowing smirk.
She kissed me tenderly on the lips and I felt her quiver.
"I love you," she said, softly.
"I love you, too." I replied.
She patted me on the leg and broke the reverie.
"C'mon, you need to get ready too."
I couldn't wait for tonight to begin, so I got up and headed off to the shower.
Having washed and changed I returned downstairs just as Dan and Matt arrived at the front door. I stood back in the open plan kitchen to watch Sharon greet our guests. Before she opened the door she shot me an excited grin.
Matt entered first and everyone said "hello" to each other.
Sharon put her hands on Matt's shoulders and kissed him on the lips. He looked surprised but pleased. Dan was close behind him and I felt a flush of pleasure as I watched his lips connect with my wife's mouth.
"Welcome" said Sharon, cheerfully.
I stepped forward to shake both of their hands, and we all greeted each other warmly.
"You look amazing, Sharon," said Dan.
"Thanks Dan," she replied. "You guys look great too."
Dan was wearing black boots with dark faded jeans and a slate grey skinny shirt, which complimented his long blonde hair. Matt was wearing black jeans with a tight-fitting top with an open lumberjack shirt over it; I hadn't realised yesterday how buff he was.
"I'm really up for this night out," I said.
I realised Matt and Dan were still looking at Sharon, and my words almost seemed like a distraction. Even accounting for my bias as her husband, she looked stunning. The see-through bra with the string net top invited prying eyes. Her waist and stomach scarcely obscured by the barely-there material of her top.
"It's going to be a great night," agreed Dan.
"My mate is in the band that's on" said Matt. "They're excellent, and will be playing covers tonight, so it should be going off with tunes everybody knows."
"What kind of stuff do they play?" I asked.
"All sorts of indie and alternative rock," replied Matt.
"Sounds like our sort of thing," said Sharon, smiling.
I noticed Dan give me a knowing look. He raised his eyebrows and grinned when I caught his gaze. I knew what he was wondering.
"Unfortunately, Sharon will not be entering tonight's competition," I declared.
Sharon was indignant. "Has this been discussed?!"
"Dan happened to mention it to me," I said.
"Dan!" she exclaimed and slapped him playfully on the chest. It seemed more intended to be a flirtatious way to make physical contact than any real objection.
"Dan only pointed it out," I protested. "To be fair to him, I had given a strong impression yesterday I might like to know about it!"
Everyone laughed, including Sharon.
"I guess so," she said. "But, as I said earlier, even if I would do something like that, I couldn't risk being filmed on people's phones."
"That's not going to be a problem," said Matt.
"Exactly," agreed Dan. "Lofty makes sure no one gets their phone out."
"Lofty?" I enquired.
"Yes, he's 6-foot-8 and captains the local rugby team," replied Dan. "They've done a few of these contests in the barn where the stage is. Strict rule of no phones, and Lofty enforces it from the front of stage with the other security guys. No one is going to be getting their phone out."
"The contest wouldn't happen otherwise," said Matt, "for the reasons Sharon said. This way everyone has fun, the winner gets £100, and no one gets their legs broken by Lofty. He's actually a sweet guy."
We all looked at Sharon who appeared slightly crestfallen.
"I still couldn't do it," she stated bashfully.
"The night is still young," I encouraged.
Sharon attempted to change the subject. "Perhaps we should have a drink before we leave. Shots anyone?"
"Yes please!" we three guys grinned in unison, remembering last night.
She buried her head in her hands in mock distress.
"Pour them yourselves!" she laughed.
I got the tequila, poured four shots, and handed them out. I held my shot glass aloft.
"To no regrets!" I toasted.
"No regrets" the others concurred.
We all downed our shots.
"Let's go," said Dan, wincing from the tequila burn.
And we all headed out.
Matt remined us that The Raven was about a half hour walk through the forest. As our cottage was right on a trail we were heading in the right direction from the doorstep. It was twilight, and the forest was dark beneath the tree canopy. The stars began to appear in the clear summer night sky.
We four were chatting back and forth, the conversation relaxed and friendly. Eventually, the path narrowed so that we couldn't walk four abreast. Dan and Matt walked ahead, with Sharon and I just behind them, hand-in-hand.
I spoke softly to Sharon. "You know, you couldn't have chosen two nicer strangers to show your boobs to that day on the trail!"
She laughed loudly! And in the darkness I could see her nodding in agreement. "I agree," she said.
"What's that back there?" joked Dan.
I quickly whispered to Sharon "go put your arms around them." And gently guided her towards the two men.
She inserted herself between Dan and Matt, and put an arm around each of them. They responded by putting an arm each around her.
"Hello," she said cheekily.
"Hello," they replied in kind, sounding genuinely happy.
"What did we miss?" said Dan.
"We were just saying that I couldn't have chosen two nicer blokes to show my tits to on the hiking trail," said admitted.
They guys roared with laughter; and I was amazed at how forward she was. Surely that one shot back at the cottage hadn't lowered her inhibitions. I gave her more credit than that, she had agreed "no regrets" and was simply enjoying being a flirt. I loved to see it, and it suited her.
"We're glad too," said Matt.
"Yes, we've got two new friends out of it," said Dan. "I mean you two, not..." He gestured to Sharon's breasts!
"Yes, I knew what you meant!" laughed Sharon! And she gave him a playful slap on the butt.
It looked like she was committed to the flirting, and I was all for it. I loved to see her enjoying the attention, and although the wet T-shirt competition had been ruled out, perhaps the evening could still hold some opportunities to get her topless before it was over.
I was wondering what she felt like to Dan and Matt, with their arms around her. At 5'1" she was short, so they had their arms around the top of her back. They would be feeling her soft bare skin and her bra through the inch square holes of the string top. I mused on how Sharon had added to my exhibitionist and voyeur fantasy, by evolving this flirtatious element. I supposed it was a natural progression of me wanting men to lust after her, and for her to enjoy it.
Then the distant sounds of music pulsed through the trees.
"Sounds like we're getting near," I said.
"Yes, not long now," replied Dan.
Sharon broke away from the guys and bounded up to me. Jumping up and giving me a kiss. She clutched my hand tightly.
"I'm so excited!" she gushed. "It's been ages since we did anything like this."
I squeezed her hand back. "Me too, darling. Let's make the most of it so it sees us through to the next time."
Despite the gloom of the twilight forest, our eyes had adjusted enough so that I could see her staring up at me, a genuine loving smile on her face, and her head gently nodding in agreement.
The sound of music grew louder, and we started to see lights shining through the trees.
"Almost there," pointed out Dan.
Moments later we rounded a corner on the woodland path and the forest opened out into a huge clearing. The Raven pub stood before us, and it was magnificent. Like an oasis of sound and light in the dark forest.
We stepped out of the trees on to a lawn full of a dozen-or-so wooden benches and tables, most of which were full of people chatting and drinking. Dan had been right yesterday; there were a few metal heads, some indie guys and girls, friendly looking bikers, and various other alternative folk. The vibe was welcoming, and I knew we were going to have a great last night here.
Behind the lawn many more people milled around on a gravel courtyard, beyond which to our left was The Raven pub itself. A centuries old red brick building with dark timber exterior features. Cozy lights shone from within, and the bar looked busy through the windows already. The pub sign was, as you'd expect, a gothic looking Poe-esque raven. Behind the gravel courtyard to the right was a huge ancient brick barn with music booming out of it. Clearly, this was the converted barn Dan and Matt had mentioned where the bands and other entertainment took place. Everywhere was lit by lanterns.
"Let's get some drinks" said Matt.
We all agreed and headed over the lawn in the direction of the pub. As we passed between the tables I noticed the admiring glances that Sharon was getting, and she did too. She smiled back sweetly. I wondered if her enjoyment of male attention would flourish into something more by the time the competition started later.
We walked over the gravel courtyard towards the entrance to the pub. Before we could enter, the door opened, and a man emerged stooping at the waist to avoid bashing his head on the door frame.
"Lofty," greeted Dan. "Good to see you mate, meet our new friends".
Dan and Matt shook hands with Lofty, and then Dan introduced us. At 6-foot-2 I don't often feel small around anyone, but Lofty dwarfed me. He wasn't only massively tall, every bit of the 6-foot-8 Dan had mentioned, but he was broad as well.
Lofty shook our hands, and Sharon looked comically small next to him.
"Good to meet you Lofty," I said. "Can I get you a drink?"
"Thanks, but no." his voice was deep, yet articulate. "I'm on security tonight so I stay off the drink."
"Ah yes, the guys said you'd be looking after proceedings tonight," I said. "We were reassuring Sharon that if she wanted to enter the contest that no one would be filming it on their phones."
Sharon blushed, and looked like she was about to protest, but Lofty began to respond. He spoke directly to Sharon.
"You don't have to worry about that, and it's not just because they'd have to try to get the pieces of their phone back from me. Genuinely, this a decent and respectful crowd. Everyone comes here to have fun, and no one wants to be the arsehole who spoils it."
"Well thanks Lofty, but I'm not sure I'm brave enough for that," she replied.
"You sure?" replied Lofty. "You don't have to show much more than you are already, if you don't want to, and you could win a hundred quid."
I felt a delicious flicker of arousal that we were now beginning to openly discuss my wife's boobs in front of her.
Sharon blushed, and clearly registered that the four of us men were looking at her chest.
"I agree with Lofty, sweetheart." I started.
"You shock me!" she retorted, with friendly sarcasm.
Lofty gave me a nod and a look of respect, which I received gratefully from a man of his stature.
"Lofty has made it pretty clear you will be safe, and everything will stay within that barn," I said.
"He has," said Sharon, "and I believe him. I'm just not brave enough," she concluded.
"That's a real shame," I said to Lofty, "because she's got great tits."
"She has," muttered Dan. Matt nodded in agreement.
Lofty gave them a momentary confused look, and then looked back to Sharon.
"I can see that," he grinned, with obvious approval of her attire.
"Guys!" Sharon protested. "I am right here!"
"Sorry Sharon," said Lofty. "Obviously it's your call, but you'll be very well received if you change your mind."
"Thank you" said Sharon politely. I sensed she hoped the conversation would move on.
"Oh look, there's Emily," said Lofty. "Perfect."
He called out to a young woman across the courtyard. "Emily!" She looked up and he beckoned her over.
Emily appeared to be in her late twenties and was beautiful. Her jet-black hair juxtaposed attractively with her milky white complexion. Her mouth was attractively wide with crimson lipstick; and her dusky eyes had a wildness to them. She wore a corset with a short black skirt, fishnet tights, and chunky boots. She came over and Lofty introduced us; she already knew Dan and Matt and greeted them accordingly.
"Sharon was just saying she doesn't feel brave enough to enter the contest tonight," said Lofty, in an almost nurturing way!
"Thank goodness for that!" said Emily, taking a step back and staring directly at Sharon's tits.
"With a gorgeous pair of boobs like those the rest of us would be in trouble!" she said, smiling kindly.
Lofty interrupted. "I've got to set up the stage now, I'll catch you guys later. Good to meet you two."
We said goodbye and Lofty headed off towards the barn.
"Are you taking part in the wet T-shirt contest?" Sharon asked Emily.
"I am," Emily replied. "But I'm a bit of an exhibitionist anyway."
"Emily won the competition last time," said Dan.
"Congratulations," said Sharon. "What was that like?"
"Imagine the power of knowing you've just turned on a whole room full of people, and they're roaring their approval at you."
"OK," mused Sharon.
"It feels like that!" laughed Emily.
"Don't you feel really nervous before getting in front of all those people?" asked Sharon.
I was delighted that she seemed to be inquiring about it, and frankly this whole conversation was a real turn-on in itself.
"Yes, especially the first time. But once you get out there that all goes away. Does for me anyway."
She smiled at Sharon.
"There are two kinds of women when it comes to this," continued Emily, "those who would never do it in a million years, and those who have that naughty exhibitionist streak in them. The fact that you're asking these questions makes me think you'd quite like to if you could get over the nerves."
"It's possible." said Sharon, coyly.
Emily turned to me. "What do you think?" she asked.
Sharon laughed! Knowing my thoughts on the matter.
"I would love to see my beautiful wife share her stunning tits with an appreciative audience," I said. "But only if she wants to."
"Well hubby is onboard" she smiled. "And that's great. I remember one girl who was really up for it, but her boyfriend kicked off."
"Such a waste," I mockingly lamented. "Let's talk about this over some drinks, my round. You OK to hang with us for a bit Emily?"
Emily agreed and we headed into the bustling pub. It was noisy with an atmosphere of hedonism that contrasted nicely with the ancient building. Everyone had a beer, and I got us all shots too. Amazingly we found a table in the corner so we could sit down. As we headed over to it I dropped back from the others and gestured Emily over to me.
"Thanks for talking to Sharon," I said.
"Hey no problem. Do you think she's up for it?"
"That's the thing. Deep down I think she wants to, but the nerves are too much because of the crowd."
"It is kind of a big deal the first time you do anything in front of a crowd, I guess. Especially getting topless for them!"
"I'll be honest with you. I have a massive kink for showing off my wife, and her entering a wet T-shirt contest is just about my dream come true."
"Oh yeah? I think that's cute. I'll see what I can do for you." She winked at grinned at me.
"I owe you one, big time, if you can pull that off. As long as she wants to do it, of course."
"Of course. I'll just try to make it seem less nerve-wracking."
"Thanks Emily. You're the best."
And I meant it. Emily had the potential to turn this around.
"Let me guess what you two are talking about?" laughed Sharon from the table.
"Emily was just saying how she thinks it was an economic mistake to depart from the Gold Standard," I joked.
We all sat at the table and did our shots. We chatted about the band later on this evening; and Matt, Dan, and Emily shared their anecdotes about partying at The Raven. It felt like we'd found a secret world hidden in the forest where pretty much anything goes.
We had more shots, and more beers, and everyone was loosening up and having fun. It began to feel like we'd known the others for years.
"Right," said Emily. "In half an hour I've got to go backstage in the barn and get ready for the contest."
Sharon looked to me, and I found her hard to read.
"Will you be coming with me, Sharon?" she asked, gently.
Sharon sighed. "I think I'm just too scared."
"Let me ask you one thing," said Emily to Sharon. "If nerves didn't exist, is there a part of you that would love the attention of all those guys on your body?"
My cock sprang to life in my pants.
"Yes." admitted Sharon, without hesitating.
I became so hard it began to hurt! I rearranged myself, and Emily noticed. She just smiled.
"Then I will help you get through the nerves. You will love it. Once the water hits you, there are no more nerves, you'll see."
"I don't know how," said Sharon. "That seems like the really nerve-wracking bit."
"I think you and I are quite similar in some ways. And I think like me you'll go into the zone."
"The zone?"
"Yeah, where you just want to show yourself off and feel all those eyes on you. To hear them cheering for you."
It looked like Sharon was about to disagree, but she knew that the rest of us knew that Emily was spot on.
"No regrets," I said.
"If it feels good, do it." Sharon replied, tentatively. "Please get me another shot, I just might be doing this."
My cock was still hard from the conversation my wife had just been having, but "fuck it", I thought, and got up regardless. I went to the bar for another round of shots.
At the bar I had time to myself to think. Did I really want this? The idea of it was overwhelmingly arousing and exciting to me; but unlike in the shop, and yesterday with Dan and Matt, the gnawing jealousy did not subside. Hence, I was left with these two competing emotions. I figured that this was because I would have no control at all over the situation, unlike the previous experiences with Sharon exposing her breasts to just one or two people. Once this started I was in for the ride.
I placed the drinks order and glanced back to the table. Sharon, Emily, Dan, and Matt were all engaged in conversation. Sharon kept smiling, and it was good to see her looking so happy. I resolved to not mention anything about the jealousy feeling. That would be a shitty thing to do to her at this stage. I'd ride out whatever was to come. No regrets tonight, and this opportunity was unlikely to come around again. Fuck jealousy anyway, I had never felt this turned-on at the mere idea of something, so I was still desperate for her to do it. I decided that this was just all part of the games we were playing; and the reason most people don't do it. But as I'd learned, the rewards were exquisite when you follow through with it.
I had ordered two shots each for everyone and returned to the table with ten tequilas. I handed them out as the others thanked me.
"I was just hearing about the night you guys had yesterday," said Emily, grinning with approval.
"She had us eating out the palms of her hands." I said proudly.
"And drinking from other places, by the sounds of it!" Emily joked.
We all laughed, and Sharon didn't look at all embarrassed. Her new-found exhibitionism was bonding her with Emily, and she seemed to enjoy the kudos.
"She was amazing," I said, "But I guess Dan and Matt already told you that."
Dan and Matt nodded.
"They mentioned that they had a good time," giggled Emily. She picked up her first shot.
"To topless fun!" Emily toasted, beaming.
"I'll drink to that," I said.
We all joined her toast and downed our shots.
"So," said Emily. "It's decision time Sharon. I'm going to have to go backstage for the contest soon. Are you going to join me?"
My heart thumped, and that thumping appeared to be sending all the blood to my cock.
Sharon looked at me. Her big blue eyes were huge. I wondered what her true thoughts and feelings were at this very moment.
"I know you are going to say to me that you only get off on this if I get off on it," she said to me.
I nodded. "Exactly."
"I'm terrified," she said, giggling nervously. "But from the experiences I've had this weekend, I think I want to do it."
In that moment, all jealousy be damned. My whole body coursed with a sexual rush. I now longed for nothing else but to see my wife dripping wet and showing off her tits for anyone who wanted to see them.
"But I want to double check that this really is what you want?" Sharon asked, seriously.
I did not hesitate.
"Definitely. I want to see you experience how fucking sexy you are."
"Then I'll do it," she said. "Oh shit!" she exclaimed nervously. Then with excitement, "I'm going to do it!"
And that was it. My wife was about to enter a wet T-shirt contest.
"Excellent!" said Emily, who leaned over to hug Sharon. "You're going to love it, I know it."
I picked up the second shot of tequila.
I raised my glass to Sharon and Emily.
"To the contestants!"
Dan and Matt joined the toast, and we all drank.
"Right," Emily began. "I have to grab a friend and then we need to get ready. I'll meet you by the side door to the barn in five minutes, Sharon - so we can go in together."
"Thank you, I'd like that," said Sharon.
"No problem. They have all the T-shirts there and you can cut it or style it how you want. They also have little Lycra hotpants in case you don't want to get your jeans wet."
Her words solidified the reality of my wife getting ready to come out and perform for the crowd. I couldn't believe this was happening, but I was extraordinarily horny now that it was.
Emily got up. "See you in five, sweetie." she said to Sharon.
"And I'll see you lucky boys later." She smiled, giving us a coquettish wave. "Oh, I'll have a word with Lofty so that he makes sure you guys get a good spot."
We all said thank you and goodbye to Emily; and then all eyes turned to Sharon.
"I think I'd better quickly go to the loo", she said, and left us guys at the table. I was pleased to see that she looked excited with her nervousness, rather than to be regretting her decision. She could, of course, still pull out. And that remained a real possibility.
Dan, Matt, and I all grinned at each other.
"I think we're in for a good night!" I said.
"Seriously, you guys can come back whenever you want!" laughed Matt.
"Listen," I said, "If Sharon needs anything that makes her feel more confident and sexier before she heads off to meet Emily, I can count on you guys, right?"
"Of course," said Dan.
"Absolutely," agreed Matt.
"I can see that she enjoys flirting with you both. Anything that she's cool with, and you're OK with, I'm all for it. All night, in fact."
"Sounds good to me. As long as you don't mind, I'm up for carrying on the fun," said Dan.
"Of course," said Matt. "Sharon is gorgeous, if she wants to flirt that's fine by me."
"Cool," I said, "I just want her to feel as empowered as possible."
"In fact," I continued, "when she leaves us to get ready for the contest, why don't you both send her off with a decent kiss on the lips? Just to keep her feeling desired."
"As long as she won't mind us doing that?" said Dan.
"She won't," I promised. "She greeted you with a peck on the lips at the house," I said slyly. "Just step it up a bit from there perhaps?"
Just then Sharon returned and sat next to me.
"How are you feeling?" asked Dan.
"Nervous, excited, slightly surreal!" laughed Sharon.
"What's the worst that could happen?" said Matt.
"I don't know, I get booed off stage," she replied, with a shocking seriousness.
We three guys roared with laughter! I felt my arousal heighten that her fear was not based on exposing her body to a room full of men, but it was about their response.
"Just never going to happen!" laughed Matt.
"If that's your fear, darling," I said, "you've got absolutely nothing to worry about."
"You're gorgeous Sharon, everyone is going to love you," said Dan.
"We'll see," she said coyly.
"Remember what I said to you last night, about compliments," said Dan. And Sharon's eyes sparkled.
"I think I'll head over to meet Emily on my own, if that's OK?"
"Whatever you prefer, sweetheart" I said.
"I think I'd be more confident meeting her and her friend like that, rather than getting dropped off," she clarified.
"I completely get it," I said.
I leant in close to her ear.
"Remember the dare in the house? Before you go, I dare you again to kiss them on the lips, however you want to." I whispered.
Sharon looked at me slightly bemused, but still smiling.
"OK," she said, for all to hear.
"It's time for me to go" she said, a trace of nervousness in her voice.
I got up to let her out of the table. Dan and Matt rose too.
"Goodbye then," she said, and stepped up closely to Matt. She rested her hands on his muscular shoulders. Raising her right hand, she brushed against the close stubble on his cheek, then cupped the back of his head to draw his face down to her. I watched my wife tilt her head to meet his lips and kiss him firmly with a lingering pleasure. After a few seconds they parted slowly, and then Sharon planted one quick last kiss on his mouth.
"See you later, Matt", she half whispered, not breaking eye-contact with him.
Matt smiled at her as she turned to Dan.
She tucked his blonde hair behind his ears and tenderly hugged him whilst lifting her face to his. Dan bent down and I felt my heart churn with a curious excitement as they placed multiple tender kisses on each other's lips. Sharon then changed the angle of her face and, just slightly, opened her mouth. Dan did the same and Sharon tentatively touched his lips with the tip of her tongue, which Dan fleetingly reciprocated. She gave him a final peck on the lips to indicate it was over, and then pulled away.
"Goodbye, Dan." she said softly.
She inhaled deeply before turning to me.
My heart fluttered. This felt like an extension of the arousal I get watching her being exposed. I enjoyed it almost as much.
She stepped up to me, her face sultry. She gently clutched both sides of my face, so our gazes were locked.
"The next time you see me I will be making all your fantasies real."
She kissed me deep and hard. Her tongue urgently finding mine. We didn't care where we were or that we had an audience. We kissed with a raw intensity, and I held her close to me.
She pulled away and put her mouth to my ear. "And I'm going to love every second of it."
With that she turned and disappeared into the crowded bar; her parting words still ringing in my ears.
Dan, Matt, and I got a beer each and headed outside to the courtyard. The Raven looked magical with the lanterns lighting up the old buildings and so many people partying in this strange haven in the woods.
The main door to the barn was open and rock music continued to boom out of it. I contemplated what was to happen when I went in there. I wondered what Sharon was doing now.
Lofty walked past us on his way to the barn and stopped to speak.
"Emily told me the good news!" he said. "When you guys get in the barn give me a shout and I'll get you to the front."
"Thanks mate," I said. "We really appreciate it." I did too, it meant we could chill out here until the last minute and still get the best view in the house. I think the wait would have killed me otherwise.
"No problem at all," replied Lofty. "Thanks for bringing us a new contestant." He smiled warmly and headed off to the barn.
"How are you feeling mate?" asked Dan.
"Excited, but slightly nervous," I replied. "But that appears to be the vibe I enjoy!"
The guys laughed, and it didn't feel appropriate to tell them how turned-on I was in anticipation.
"It's not long until it starts now," said Matt. "Let's get some shots to keep us going, and then head in."
We did just that and went over to the barn. Each footstep that crunched into the gravel increased my eagerness for what was to come. I stepped through the old wooden doorway of the barn and took in the impressive interior.
The space was huge, already about a hundred people had gathered, and it was only half full. The high ceiling had timber frames, into which an impressive lighting rig had been installed. At the far side, a large stage rose about three feet off the ground; the crowd was right up against it. Either side of this were speaker systems. Already on the stage were two large vats that someone was pouring bags of ice into. A black paddling pool was inflated, no doubt to contain the water as it was poured over the contestants' bodies. I thrilled at the idea that one of them would be my wife. The stage had a black curtain covering the rear, which I assumed the contestants would emerge from.
"There's Lofty," said Dan, and he waved to him.
Lofty gestured to the side of the stage. We walked over and he got us up onto the stage and walked us to the centre of it. My heart surged when I looked out to the assembled crowd before me, knowing it would be twice the size when Sharon stood here.
Lofty addressed the people who were front and centre of the stage.
"Sorry to bother you," he said politely. He gestured to me. "This gentlemen's wife has entered the contest, and she will be showing you her breasts shortly. Perhaps in return you wouldn't mind letting him have a front row view?"
He made me laugh, whilst also ramping up the reality of the situation.
The guys moved and seemed happy to do so. Although, I suspect few people argued with a request from Lofty.
We three thanked them and hopped off the stage into the crowd.
This was it.
Dan stood to my left, and Matt to my right, and we chatted back and forth. But clearly my mind was with Sharon and how she was feeling right now. It was strange to be waiting to see various topless women yet only caring about the breasts I see every day!
TAP-TAP-TAP
Lofty had picked up a microphone and was testing it by bashing his huge finger against it. It got everyone's attention.
"Listen-up you horny lot," he said. "The wet T-shirt contest will be starting in five minutes."
My heart skipped several beats.
"As most of you know, but it bears repeating just in case, absolutely no phones out in the barn for any reason. I know none of you will, but be in no doubt, if we see a phone it's owner will be removing it in pieces from their arsehole. Furthermore, the contest will be immediately cancelled, and everyone here will probably let you know what they think of you."
Lofty continued.
"With that said. We've got five contestants tonight and I'm sure you'll all show them your appreciation. It takes guts to get up here."
I looked behind me, the room had filled out and was packed. It wasn't just men, there were plenty of women in the audience too, but at the front it was pretty much all blokes.
"Now," Lofty continued, "everyone give a big hand to our waterboy, Will. He's paid £100 for the privilege of doing this particularly important job, and that money will go to our winner. Come up here Will."
Everyone started cheering for Will and it hit home how loud this crowd would be. Surely, it would be far louder when my wife's tits were on display. My cock pulsed at the thought and the sensation churned up into my body.
As the crowd continued to applaud Will, an enthusiastic twentysomething with forearm tattoos and a Motorhead T-shirt, I felt the nerves shoot through me. The arousal and anxiety mixed together; but I thought of that day on the trail and how good it felt to see her show her tits to the strangers that were now our friends stood beside me. I recalled that night at the cottage where she not only allowed Dan and Matt to see her tits, but touch and suck them too, and how that was the single most arousing moment of my life. I remembered the shop today and how I felt seeing her pleasure revealed across her skin as she let a stranger lust after her body. In this very moment, the trepidation was obliterated by a level of arousal and anticipation for what was to come that I never thought was possible.
I was extremely glad that the stage covered my crotch area!
Will the waterboy had made his way to the vats of iced water and stood by his station with all the excitement of a kid at Christmas. I wasn't judging him; I was buzzing too. I hoped he would enjoy his close-up view of my wife's T-shirt turning translucent and the deliberately freezing water turning her nipples hard. I shuddered, and Dan noticed and smiled at me.
"Not long now, mate."
I nodded with a grin.
Lofty's voice boomed out across the hall. "And of course, absolutely no touching the contestants. They can do what they want, but you guys keep your hands to yourselves."
"Now," he continued. "Shall we get some girls wet!?"
The crowd roared and took me by surprise. I joined in, knowing that one of those women was going to be my wife.
The music hit and the crowd continued to cheer.
"Contestant Number 1 is Ally," announced Lofty. "Give it up for Ally."
Ally appeared from around the side of the curtain at the back of the stage. She was tall and blonde, with a pretty face. Her button nose struck me as cute. She wore cut-off denim shorts that showed off most of her butt. She had cut up the white T-shirt so that it was like a crop top over her C-cup boobs. The crowd went wild for her as she approached the paddling pool. I could hardly contain myself imaging these scenes for Sharon.
Will scooped up water and ice from one of the vats into a pint glass and stood by Ally. She put her hands behind her head and arched her back, showing considerable under-boob that rightly kicked the crowd into another gear. Guys were yelling encouragement, cat calling, and generally losing their shit. Will slowly poured the water over her chest and the T-shirt all but disappeared, clinging to her round tits, and causing her small nipples to instantly harden into points.
Ally righted her posture and strutted to the front of the stage, right by us. She leant over, showing the view down her wet top. She played with her boobs which went over well with the crowd that was now animalistic with their enthusiasm. She teased lifting the front of her T-shirt up which prompted a chant of "show your tits." She continued to strut and pose, before quickly flashing her bare breasts and leaving the stage to delighted roars.
"Ally!" cried Lofty, enthusiastically.
"You all good Will?" he said to the waterboy.
Will grinned and gave him a thumbs-up.
"Then let's bring out contestant Number 2, Emily!" he roared.
Emily emerged on to the stage with her T-shirt tied up at the back, pulling it tight across her tits. I hadn't appreciated how large her breasts were earlier. She wore black bikini bottoms that tied up at the sides, I assumed she had brought these with her. Her black hair had been put into a ponytail. She looked amazing, and you could tell she'd done this before.
She skipped to the inflatable pool and dropped to her knees. Looking up at Will with sultry eyes she gestured to her tits. The crowd loved it, and Will duly obliged. As soon as the water hit her chest she rose to her feet and ripped off the T-shirt. She knew how to win! Her tits were magnificent, firm and round. But I thought Sharon had the perkier nipples and could be in with a shout if she could match Emily's performance. A big ask, given Emily's obvious confidence, which saw her now teasing the crowd by running her hands up her body and squeezing her bare boobs.
Emily sauntered over and dropped to her knees right in front of me.
"Sharon has drawn Number 5. She's on last." she said. "You are going to love her outfit."
With that she stretched out her legs, spread them, and reclined, arching her back. I had the perfect view, but it electrified the crowd all the way to the back.
With that, her performance was over.
Dan and Matt were besotted with Emily's display, and I could see why.
"You got the inside scoop there, mate," said Matt. "You're going to have to wait."
"I know," I yelled over the crowd and music "It's killing me!"
The next two contestants were amazing, but not a patch on Ally and Emily. The crowd, including us three, cheered them on enthusiastically, but they lacked the sexiness of the first two. Neither of them took their tops off or flashed, which was fine because the wet material revealed everything, but "skin to win" was definitely a good tactic. I wondered if Sharon would be brave enough to go fully topless.
My heart started thudding like a diesel engine. Now was the time my ultimate fantasy would crash land into reality.
"Contestant Number 5" yelled Lofty...
Dan and Matt both slapped me on the back. They looked as excited as I was.
"Welcome to the stage...Sharon!"
Dan, Matt, and I immediately roared, and when she stepped into view the whole crowd erupted. Dan and Matt grabbed on to me when they saw her. She was stunning.
Her golden-brown hair was parted down the middle, and she had pigtail plaits on the side. This gave an innocent look that betrayed what she was wearing, and about to do, and made the beautiful bone structure of her face and huge blue eyes appear exaggerated.
She had chopped off the length of the T-shirt to just above her navel but had cut it vertically into thin strips of material that hung enticingly over her breasts, revealing different aspects of them as she moved.
And then I noticed that she was wearing her white cotton panties.
I literally lost my breath. Momentarily, I could not breathe. Shocked and stunned not just how she appeared now, but at what she would look like when the cold water was on her.
The crowd must have had the same realisation as me because they collectively exploded in cheers and whistles. A spontaneous chant of "get her wet" broke out, it flooded me with passion to hear all these horny men yelling their desires at my wife.
Sharon looked shocked by this blast of lustful enthusiasm, but then a broad smile spread across her face. She saw me and winked, before slinking towards the pool to get wet. She looked to be enjoying herself already.
The noise from the crowd was deafening, but somehow it increased as she stepped into the paddling pool. Will filled his pint glass, and as he stepped towards Sharon, she took his other hand and guided him into the pool with her. She stood in front of him, leaned back on to his chest, and with one hand raised behind Will's head, she nuzzled into him as he slowly poured the freezing water over her chest. The cheers intensified as guys hollered and yelled at her, the whistles alone were ear-splitting, and I loved every decibel of excitement she was generating by showing off what most men selfishly keep for themselves with their wives.
Every detail of her breasts was clearly visible to the whole room through the transparent strips of material. Between the strips of fabric lay bare wet flesh. Her nipples were granite-hard from the icy water and looked delicious though the clinging fabric. Her panties were completely see-though too, revealing her shaved neat slit.
My cock was solid in my pants and was pumping out precum as if I were ejaculating. I was shaking from the all-consuming emotions that swept through me. It was like having a mental orgasm seeing my wife like this and hearing the crowd's reaction to her.
I basked in the individual utterances I could hear yelled from men around me towards my wife: "good girl!", "fuck yeah!", "get your tits out!", "take it off!". Matt and Dan were cheering at her too, and I shouted my encouragement.
Two guys behind me spoke to each other in raised voices over the crowd; "her tits are amazing", said one. "She's so fucking hot," replied the other. My chest felt like it was going to burst hearing my wife being spoken about in that way.
Will stepped out of the plastic pool and Sharon looked down at her dripping wet body, her eyes sensual as she took herself in. She gestured to Will to bring her another pint of water.
The thunderous roar continued as she took the glass and held it to her chest. She tipped a tiny bit of water on to one nipple, and then the other, revealing them through the thin material even further.
She then lowered the glass to her stomach.
We cheered her louder.
She lowered it further still to the hem of her now translucent panties.
We howled encouragement.
She pulled the elastic hem away from her taut lower stomach and emptied the pint of water into her knickers. The place blew up.
She handed the glass back to Will and strode confidently to the front of stage.
Sharon began to rub her tits back and forth, causing the cotton strips to tantalisingly reveal various parts of breasts. Working the crowd to a frenzy, she grabbed the two pieces of cloth at the front, paused to look out at the masses, and thrust out her chest as she ripped the slashed-up T-shirt clean off.
There she was, bombarded with noise, completely topless in wet cotton panties. I roared with the crowd and the sexual power she was exuding. As with her previous moments of exhibitionism, I saw her with fresh eyes again, as if through the eyes of the stranger, but this time it was amplified through two hundred people.
I saw how pale the skin of her breasts was, the cute freckle on the side, and how the droplets of water ran down her curves. I marvelled at how hard and erect her nipples were, the areola contracted around their base. Her ribs and tiny waist accentuated with the water that covered her. And now, for the first time, the gentle mound of her pussy and her neat lips revealed to all these horny men who were yelling their lust at her. All these delights of her beautiful body, once for my eyes only, now shared freely for the pleasures they bring.
She scanned around the crowd with a deliberate gaze. I could not believe how composed she was. She purposefully controlled the direction of her vision to take the crowd with her and rested it on her breasts. She raised her hands to the underside of her boobs and tenderly caressed herself with her fingertips, tracing their curve. Moving upwards, she traced around her areola and flicked at her nipples, then pinching them and pulling them. This caused a cacophony of cheers and whistles from the crowd. I wondered how many erections my incredible wife was causing at this moment, and how many people would be masturbating about her later.
The latter thought made me recall her text in the shop earlier about Shopping Guy, she said "I wish I could have seen his face"; and I flushed with love and happiness for her that she was now taking in two hundred faces all yearning after her body. All desiring her. Every one of them longing to fuck her if they could. I hoped she was high with the sexual energy being directed towards her.
She squeezed her breasts and said something to Will, the words lost under the noise of the crowd. He came over and handed her some ice cubes. She rubbed these around her nipples and teased them until they were impossibly hard. She leaned towards the crowd as if to make sure everyone could get a good look as she glided the ice over her nips.
She placed the ice cubes in her left hand and continued to rub them across her breasts. She slowly slid her right hand down over her stomach and rested her fingertips beneath the hem of her see-through panties. The throbbing roar of the crowd rose again at the implication.
With doughy eyes she slowly turned her gaze downwards to me. I was overcome by her, she truly felt like a goddess before me.
I mouthed the words "I love you so much."
She smiled and looked back to her body. Still massaging her tits, she slid her hand into her panties and through the transparent wet material her middle finger was clearly visible rubbing her clit.
At her first touch I saw her eyes roll back in her head.
Her finger made tiny circular motions. Her whole body started to quiver, and her knees buckled.
The noise in the room was deafening.
She removed her left hand from her breasts and used it to yank down her panties, exposing all of herself to the now maniacal crowd. With that, she thrust two fingers inside herself.
From my position I could see every detail of her pink, wet lips, and her fingers sliding in and out of her perfect little pussy.
I lost my mind and started to chant: "Come! Come!"
Dan and Matt quickly joined in, and within seconds two hundred deliriously horny people were cheering on my naked wife to have an orgasm in public.
"Come! Come! Come!" The crowd was relentless, and I could see she was close.
She moaned and bit her lower lip, her eyes rolling in her head again. She gasped, and started to pant before her climax shook her whole body. She struggled to remain standing. Sharon cried out in ecstasy, but the intensity of the crowd noise meant that only those of us in the front few rows could hear her.
The most intimate of human experiences had been exquisitely exhibited by my wife for the pleasure of onlookers.
She held up her two glistening fingers, kissed them, and blew that kiss to the crowd, before kneeling and putting them in my mouth so I could taste how much she had enjoyed herself. I treasured this brief physical contact with her and sucked her fingers before she pulled them away.
She rose, pulled up her knickers, turned around, and was gone.
I was stunned. Not metaphorically, I was literally stunned to the spot. Dan and Matt were staring in disbelief.
The crowd were still ecstatic when Lofty roared Sharon's name and every decibel of appreciation was screamed towards the stage.
Dan slapped me on the chest. "My god, man," he said in delighted disbelief.
"Your wife is amazing," said Matt, shaking his head.
The crowd around us were still buzzing. My thoughts turned to how she was feeling in this very moment, having just stepped off the stage. I prayed that she would not feel embarrassment once the high wore off.
It was only when Lofty came to the front of the stage that I remembered there was a competition, and a winner was to be announced. Surely there was no contest, but either way Sharon would shortly have to return to the stage.
Lofty stared a long way down to me and mouthed the word "Wow!" before holding the mic to his mouth. "We're going to bring all the girls back out and decide a winner," he declared.
He continued: "cheer the loudest for the one you want to win but be respectful of all the brave women who got on stage this evening."
"Let's bring out the girls" he yelled, and the crowd went wild as all five women came out together.
Each re-emerged in the state of undress that they had left. This, I was delighted to see, meant that Emily and Sharon were both still topless. They were holding hands, and Emily raised Sharon's hand as they came to the centre of the stage. I adored getting to see her exposed to the crowd once more and looking deservedly happy.
Lofty went along the contestants in the order they had performed, and the crowd cheered wildly for each. The roar intensified for Emily, and rightly so, but when he got to Sharon the loudness was off the scale. Sharon was declared the winner and bowed to the crowd, her tits looking magnificent as she did so. Lofty handed her an envelope with £100 in it. She waved to the crowd, took Emily's hand and they walked off stage to rapturous applause.
It was done. And now I just had to will away my erection before leaving the stage!
Dan, Matt, and I milled around outside on the gravel courtyard and chatted about nothing other than the amazing wet T-shirt competition we had just been treated to. They both confirmed that they had never heard a reaction like the one Sharon got, and I laughed as they were both at pains to repeatedly state that they weren't just saying that for my benefit.
I was still on a high and wired with arousal, but I did mention to them that I was concerned that she might be embarrassed when she rejoined us, so we should not give her the opportunity to be worried.
I needn't have been concerned.
The side door of the barn opened, and Sharon and Emily came out. They were both dressed as they were before the contest, although Sharon's hair was still in pigtails. I thrilled at seeing their wet hair, a symbol of what had just taken place.
Sharon saw me and ran to me. As she did so, Emily started clapping her, Dan and Matt cheered, and others around us joined in as she jumped into my arms, grinning with joy, and started kissing my face. We touched noses and she exclaimed, "I wanted to make your fantasy better than your wildest dreams."
I stared in disbelief. "I could never have dreamed of anything more incredible." I was lost for words.
I kissed her and we unashamedly snogged whilst the others waited for us to finish.
When we pulled away Sharon waved the envelope with the money. "Drinks are on me" she said.
"Oh no," I replied. "Drinks for all of us are on me, all night."
"If you insist," smiled Dan.
I turned to Emily, "Both of you ladies deserve free drinks all night. You were both amazing."
"Well then I graciously accept," she said. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself!"
As Sharon hugged Dan and Matt I mouthed to Emily "thank you". "No problem" she mouthed back with a wicked grin.
"Let's get pissed!" cheered Sharon and we all headed off to the bar.
We all hung out together getting increasingly drunk as the night went on. After a few rounds, Emily announced that some friends she hadn't seen for a while had arrived, and she was going to meet them. She would see us later on.
The band was going to start. We all fancied some music and dancing, especially as Matt's friend was the drummer, so we grabbed some drinks to take with us and headed back to the barn.
It was strange being in the barn again with all the glorious sexual energy that had been there only a couple of hours before. Now the space was much darker with coloured lighting cascading around the room. The band's equipment was set up on the stage where my gorgeous naked wife had once been.
We four mingled into the centre of the packed crowd and awaited the arrival of the band.
The house lights dropped, and the gathered throng applauded, although it was nothing like the noise we had experienced earlier.
The band members assumed their positions and picked up their instruments. The lead singer took to his microphone. "I hear we missed some hot naked chicks," he said. "We'll be getting here earlier next time." The crowd cheered and the band broke into "Smells Like Teen Spirit" by Nirvana, and the room went off.
As the set continued we four were all dancing together, and instinctively us three men danced around Sharon, all facing inwards to her, so that she was in the centre of us with space to move without getting jostled by the good-natured, but energetic, crowd. She enjoyed gigs, but at 5'1" she sometimes struggled in the crowd.
I loved watching her dance; it was clear that this view added to Matt and Dan's enjoyment of the gig, and Sharon seemed carefree to dance in the middle of our tight group.
She put her back to my chest and leaned into me. It reminded me of the pose she had assumed with Will, the waterboy, and my cock started to stiffen. She must have felt it as she began to grind her arse into it. I leant down and kissed her neck, and she massaged my cock with her taut butt.
"I dare you to do that to Dan," I whispered in her ear. "And then dance with Matt."
She looked up to me and smiled.
"You sure?" she said, and before I could answer she reached around to grasp my hard cock through my trousers.
"They deserve it, and so do you." I replied.
She turned to face me and kissed my mouth.
"I love you," she said and returned to dance in the centre of the three of us again.
Not as much as I love you right now, I thought to myself.
After a moment she danced with her hands raised above her head and took the single step backwards towards Dan that meant her back was pressed against him. She took his hands and wrapped them around her midriff as she sinuously moved her body and gyrated into him, his hands became synchronised with her body.
Matt and I watched them, both of us enjoying the atmosphere of loud music and sexual tension. It felt like we were in our own world despite being surrounded by people.
I could see her pushing her butt more vociferously against Dan's crotch, and I felt myself hoping that he had an erection that she was grinding on. I was certain that he did, and I delighted at my stunning wife deliberately teasing the cock of this attractive younger man.
She directed her gaze to Matt and took a step towards him. Keeping eye contact she took his hands and placed them on her hips. She held on to his rugged shoulders and moved into him, pressing her breasts firmly to his torso. She reached around his back to embrace him, and she swayed in time with the music and moved rhythmically, rubbing his body with her hers. She said something inaudible over the music and in response his hands moved to her butt, which she rocked in his grasping hands.
The song finished, she took a step back into the middle of us, and we all cheered the band. They launched into the next tune, "Paint it Black" by the Rolling Stones, and we all started dancing again. The song leant a dark sexual energy to Sharon's movements.
She had her back to me and I reached for her hips. She moved backwards into me, facing Dan and Matt, and dancing with a serpentine quality. I lifted the bottom of the string net top she was wearing, just slightly. She continued to dance with me, unphased. I lifted it over her navel, and she didn't flinch. It was clear I was taking her top off and she hadn't stopped me. I lifted it to the underside of her breasts, and she raised her arms above her head, inviting me to remove her clothes. I slid the top off her arms, and she took her position in the middle, dancing in her opaque bra. The pale swell of her breasts above the cups was enticing as she moved, and her nipples were tantalisingly visible through the fabric. She kept her dancing fluid, so that she was turning and twisting before each of us continuously. Not showing any one of us particular attention but lost in her movements and providing an ever-shifting view of her body.
It was wonderful to me that by this point we three guys were comfortable enough to just watch her without worrying about what was appropriate or not. No one, least of all Sharon, needed anyone else's permission to do anything. All of that was long gone, we just enjoyed her. For me, seeing them appreciate her body, and her relish sharing it, was a delicious, aching thrill.
As the next song started Sharon addressed us all. "Does a girl have to take her own bra off?"
I didn't think I could find another level of physical or mental arousal, but her words took me there.
"You choose who," I instructed.
She presented her back to Dan, and I heard her tell him to undo her bra.
Looking at me with love in her smile and lust in her eyes, she waited for him to free the clasp. The straps hung loose, and she clutched the cups with her hands. She then leaned back into Matt and held out her arms. Matt knew what to do and he slowly slid the bra away from her chest and along her arms.
She stepped away from Matt and handed me her warm bra. She danced before us topless, I didn't even care that my hard-on was probably clear for anyone to see, even in the dark room.
We watched her in raptures as she danced, her firm tits swaying, her nipples hard and pointing upwards. She would raise her hands as she danced, beautifully changing the shape of her tits. I am sure others around us were watching but I, and it appeared the other three, neither cared nor noticed.
The band were playing "Just Like Heaven" by The Cure and it could not have been more fitting. A strobe light flashed above us and Sharon danced in it, making her movements more exaggerated and circling before us as we watched her body choreographed in flash frames. When the strobing stopped she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me before spinning around into Dans embrace.
He held her and she brought his face to hers. She opened her mouth as his face neared, so that he knew what she wanted. Their kiss was forceful, and I could not deny that my cock was throbbing to see their open mouths urgently devouring each other's kiss. His hands grabbed at her naked back as he held her tight. As they repositioned their lips I could see their tongues desperately entering the other's mouths.
When she pulled away and turned around there was nothing but raw sex in her eyes. Instinctively I reached my hand out to her, and she took it and put my fingers in her mouth. We both wanted me to feel where Dan's tongue had just been, but she was looking only to Matt now.
She reached her left hand behind his head, tilting his gaze towards her naked breasts. Her other hand around his waist. They swayed together, both of them looking at her tits as they moved in unison. They danced like this, just taking in her nakedness together, until she turned in his arms and leaned her back against his torso. She took his hands and placed them on her tits. Her hands over his, she squeezed and rubbed so that she guided him to touch her. She dropped her arms limply to her sides as he continued to explore her breasts, massaging and kneading them without any hesitation. As he pinched at her erect nipples, she gazed adoringly at me over his hands, smiling, sultry - no hint of inhibition. The emotion that connected us in this erotic pleasure through our love and trust sealed a bond that I knew would never break.
She lurched to me, and we kissed, our tongues violently entwining. I grabbed at her tits with my hand, I needed to feel their smooth firmness, the hard nipple pressed against my palm, to grasp at the sexual parts of her.
When we pulled away our eyes could not disconnect.
"Good night and thank you!" yelled the lead singer of the band, and the revery was broken.
Sharon put on her bra and top.
She kissed Dan, and then Matt, and then me.
"Thank you," she said cheerily. "That was fun."
We laughed in disbelief at her nonchalance.
As the crowd dissipated, and we had more space between us, I observed the bulges in the trousers of Matt and Dan. As she had to me, Sharon had given then both hard-ons and the sweet satisfaction of this delighted me. It was the purest expression at the heart of my kink, now our kink, to see unambiguously how my wife had used her body and sexuality to turn on other men, and for her to have loved doing it.
"Drinks are still on me," I grinned. And we headed out of the barn to savour the remaining hours of our weekend of freedom and no regrets.
Who was to say what those hours would bring?