All characters engaging in sexual congress within this story are at least 18 years old or older at the time that it happens. This is an original work of fiction, Copyright 2023 © by Christian Brooks. The author reserves all rights. This work is not to be published or reproduced without the author's express consent. Any references to actual people living or dead is purely coincidental. Literotica.com is granted limited license to publish this work under their own rules and guidelines that are available for viewing on their website.
*************************
This night was one I will never forget, but she cannot remember. It's a shame, but a reality.
At the time of this story, Addy and I have been married for 10 years. However, only over the last 3 years have we had children. I'm Carl, a 35-year-old five foot ten dirty-blonde wide shoulder guy. Sure, a few pounds over ideal, but I'm fine with it. My wife, Addy, is a little younger than me at 32 and is a curvy five foot two brunette with massive breasts and a brilliant smile. I think she is hot as hell and I've seen more than a few guys drool over her.
Us having kids later than most of our friends had initially isolated us. Only in the last year have we found a group of friends that are near our age and still have school-age children. This started a trend of us spending weekend nights hanging out together with all our families. This is fun, but we have to limit the fun on those nights to PG 13 at the worst.
After a few months, we all agree we would like some decidedly adult time with all of us. We all decide that once or twice a month we will get babysitters and hang out at a bar, usually until closing. The bar we choose is smaller and not one of the town meat markets. This allows us to always get a large table and on Friday nights, they do karaoke.
Our group of friends sports a few talented singers, and it is always fun. Most of our friends live within walking distance to the bar, so the bulk of them drank a lot. We live seven miles in the other direction from them, so I always stay sober enough to drive us home. My wife, however, does not share the same level of control. But this leads to her finding fun ways to thank me.
Often when we leave the bar, and pass the only stoplight, my wife will pull up her shirt and down her pants or shorts and she touches herself while I drive home. This is incredibly sexy, and often I take out my penis to stroke it a little.
Unfortunately, modern vehicles make acts like this a little less safe, or fun. Whoever decided bench seats should not be in cars should get punished. Because of the shitty and small parking areas, we always take my wife's car, and it has the largest center console of any SUV on the market. So her reaching me or me reaching her is not only uncomfortable, it hurts. And in my case, I can't do it and drive. I wish we could take my old truck and solve this, but there is just no parking space for it.
The first several times we only touch ourselves and drive home. Once home, after the babysitter leaves, we have great sex.
This is good, but I want to have a little more fun. After several self-pleasure rides, I decide to kick it up a notch.
Early in the week, I drive the route we take from the bar toward home, searching for a suitable spot. I was looking for a perfect spot for us to park and mess around. It took a few hours, but I find it, and it is a perfect balance of risk and privacy. Down a street, right off our main path, is a small housing development. Probably 30 houses on a U from the main road. On either side of the U, there were roads that go past the houses leading to some small business, and it almost looked like a business park and made more of an H.
The businesses are the types that all close at five or six pm. So they won't provide any actual risk. On one side of the H, there are sidewalks and streetlights near the businesses. This is the spot I chose. I can drive up past the houses, turn around in a parking lot entry, and park by the sidewalk under the streetlight.
The road has a slight decline parked this direction, and the front of my vehicle slopes down slightly. Across the street and to the right are the fenced-in backyards for some houses. Realistically, only four houses have a view from back porches, kitchen windows, or upstairs bedroom windows. Or someone can catch us if they were walking on the sidewalks.
My plan was to come out here after the bar around 1:30 to 2:00 am. So I believe it is unlikely we will get caught, but it has enough level of risk we could be. The act of scoping the place out has me hard all by its self. And it is only a minute off our main route home.
When we leave the bar the next adult night out, I enact my plan. Before we leave the bar parking lot, I open the cover to the large moon roof of my wife's car. As we are driving, with only the slightest prompting from me, my drunk wife pulls up her shirt, takes down her shorts, and gets hard at work pleasuring herself.
About two minutes later, I'm pulling down off our main path to go to my chosen spot. I pull up and turn around, parking under the streetlight. It perfectly illuminates my wife laying back in the seat masturbating. Her fingers sliding in and out of her extremely wet pussy as she softly moans.
I take a moment to look around. Most of the lights of the houses across the street are out. One house has a TV on, and I notice a few heads watching it. I wish them to look out at us, but no amount of wishing does any good.
My wife doesn't register we are not moving. I take off my seatbelt and shift in my seat to better reach her. My first target is to play with her breasts and that elicits mewling sounds of pleasure as I pinch and twist her nipple. Next, I move my hand lower, joining her hands in her wetness. She feels me slide my finger into her and lets out a moan, prompting her to move her right leg to prop it up between the dashboard and the door. I silently hope someone walks by.
As she uses her fingers to find her G-spot, I use mine to torture her clit. Rubbing, flicking, and squeezing. Between both our ministrations, Addy is panting and cursing. Within a few minutes, she is shaking with a massive orgasm. I stroke her mons softly while she experiences waves of pleasure, and afterward massage her breasts gently. I know from experience she likes this after she cums.
After a few minutes, she pulls up her shorts to cover her soaking wet pussy, then says. "Let's go inside to fuck." It's only then that she realizes where we are. She pulls her seat up, tits still uncovered, and looks around. "You naughty boy."
Then she crawls up over the console and kisses me deeply. Tits still out.
"I thought it would be fun, and the chance to get caught is exciting."
She gives me another kiss, then sits back in her seat and pulls her shorts all the way off and spreads her legs wide. "Drive slowly through the neighborhood."
I put on my seatbelt and drive. I have to go back almost all the way to the main road, but pull in. Addy is holding her breasts up high for anyone to see. I turn on the inside light and she laughs and brings one hand down to spread her pussy lips.
I made three rounds around the neighborhood and unfortunately, no one saw. So I drove home. By the time I paid the babysitter and got her out the door (she was a talker), Addy had passed out. So I take a few to masturbate onto my passed out wife. It was a poor consolation prize, but I love seeing her glazed tits and face.
The next day, between caring for our kids, we spent a few minutes talking about what happened. She didn't mind that I glazed her and we both like the idea of using that spot, our spot, again.
Two weeks later and we were again at the bar. There were some memorable moments in the bar, but that's a different story. On our way home, we stopped at the same place. This time, there were people up in the houses. We even saw one couple fucking in the dining room. Not that we could make out detail, but it was hot. Again, my wife had a great orgasm with my help. The ones fucking in the dining room looked out towards us after they finished. They stood at the sliding glass door nude, looking our way. I like to think they saw something.
After Addy got off, she reaches over and awkwardly tries to give me a hand job. But she is too drunk, and it is too uncomfortable with the center console. I didn't cum, but I appreciated the attempt. When we get home, I fuck a half passed out Addy. She wakes for her orgasm but falls back asleep while I am still in her.
It was a month and a half before we can meet up at the bar again. At the bar, after only one drink, my wife said, "Carl, tonight I want you to do anything you want with me at our spot. Anything."
"Anything? So, like if I wanted to fuck you outside or honk the horn?"
Under the table, she unzips my pants and reaches in to grab my penis. As she is slowly stroking it, she says, "Anything. No limits. I give you full consent for anything and everything."
OH SHIT.
"I'm going to..."
Addy squeezes my penis. "Don't tell me. Just do it."
Oh hell.
"OK!"
She gives me a passionate kiss, and I notice one of our friends sees Addy is stroking me. She gives me a wink and a smile. And I'll be damned if I didn't get a little harder from it.
Addy stops well short of making me cum.
A few hours later and we are leaving the bar. When we get past the stoplight, I say, "Take everything off."
Addy smiles, "Yes, master."
As we are driving, she is stroking her breasts. A little before the turnoff, I see someone walking on the road. I slow down and stop next to them. "Hold them up for him to see." I roll down the passenger window and say, "Hey!"
The man looks over and sees Addy holding her tits up. His smile is huge and for maybe thirty seconds, I let him get all the views he wanted. He even put his hand down his pants. Then I pull away.
Addy asks, "Did you like him looking?"
"Yes, I did. If he wasn't so dirty looking, I would have told him to touch you."
While rubbing her pussy, she moans, "You would like that, wouldn't you?"
"Yes, I really would."
We pull up to our spot. I take a moment to look around and I see nothing of interest. So I get out and walk around the car. I open Addy's door, grab her hand and say, "Get out here with me."
Addy stands up and steps close to me. I close the door and push her up against it. The streetlight shining down on her beautifully nude body for anyone to see. I kiss her passionately and move to suck on her ear while playing with her breasts. She is moaning into my shoulder as I pinch and play. Slowly kissing down her neck, then working my way down to take a breast into my mouth. She lets out a gasp as I gently bite and pull at her nipples.
After a few minutes of me enjoying her breasts, she turns her hips inward and is twisting about. I know something big is working its way to the surface inside her. Leading her to the back of the SUV, I pop the hatch up. In back there are several emergency blankets. I put one on the ground for me and three over the opening.
Addy understands what I want and climbs up, laying back, bending her knees and putting her feet on the bumper. "Fucking take me Carl. I need you."
"Not yet! I need to enjoy your flavor and make you cum first."
I notice the huge smile on her face as I get on my knees in front of her and put my head between her legs. Next, pulling her feet over my shoulder and pulling her closer. She is beautifully smooth and bald. I rub my hands over her mons and bring my lips to hers. Her scent is enough to tempt me into diving right in. Instead, I take the time to kiss around her labia. I use my finger to open her up slightly. Next, I nibble down one side of her labia, then the other. Suckling it gently into my mouth and using my tongue to massage just the lips.
"OH fuck, that is so good," Addy whispers through a mewling moan.
I keep that up for a few minutes, running her lips up and down until I can feel she is getting close. Then I used my hands to open her up a little more and insert my tongue and softly lick up the length of her wetness. Running my tongue all the way up and over her swollen clitoris.
I repeat that action several times, pushing my tongue deeper and deeper, then ending by swirling around her clit. Addy purrs with my movement and takes deep breaths as my tongue swirls around. Next, I change to concentrating on her clit, sucking and swirling my tongue around while I insert two, then three fingers into her wetness.
"Ahhhh god, Carl! Oh shit! Oh, yes!" she moans as her body convulses around my fingers.
I continue to suck and finger her, wanting more. Wanting to make this much more. I curl my fingers up to find her G-spot. I find it, then pushing with light pressure and rubbing it while clamping down on her clit.
Abby, trying to not yell, pulls up the blanket and bites it. I keep her convulsing as muffled cries float out on the wind.
I lose all sense of time as she convulses through two more climaxes. Her body covered in a sheen of sweat.
I lap up some of her amazing life juices and pull off my shorts. Not wanting to give her a lot of time off before punishing that pussy again. I rub the head of my penis down her slit, covering it in her juices.
Then I hear, "Holy shit, that was hot! $200 to let me fuck her right now."
I look behind me off to the right and discover the source of the offer. It's a guy probably a few years younger than me. A fit-looking guy that is undeniably better looking than I am. He wears expensive clothes and holding out $200.
Thing is, had he just asked, I would have let him take seconds. Hell, I would have probably let him take her first. The money is unnecessary. The thrill of seeing another man fuck Addy turns me on at this moment so much. I'm here to protect her, but she gave ultimate consent.
But I'm also not stupid. I'll take the cash.
I reach over to a compartment at the side of the back and open it. Inside is a box of condoms (there is a story there) and I pull out one.
"OK, you must use this and I must verify that you put it on properly with no rips." I grab the money and give him the condom.
He drops his pants and underwear and puts on the condom. It's odd checking a guy's condom out, but this is the protect my wife part.
"OK, take her now before she calms down too much."
Next, I watch something incredible. This unknown man, who I notice is also wearing a wedding ring, pushes his penis into my wife. That act made my penis throb.
To be clear, in no way do I like penis. But seeing Addy being entered by another man does something for me.
He is going slow. "You are not making love to her. Fuck her. Put some force into it."
This unknown man pounds balls deep into Addy. Moaning like it's the hardest thing on earth.
Addy is grunting with pleasure. She doesn't appear near climax, but it definitely seems good to her.
The man pounds her for what seems like two minutes before he's jerking around spent. He stays in for a few more moments, getting it all out.
"Hold the base of the condom while you pull out."
The man seems confused, but does what I say.
"You do that to prevent it from rolling back up or catching and ripping when you pull out. Safer that way. Now step out of the way."
He complies, but is standing closer this time, watching as I press my penis into her. Fuck, he paid $100 a minute, so I guess he can get an up close view.
I slowly push in all the way and Addy cries out, "Oh Carl, it so big." That's an ego boost. Yeah, I noticed I was bigger than the rando dude, but it's still nice to get a response like that.
I push into Addy and build up a semi-fast rhythm, going deep with each thrust. She wraps her legs around me, pulling me deeper. As I'm pounding her, I reach up and gently twist and pull at her nipples. She lets out a mewling hiss and starts panting in a short "Oh fuck, Oh yes, Oh fuck." pants.
The rando guy is masturbating next to us.
I keep fucking her hard and then shift my hips to change the angle to where I know her g-spot is. I pump hard, and she is convulsing with every thrust. Next, I bend over and take a breast into my mouth while still pushing in hard. She pulls at my hair and claws at my back. I can feel we are both close.
The side of my vision catches rando dude spewing over the bumper of Addy's SUV.
Addy says, "Come in me. Fill me up. I want it inside me."
I comply and that sends us both off the edge. It feels like I'm shooting out more cum than I think I produce in six months. I'm filling her up and she is clamping down on me hard over and over. Effectively milking me for more and more. My ears pop and a wave of heat washes over me. I slow down and gently come to a stop.
Still inside of Addy, I feel her lay still, then convulse several times as she comes down from her climax. She is so full it's spilling out around my penis. After a minute, I pull out.
Rando dude says, "I want to clean her out."
Did I hear that right? This guy wants to clean out my cum filled wife. Holy shit.
Addy says, "No. No."
After about fifteen seconds, she says, "Yes, fucking clean me out. Now!"
The dude wastes no time. He's down between her legs, eating our cum from Addy. It's odd, knowing I came like a racehorse and this dude is taking it all with a smile. And I'm almost ashamed to say I got rock hard watching. I started stroking while he is cleaning her out.
I give him five minutes and tell him enough. But I'm not done. I push back into Addy and she screams, "Oh, Jesus, Carl! Oh fuck! I can't! Oh god it's so good! Shit!" It doesn't take long, but I pound out another orgasm for us both. She is clamping down on me while I'm filling her with more cum. No clue how I have a drop left, but every bit is being drained.
The random dude moves to clean her out again. Holy shit. "No, I want that in her for the ride home."
He gives me a big grin.
We both get our pants back on and I help Addy to the front seat.
The rando dude puts the blankets in the back and closes the hatch. "Holy shit dude, that was fucking amazing! Come by here next Friday and I'll take you to visit my tied up and blindfolded wife. Names Alex. Good to meet you and your wife Carl."
He writes his personal number on the back of his business card and hands it to me. "Call me Thursday afternoon if you are interested."
He gives me an arm shake that turns into a hug.
Shit, the invite for his wife got me hard again. This is ridiculous, but fucking hot.
I drive home while Addy, fully nude, lays sleeping in the front seat. I'm an excellent driver and never get pulled over. But when I passed four cops, I just about shit myself. Thankfully, none could see low enough into the car, so we made it and thinking about them possibly seeing her got me hard again. Not even sure how that was physically possible. This was the hottest night of my life and I guess your body can do astonishing things.
We pull into our garage, and I pop the trunk. The cum soaked emergency blankets need washed, so I wanted to get them into the laundry room. I left Addy in the car to come back and get her.
There are two ways into our house from the garage. One that goes into the laundry room that then attaches to a hall where you can get to our master. The other is through another door into my office. That you can go through into the main living area, then turn down the hall to the master.
I put the blankets in the washer when I hear "Addy, are you OK?" from the front room. From our babysitter. Shit. She went the other way. That means she walked in nude, right in front of where our babysitter would watch TV.
I go from the laundry room towards the master and standing inside the room; I see our babysitter staring at Addy. Addy who is nude, laying half on the bed sideways with her legs spread wide and pussy dripping cum. Passed out.
Shit. I am stunned into no motion for a few moments.
The babysitter says, "Is that cum?"
Shit. "Yes."
I pickup Addy and put her in the bed properly. Covering her and giving her a kiss.
I turn and notice the babysitter wiping up cum drops from the hardwood floor in the entry area and my office with her fingers. She goes to the bathroom. I hope to wash it off.
Now for the awkward part. "Ready for me to drive you home?"
She laughs. "Yeah, let me grab my bag."
I check on the kids, and they are sound asleep. I turn on the baby monitor and put the receiver by Addy. The kids are old enough to sleep through the night, but if something happens, Addy is the type to wake right up, even in her state.
We take my old truck, as Addy's car smells like sex. I look forward to a blissfully silent 20 minute drive. But that wasn't in the cards.
The babysitter says, "Seeing Addy like that was so fucking hot, and seeing the cum drip out of her made me wet."
Now this might sound like the start of a good story. But it's not. There is an enormous problem.
Unfortunately, our normal babysitter was sick, and we really wanted to go out. I wanted what happened so badly I called in a reserve.
The problem goes beyond not having a working car and living twenty minutes away. The real problem is this babysitter is my 19-year-old niece. Well, step-niece actually. Her name is Lanna.
My step-niece, Lanna, says, "Do you want to see me, wet?"
F-U-C-K
"No, that's horribly inappropriate."
She gives me a cute smile. "OK, you can just listen."
What the fuck?
I'm driving, but as we drive under a streetlight, I see she has her hand in her pants. And within a minute, I can hear wet noises and her moaning. I did not even glance in that direction for the rest of the trip. But I caught the musky fragrance she was letting off.
Damn it!
I reach Lanna's apartment building and don't even get to stop the truck before she lifts the armrest and slides over and gives me a hug. She says, "I love you, uncle Cal." Suddenly, she shoves her fingers in my mouth. They were wet. "Now have a taste," she says as she shoves them deeper.
I'm in shock. I'm conflicted, but I have to admit to myself she tasted good. Fantastic actually.
She pulls her fingers out, and while my mouth is still slightly open, kisses me and pushes her tongue in, entwining it with mine. I'm lost for a moment, but then push her away. "We cannot."
She looks at me. "No one would know."
"I would. We cannot."
She sits there for a moment. Then she says, "OK, I understand. Good night uncle Cal. I love you."
As she is closing the door, I say, "I love you too."
She looks back at that, and I swear I see lust in her eyes.
F-U-C-K.
That should be the end of this story, but it's not.
I get home and check on the kids and Addy. They are all out for the night. I curl up in bed, conflicted about many things. But I decide to only think about this hot ass night and I fall asleep hard again. Not sure how.
The next morning, after I nurse Addy back to the living and we get a few minutes alone, I ask her about our roadside activities. And... She doesn't remember! She remembers getting out of the car naked and that is it.
It has to wait until the kids go to bed, but I tell her everything and we fuck ourselves unconscious after discussing it. Addy wishes she remembers. I left out the part about Lanna getting wet, seeing cum drip from her pussy. I just couldn't. Not today. I want to remember the good parts with Addy.
A few days later, I get an email from Lanna. It's starts off as a nice email about what's going on with her school and when she'll be going. But she added a PS, "I got to view your wife naked, so it's only fair you get to have a peek at me." And at the bottom had a topless photo of her. I had to admit, she has a nice nubile set of tits.
The next day, I got another email from Lanna. This one saying "You should get to see what you eat." It included a picture of her on her bed, naked, with legs spread, pussy open, and her own cum dripping down her inner thigh.
I am ashamed to say I looked at that a lot. Way more than a lot. Saved a to secure and private set of pictures a lot. I'm going to hell.
I emailed her back saying thank you, but please stop sending nude photos. She apologized and agreed.
The next day, Lanna found my Snapchat.
F-U-C-K
There is only so much...
Perhaps I need to tell Addy. Maybe.