Author's notes: This story may be read as a standalone. It also serves as a follow-up to Twisted and Road Boys. Contains, amongst other things, BDSM, humiliation, anal sex, cheating, and references to a schoolgirl / teacher relationship.
Rare Breeds
'So,' Dan said, 'this is where you went to school?'
Sarah strode down the empty hall, her ponytails swinging side to side. 'It hasn't changed one bit,' she said over her shoulder.
From behind, she really could pass for a student at Fairview Secondary. Her skirt fell short of regulation, but otherwise the uniform was authentic, down to the emblazoned tie. They had spared no expense.
'Still a shit-hole,' Issy said, and the girls giggled. 'I can't believe you still teach here, Mr Redding.'
'What can I say?' Tom replied, 'I like young people.'
'If only they liked you back,' Issy said, deadpan.
Her cutting sarcasm brought back countless memories. When Issy was a schoolgirl, she was a fierce little tiger—a gifted brat—which had made her irresistible to tame. Her subsequent training, dangerous as it was, had been rewarding beyond measure.To hell with the consequences,Tom remembered thinking, and the truth was that he thought so still. Recent experience proved that grown-up Issy never changed her stripes. She was trouble then, she was trouble now, and as far as he was concerned, she remained worth the gamble.
He locked the entrance to the building and surveyed the grounds through the glass doors. Satisfied they had entered without being seen, he turned and considered the three uniformed ne'er-do-wells: Issy, Sarah, and Dan. They had come to school on a Sunday to sin, and Tom intended to double down and sin with conviction. The day called for it. How could the coincidences that brought about this escapade be anything other than providence?
Crazy,he thought as they made a beeline for the gym.It's only been three weeks since that date with Issy.

~~~

As far as posh supermarkets go, the Pemberley Waitrose reigned supreme.
Tom held a bag of coffee beans in each hand.
'Just pick one already,' his wife said.
'Give me a minute. I'm not familiar with the brands here.'
'Love, this is unbearable. Come find me when you're done.'
'That's alright, darling, go do your thing,' he said, but she was already halfway down the aisle.
Monsoon Malabar. Smooth, earthy, and spicy.I could go for that,he thought. Then again, Morning Blend sounded good too, despite its modest name. Lively, fruity, and full-flavoured.
'Mr Redding?' said a female voice.
'Hmm?' Tom replied absent-mindedly, and then he recognised her. 'Oh my God, Issy?'
Instinctively, they embraced, holding each other tight. He lay his head on hers and scanned the aisle for his wife. She was nowhere to be seen.
If not for still holding the coffee, Tom's muscle-memory urge to grab a fistful of Issy's hair may have overcome his good sense. Instead, he savoured the smell of her, and indulged in the rising memory of when she used to be his teenaged fuck toy.
They finally broke their hug.
'You're a woman,' he said, mentally contrasting his vision with his memory.
'Oh no!' she said, looking down at her Ramones t-shirt and curiously prodded her breasts. 'Am I?'
'I mean—'
'You look good too, Mr Redding,' she said, letting him off the hook.
'Thank you,' he said. 'I work out, you know?'
His gym routine was an old joke, which, judging by her smile, she still remembered.
'Please call me Tom,' he said.
'Never,' Issy replied, her eyes bright and expectant.
Her vows of defiance was another private joke, the punchline to which was a certain brat's regret. At least, it was fun to pretend she regretted her bad behaviour when the consequences came to bear.
Meeting her gaze, he said, 'We'll see about that.'
How quickly did they settle back into their old routine?It's like no time has passed at all,Tom thought, excited about the opportunities this would afford.
Their conversation turned to the normal cadence of questions and answers between a former student and teacher.How are you? Where did you study? What are you doing now?
As her maths and PE teacher, Tom would have bet money on Issy doing well in life, and he was delighted to hear of her success as a software engineer at a video game company. Good for her.
He noticed there was no ring on her finger. 'Boyfriend?' he asked.
'Many,' she said.
'Of course. Everyone is poly these days, right?'
'Works for me,' she said. 'And you? Still married?'
'Yes, Olivia and I are still going strong. And Kate, my daughter, is great. A formidable teen.'
'I like her already,' Issy said approvingly.
'She's not as feisty as you were, thank God.'
'So you'd like tothink,' Issy joked.
Tom feigned distress, saying, 'Perish the thought.'
Her grin was downright evil.
'Joking aside,' he said. 'She reminds me a lot of you. Smart. Outspoken. Knows what she wants, and is completely fearless. I couldn't be more proud of her.'
'Mr Redding, you're gonna make me cry.'
There was no sarcasm in her voice. The compliment genuinely meant the world to her.
'Listen, I have to go,' he said. 'Lunch at the parents-in-law. We're just visiting Pemberley. Do you live here?'
'I do. Moved here two years ago.'
'Good decision, great place,' Tom said, and then he asked, 'What are you doing this coming Saturday?'
'Going on a date with you,' she replied.
'You always were a clever little thing,' he said. 'I'm refereeing a hockey match in the afternoon. Let's do coffee in the morning?'
'You sure love your coffee, huh?'
Tom held up Monsoon Malabar and Morning Blend. 'Which one would you pick?' he asked.
'Morning Blend,' Issy said decisively, before turning around and leaving Tom to appreciate the quality of skinny jeans.

~~~

The Hitching Post Café bustled with patrons, even this early.
On an ordinary day, the siren smell of coffee, bread, and bacon would have snared him, but as it were, on this day, they held no allure. Tom desired nothing but the creature sitting alone at the corner table, draped in summer sunlight.
Issy wore a white floral dress decked with cherry pink, and sandals to match. Sunglasses pinned her strawberry-blonde hair behind her ears.
She rose when she saw him and bounded to him like a puppy. They hugged, and she kissed him on the cheek.
Tom realised how much he had missed her touch. And then she whispered in his ear, 'I shaved for you, Mr Redding.'
He had given her this instruction fifteen years ago in his garden shed:keep it smooth for me.
'Get your handbag,' Tom said, 'We're leaving.'
They rushed out of the café hand-in-hand. His car was just down the road, but they didn't make it before his lust got the better of him.
Tom pulled Issy into an alleyway and pushed her up against the side of the building. She gasped a soft moan when he felt under her knickers. Her wild eyes darted back and forth as they studied each other. She leaned forward, and they kissed. A quick, aggressive first kiss, shortly followed by the manic kissing of lovers denied. Tom continued to rub her pussy as they made out, and the wetter she became, the more vigorous he turned.
Issy was blessed with the ability to climax at the drop of a hat.Do you know how lucky you are?he had asked her once after she came a minute into anal sex. Heck, he had even made her come just by sucking her nipples.
It was no surprise that Issy was close now.
Tom vibrated his hand so hard and fast that any bystander wouldhearexactly how wet she was. He muffled her moaning with a firm hand over her mouth. Before long, her body began shaking.
Her orgasm would sustain itself, so Tom used this moment to crouch and yank her knickers down. He licked her clit until her pleasure subsided, and then he committed to eating her pussy until she came again.
A morning jogger interrupted his plan and reminded Tom of where they were and what they were actually doing. The runner exclaimed something unintelligible as he rounded the corner.
Issy laughed.
'We should probably go,' Tom said, standing up.
'I like to be watched,' she said playfully.
Tom held up her pink lace knickers to his face and smelled it. 'I'm keeping these,' he said, shoving them into his pocket, before replying to her revealed exhibitionism, 'I'd rather not be arrested.'
No sooner had they entered his car than Issy unbuckled his belt, unzipped his trousers, and sucked his cock.
He should have stopped her, butholy shit. As a teen, Issy had never been able to take all of him, but now his dick was entirely in her throat. She pushed her face flush against his crotch and even licked the top of his balls.How?he wondered, perplexed.
Having proved how capable she had grown, Issy settled into a rhythm, sucking and jerking him from top to bottom.
People walked past the car. Did they see? Tom had no idea, but he found that he no longer cared about discovery. He received this pleasure to the exclusion of reason and caution.
It happened that the same jogger from the alleyway was running down the pavement. Tom watched the man approach as he held on to Issy's bobbing head. They made eye contact through the window, and it's at this moment that Tom blew his load.
Issy squealed in delight. Tom grunted in ecstasy. The runner shouted something unintelligible again before disappearing behind the car.
Tom's cock continued twitching. Issy had somehow swallowed his enormous load without stopping the blowjob. She kept sucking hard over his head. The sensation was debilitatingly intense, almost too much to handle. As well as being a brat, it appeared that Issy had graduated to become a sadist.
Have it your way,he thought.
Tom forced her head down to his balls and pinched her nose shut. To her credit, it took longer than he expected for her to struggle against him. He gave it a full ten seconds after she tried to pull away before letting her come up for air.
She gasped sharply. Thick saliva hung from her mouth and her mascara had started to bleed.
'How did I do?' she asked, breathing hard.
'You are a wonder, baby girl. You did so well. And you look so beautiful.' Tom reached for his phone. 'Stay just like that.'
He took a photo of her. 'You like to be watched, you said?'
Issy nodded.
'I'm going to post this on Kinki.'
'Ooh, what's that?' she said as she wiped her face. 'Like a porn site?'
'More like Insta for kinksters. Kinky with an 'i' dot com. We should create a profile for you.'
'Sounds like my kind of website.'
Tom started the car.
'Where to, Mr Redding?'
'It's high time we fuck each other's brains out, don't you think?'
'I concur.'
'Let's go to Pemberley Forest. Not as public as here, but dangerous enough that we may get caught. Feels like the right balance.'
'How do you know me so well?' Issy said.

~~~

The Wild Goose had tinted windows, and if that was not enough to pique suspicion, the curiously-dressed people that entered the building every second Friday of the month, would alert even the most casual observer that this was a place for those of a 'darker' persuasion.
Dan was in the basement. After midnight, the party moved from the pub to the dungeon below.
Sarah adjusted his leather harness, then gave him a kiss and a wink. A man he did not know, led her away.
'Hey handsome,' said a familiar voice.
'Maria!' he said, turning to her. 'It's been forever, how're you?'
They hugged, and Dan stepped back to admire her outfit. 'God, look at you. Hot as fuck.'
Maria did a twirl, beaming. Her underbust corset was a combination of leather and lace.
'Is that one piece?' he asked.
'Yep. Cost a fucking fortune, but I love how it shows off my tits.'
'It certainly does that. When did you get your nipples pierced?'
'Two weeks ago,' she said, shimmying her breasts. 'Still hurts like a bitch. You like them?'
'Ilovethem.'
Maria responded by pouting and speaking in bimbo, 'Be gentle with my boobies when you fuck me later, okaaay?'
His himbo impression left a lot to be desired, but that didn't stop him from trying. 'Totes. Your tits are safe with me, babe.'
'You think I'mthateasy?' she said, her voice back to normal.
He raised an eyebrow and said, 'You're not?'
'You need to play your cards right,' she said, hand on hip, 'if you want to get with me.'
'You mean I need to buy you drinks.'
'He gets it,' she said to an imaginary person next to her.
'Let's get some drinks then.'
'In a minute. I want to admire your wife for a bit first.'
Dan turned around to see Sarah being spitroasted on one of the benches. She, and the two gents using her, had attracted a sizable audience. The dude in front pulled out of her mouth and slapped her in the face with his dick. 'Harder!' Sarah begged. The man obliged by slapping her with his hand. He followed this by spitting on her and shoving his cock back in her mouth. The guy behind Sarah seemed to take a cue from his friend and started smacking Sarah's arse on the downbeat of his thrusting.
'Incredible,' Maria said.
'She really is,' he mused.
The upstairs bar was mostly vacant, which meant they didn't have to queue for drinks.
They were chatting with a few acquaintances when Joanne approached them. 'Hello everybody,' the organiser said. 'This is Lucy.'
The group greeted the shy brunette. She wore black lingerie with a garter belt, thigh-high stockings, and high heels.
'It's Lucy's first time at an event like this,' Joanne said. 'She's looking for a man to spank her.'
'I'd be delighted,' Dan said, before the others could volunteer.You snooze, you lose, guys.
'Thanks Dan. You're in good hands, Lucy.'
'I can vouch for him too,' Maria said. 'He learned from the legendary Joanne herself, and perfected his craft on me.'
'I'll catch you later,' Dan said to Maria, giving her an appreciative nod for her endorsement.
He led Lucy down to the basement, and asked, 'Have you ever been spanked?'
'I asked my ex once, during doggy, but he wasn't into it. And nothing like this.' She gestured to a woman being flogged on a dungeon cross.
'Let's ease you in and see if you enjoy it.'
'Sounds good.'
Dan found an empty spanking bench, and spent a minute cleaning it with disinfectant and wet wipes.
'Ready?'
Lucy nodded.
'Okay, hop on,' he said, patting the black padding.
She straddled the bench.
'If you bend your elbows, you can actually lie down flat. It's important that you're comfortable. If you're not, let me know.'
'This is comfy,' she said, wiggling her body before lying still.
'I'm going to spank you with my hand first,' Dan said matter-of-factly. 'And later we can try some paddles and floggers. They all feel quite different.'
'Okay.'
'I'll check in with you every so often. I'll ask you to rate the pain between one and ten. We're aiming for sixes and sevens, maybe an eight here and there. Make sense?'
'I think so,' she said. 'Yeah.'
'Perfect,' Dan said. 'Now, to me, spanking is more than just going to town on someone's arse, so I'm going to ask you a few consent questions, for things I like to do. You can say no to anything, no pressure, okay? And if you say yes now and change your mind later, you can do that too. Just say so. There's no safe word or anything like that. Just speak up.'
'Got it,' Lucy said.
'You nervous?'
'A little.'
'That's natural and good,' he reassured her. 'It heightens the experience.'
Dan abandoned his instructor's voice and adopted a deeper, more intimate tone. 'Do you give me permission to touch your body? I want to feel your back... your thighs... your bum.'
'Yes,' Lucy said softly.
'During the session, may I remove your knickers or bra?'
She paused before answering, 'Yes.'
'Are you sure?'
'Yes,' she replied without hesitation.
'May I touch your tits, play with your nipples?'
Lucy bit her lip and nodded. 'Uh huh.'
'What about your pussy? No penetration, but may I touch you?'
'Yes.'
'Lastly, may I hold your neck or pull your hair?'
'Yes.'
The full service it is,Dan thought.Heaven bless kinky women.
Leaning in close, he said, 'I'm going to spank you now, Lucy.'
Dan straightened. He rested one hand on her lower back, and touched her thigh. She trembled, much to his satisfaction. Feeling her quiver alone could serve as sufficient reward, and yet, there was so much more to come.
God, I love this,he thought, mentally pinching himself.
Over her knickers, over her naked skin, Dan continued to caress Lucy, until at last, he slapped one of her cheeks. Her involuntary twitch proved that his first hit, reserved as it was, had landed as a surprise.
Dan repeated his varied touches and taps for a minute, and even introduced her bottom to a few kisses for good measure. He also made sure to brush his fingers over her pussy every so often, and to his profound delight, Lucy sucked her lip every time he teased her.
His first real slap made her yelp. 'How was that?' he asked. 'One to Ten.'
'Six?' she said, unsure.
He spanked her hard again, and then one more, harder still. 'Now?' he asked.
'Eight!' she replied, then quickly corrected herself. 'No, seven. It's a seven.'
Funny,he thought.These will feel like fours to her in a moment.
Dan gripped the back of her neck. So held, a primal trigger would flood her body with adrenaline. Lucy's resulting thrill from the perceived danger lived in the battle between her instinct and her knowledge that she was, in fact, in a safe space with someone she could probably trust.
Striking while the iron's hot, Dan spanked her arse repeatedly on the same spot—solid impacts with increasing severity.
'Ow!' Lucy laugh-cried after his final whack.
'Eight?' Tom suggested.
'Yeah,' Lucy agreed, grimacing. 'Fuck, that was intense.'
Dan released her neck, and moved behind her, between her legs.
Removing a woman's knickers was one of life's great pleasures, so he took Lucy's, and slid them down slowly, first revealing her cute little arsehole, and finally her wet puffy lip-line. Was there a finer view than a well-spanked and exposed woman? He could think of none.
Dan kissed each of her red cheeks before standing and stepping to Lucy's side again. He proceeded to grip a fistful of her hair with his dominant hand, and then he pulled her up, elbows straight, back arching. Cupping one of her pert breasts over the lace of her bra, he flicked his thumb over her nipple.
'Do you like being spanked, Lucy?' he whispered in her ear.
'Fuck yes!'
'Good girl,' he said, letting her go. 'Stay up like this.'
Dan fetched a wooden and leather paddle from the closest equipment rack, as well as a flogger that hung from the wall. He used the leather paddle on her first, and worked up to the wooden one.
As he orchestrated his symphony of pain, Dan was left with little doubt that Lucy would remain a lifelong and devoted spankee. She took a hell of a beating for an initiate and he could tell her experience bordered on the transcendent.
Caught up in the moment, Dan misjudged one strike with the wooden paddle.
'Ten!' Lucy shouted.
With her crescendo, he concluded the session. The flogger would have to wait for another day. Instead, he ran the tails gently over her body—like chimes, soft and comforting.
'You did incredibly well, Lucy.'
'Fuck me,' she breathed.
'It's intense, right?' he said, mistaking her meaning.
'No,fuckme,' she said desperately. 'Please. I need you to fuck me.'
You snooze, you lose,he thought.
Dan grabbed a condom from a nearby bowl and stepped behind Lucy, who was still lying on the spanking bench. She reached back and pulled her cheeks apart. He rolled on the rubber, thrust inside her cunt, and fucked her until she squirted all over him and the apparatus.
While he was still deep in Lucy, revelling in his own orgasm, he looked up and saw that Maria was also having a good night. She was bouncing on a dick on the other side of the room. Apparently having admired his handiwork from afar, Maria applauded him silently, and then she pointed at him and mouthed, 'You're next.'

~~~

By 9am, Dan and Sarah were home, showered, and cuddled up in bed.
'Oh, before I forget,' Sarah said, reaching for her phone. 'I need to add this dude I met to Kinki.'
'Okay, dear,' Dan said sleepily.
'He's a savage bastard. I don't want to lose touch.'
'Hmm...'
'No!' Sarah blurted out. 'I don't believe it.'
'What?' Dan said, abruptly alert.
Sarah inspected her mobile intently. 'Fuck me. It's her. It's really her.'
'Who? What's going on?'
'This girl,' Sarah said, showing him the picture. 'I know her. She was my best friend at school. We played hockey together. Haven't spoken to her in like ten years.'
'Looks like she chowed down on a big cock.'
'It does, doesn't it?' Sarah said. 'Issy, Issy, how the fuck are you in my timeline...? Okay, Maria liked the picture twenty minutes ago... It was uploaded by NumbersGuy... Looking at his profile now... Older guy... Nice body... No face pics... No others of Issy either...'
'She's hot,' Dan said.
'Yeah, the boys loved her. She was a massive slut.'
'Like you?'
Sarah hit his arm. 'I was very reserved at school.'
'So, she fucked a lot of boys?'
'Not just the boys,' she replied.
Dan was about to enquire further when Sarah frantically tapped his shoulder. 'He's going live.'
'Huh?'
'NumbersGuy started a live stream!'
Dan switched on the TV mounted to their bedroom wall. 'Cast it.'
The video showed the dash of a car with trees in the background. Then the camera panned.
Issy smiled at them, but her expression quickly changed, contorting.
'Oh. My. God,' Sarah said. 'What is happening?'
'Looks like she's pleasuring herself,' Dan pointed out.
'Is there sound?' Sarah said. 'Please let there be sound.'
Dan turned up the volume, and sure enough, Issy's moaning filled their bedroom.
The camera tilted down. Issy sat low on the passenger seat, her dress hiked up to her belly. She raised one leg, rested it on the dashboard, and played with her pussy. The camera moved in for a close-up.
'Smack it,' said a man's voice.
Issy obeyed, slapping her slit.
'Good, now fuck yourself.'
Using her middle and ring finger, she fucked herself.
'Babe,' Dan said. 'I'm jerking off.'
'Good call,' she said.
They kicked the blanket off the bed. Dan's dick rose out of his boxers like the Tower of Babel. Sarah lifted her bum and removed her underwear. By the time she pulled up her nightie and spread her legs, the video had zoomed out to show Issy more fully.
A hand entered the frame.
'Here we go,' Dan said, stroking his cock.
The man undid the front tie of Issy's dress. 'Let's show the world your beautiful titties,' he said as he helped her breasts out of her clothes. 'Gorgeous, aren't they, folks?'
'I envied her so much at school,' Sarah said. 'Mine are too big. Look at her cute little nipples.'
'I prefer yours, babe.'
'Aww, thanks hon.'
As if he could hear them, the man pinched Issy's cute little nipples. 'This is long overdue, folks. I can't wait any longer.'
The camera panned back to the windshield. There was a mobile phone holder, which the man promptly removed. Next, he opened the door and did a full turn outside the car, showing their surroundings. It looked like they were in a parking area of a forest somewhere. He opened the back door on the driver's side and the view became obscured.
Moments later, the video cleared to show the man sitting in the back seat. Most of his body filled the frame, but his face remained hidden.
'Oh I see,' Dan said. 'He's mounted the phone on the back door.'
'No shit,' Sarah said, her voice a little higher than normal.
'Look at the size of this motherfucker's dick.'
'I'm ready,' the man said.
Seconds later, Issy's arse entered the frame. She stepped backwards between the front seats, and placed her feet on the back seat to the sides of the man. Her hand reached under to grab his cock and guide it to her pussy.
They both moaned as she lowered herself.
Issy moved her hips like a belly dancer's over his lap, presumably to validate the position and angle. Seemingly satisfied, she placed both hands on the top of the front seats, and started to fuck.
One would think she'd begin slow and ramp up, but no, Issy rode like a lawman was on her tail. Not to be outdone, the man gripped her thighs, smacked them, and shouted encouragement.
It was Issy's utterances that particularly did it for Dan. At first, she simply called out, 'Fuck, fuck, fuck,' but this soon devolved to moans, grunts, and growls that spoke more to the truth than words ever could.
When Issy climaxed, so did Dan. He sprayed his cum all over his pyjama top. 'Jesus, that was my fifth since midnight.'
'I'm close,' Sarah said as she held a wand to her clit.
On the live stream, Issy had turned around and straddled the man. She pulled her dress over her head, which was just out of frame. She leaned forward and it was evident that they were kissing. The sex turned sensual. Issy moved slowly over him, and he cupped her breasts as they continued kissing.
Leaning over to his wife, Dan licked her nipple through her silk nightie, and before long, she orgasmed as well. 'Aaah, that feels so good. And well done, Issy. Girl canfuck.'
Dan returned his attention to the TV.
Issy leaned back and the man moved forward into view, sucking her tits.
'Fuck off!' Sarah said. 'That's Mr Redding!'
'What?'
'Mr Redding. My secondary school maths teacher. NumbersGuy! Duh. Ithoughthe sounded familiar. Oh, my God, she's still fucking him?'
'Wait, hold up.Still?What's the story there?'
'I don't know the full details,' Sarah said. 'She never confided in me, but yeah, they were fucking while we were still in school.'
'You're joking,' Dan said, incredulous.
On the stream, Issy was now facing the camera, moving forward and back. The guy, Mr Redding, was outside of the vehicle, fucking Issy from behind.
'True story,' Sarah said. 'She practically threw herself at him and he couldn't resist the catch.'
Issy reached forward, took the phone, and held it under her so that their Kinki audience got a clear view of the man's cock and balls slamming into her. So close, the sound of their bodies slapping was amplified.
'It doesn't look like they have any regrets,' Dan remarked.
Mr Redding took the phone from Issy and showed his point of view of the action.
'I want to hook up with them,' Sarah said.
Dan recognised that tone in her voice. There would be no stopping her in this endeavour.
Issy backed out of the car, turned, and dropped to her haunches. Mr Redding stroked his dick over her eager face until he ejaculated.
'I mean,' Dan said, 'they're a catch. How could we resist?'
Issy smiled and blew a sticky kiss to the camera. The view shifted to show the entrance to the parking area, and a car turning in.
'Hope you enjoyed that, folks,' Mr Redding said, and the live stream ended.

~~~

'It's agreed then,' Issy said. 'We break in on Sunday.'
'It's hardly a break-in. I have the keys to the school.'
'Shush, don't spoil it, Mr Redding.'
They were back at the Hitching Post, sitting around a table adorned with coffee, tea, and crumpets.
'I've been meaning to thank you, Sarah,' Tom said. 'For reaching out, and for brainstorming this reunion heist.'
'Heist! Yes, much better,' Issy said.
'You're welcome, Tom,' Sarah said. 'How could we not message you after the show you put on.'
'It was hot,' Dan agreed.
'You think so?' Issy asked.
'Put it this way, we both masturbated watching you, and that was after a long night of debauchery.'
'Really, you jerked off to us? Aww, I love that. I definitely want to stream again. It was a massive thrill knowing people were watching.'
'I know what you mean,' Sarah said. 'It's one of the reasons I like going to dungeons.'
'Who knew you were sofilthy?' Issy said, impressed.
'Idid not, for the first year we dated,' Dan said. 'Dark horse, this one.'
'It's not exactly something to advertise. The things you did'—Sarah gestured to Tom and Issy—'and the things I did,the degradation I need, are legit fucked up. It's the type of stuff that makes people run for the hills. I got lucky with you, hon.'
'You're a rare breed,' Issy said, taking Sarah's hands in hers. 'I'm so happy you're living your authentic self and that you've found your people. I'm a little in awe of you actually, and ecstatic that we've reunited. Long may we be fucked up together.'
Tom raised his cup. 'Here's to being a bunch of fucked up rare breeds.'
'Rare breeds,' Dan toasted, and the girls repeated the sentiment.
'Right,' Tom said, 'Back to business. When we're in the building, we should go to the gym first...'

~~~

Laughter echoed through the halls of Fairview Secondary.
'Jesus, this thing is heavy,' Tom complained as he lugged the gymnastics crash mat with Dan's help.
'Put your back into it, old man,' Issy said.
It amused Dan how Issy kept poking the bear.I can't wait,he thought,for Tom to reward her snark.
When they reached Tom's classroom, Sarah held the door open while they dragged their makeshift mattress through the entrance.
As soon as the mat crashed to the floor, Issy was airborne. She landed with a thud, face down and spread-eagled. Her muffled voice expressed approval. 'This is perfect.'
Sarah placed her kink utility bag on Tom's desk. 'I thought chalkboards were a thing of the past,' she said. 'Aren't you supposed to use whiteboards now?'
'I refuse,' Tom said.
'Can't teach an old dog—'
Tom lifted Issy off the mat, sat on a nearby chair, and draped her over his lap.
Here we go,Dan thought.
'Don't.' SLAP.
'Talk.' SLAP.
'Back.' SLAP.
While Issy received her comeuppance, Dan and Sarah arranged their accessories on the desk. These included vibrators, wet wipes, towels, water, lube, and a cane.
'Ow,' Issy cried. 'I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Mr Redding. Ow! Ow! Ow!'

~~~

Issy, Sarah, and Dan sat at student desks in the front of the class.
'Well, aren't you a dumb bitch,' Tom said, hovering over Sarah. 'Why don't you know the answer?'
'I didn't do my homework,' Sarah said nervously.
'But I can see your homework right there.' He tapped the paper on her desk.
'I made a mistake.'
'Of course you fucking did.'
'I copied Issy's homework,' Sarah confessed, sounding on the verge of tears, 'but I made a mistake.'
'So, you're a useless cunt too,' he said as savagely as he could muster. 'Is this true, Issy? Did you let her copy your homework?'
'Yes, sir,' she whispered.
Tom grabbed Issy's wrist and one of Sarah's ponytails and dragged them out of their desks. 'You've embarrassed yourselves,' he said, leading them to the front. 'You've embarrassed this class and this school.' He pulled them right up to the chalkboard and stepped back.
'If you like embarrassment so much, fine. Take off your skirts.'
'No, sir,' Issy protested. 'That's wrong, sir.'
'What did I say about talking back?' Tom said. 'Now, drop them.'
Both girls pulled their pleated skirts down and let it fall to their ankles. Their white school shirts just about covered their bottoms.
'Lift your arms,' he instructed. 'Let's see if you're at least wearing underwear.'
The girls obeyed, revealing a sliver of Issy's baby blue and a slip of Sarah's peach unmentionables.
'You can go ahead and remove those too,' Tom said.
The girls lowered their arms and soon their knickers joined their school skirts on the classroom floor.
'Turn around and face the class. Put your hands behind your back.'
Issy and Sarah, each wearing only a shirt and tie, looked convincingly bashful.
Asking the room, Tom said, 'Have they embarrassed themselves enough yet?'
'No, sir,' Dan said enthusiastically.
'Let's have a look at you,' Tom said, lifting Issy's shirt. 'Tsk, tsk. Poor little girl hasn't even grown pubic hair yet. Are you sure you're in the right grade?'
Issy smiled at that.
He stepped to Sarah and lifted her shirt.Goddamn,Tom thought. Despite himself, he said, 'God, I love a good bush.'
'Excuse me,' Issy blurted out.
Ignoring her, he continued, 'However, you have agingerbush, Sarah, and that's fucking disgusting.'
'Yes sir,' she agreed. 'I'm a disgusting hairy ginger, sir.'
Tom pinched the knot of Sarah's school tie and pulled the tail, choking her. 'And now the whole class knows it.'
When her face was suitably red, he let her go and fetched the scissors from his desk. The tight knot held fast, and Sarah was still struggling to breathe by the time he returned and cut off the tie.
Giving her no reprieve, Tom ripped the front of her shirt, spun her around, and forcibly yanked the clothing off her body. Leaving her bra on, he pushed her against the chalkboard.
Issy was next. Tie cut. Shirt ripped. Pushed to face the board.
Unlike Sarah, Issy didn't wear a bra. She stood completely naked next to her bottomless classmate.
'I'm not convinced,' he said, 'that embarrassment is punishment enough.'
Tom retrieved the cane and rested it against Sarah's arse. He moved the wooden switch forward and back over her cheeks, tapped them twice, then pulled back and struck.
Sarah grunted in pain. The emerging welt showed his aim was true, a perfect line through the middle of her gorgeous derrière.
I'm a natural,Tom thought, pleased with himself.
'Fuck you!' Issy said when he drew a similar line on her bottom too. 'Absolutely not.'
'I didn't even hit you as hard,' Tom said, amused.
Issy cautiously touched her backside and winced. 'Jesus Christ, how do you take it?' she asked her friend.
'I deserve it,' Sarah said seriously, 'so I take it.'
By the end of Tom's tenure, ten red and purple stripes decorated Sarah's arse. Only his last strike had made her cry out.
She's an absolute beast,he thought as he returned the cane to his desk. Dan gestured a chef's kiss and Tom acknowledged the compliment with a nod.
Appreciating the finer things in life was a maxim worth living by, so Tom devoted the time now to admire the curvy redhead with an even redder bottom and the slender blonde who sported a single angry stripe. Both girls waited patiently for him, still facing the chalkboard.
What a privilege,he thought, then he stepped close behind the two of them and reached between their legs.
'Dan,' he said, 'do you think they're enjoying this?'
'I'm sure I don't know, sir,' Dan replied.
'Come here, son.'
'Yes, sir.'
'Feel their pussies.'
Dan obliged.
'What do you feel?'
'They're wet, sir.'
'I thought so too,' Tom said. 'Do you think that's right?'
'No, sir.'
'They deserve more punishment, don't they?'
'Maybe, sir.'
'Maybe?' Tom said, surprised.
'Instead of punishing them,' Dan explained, 'maybe you could reward those of us who did our homework, sir.'
'Interesting thought.Didyou do your homework?'
'The answer is 42, sir,' Dan said quickly.
'That is correct,' Tom said, appreciating the Adams reference. 'Your idea has merit, I'll admit. Maybe we can kill two birds with one stone.'
'I don't understand, sir.'
'Have you ever had your dick sucked, son?'
'No sir!'
'How about getting your arsehole licked?'
'Not that I can recall, sir.'
Dan's straight-faced delivery nearly ruined Tom's composure. He suppressed a laugh before addressing the girls. 'Sarah, Issy, come here.'
As they approached, he said, 'Take off your trousers and underwear, son.'
Dan kicked off his shoes and disrobed as instructed.
'Good boy. Now Sarah, get on your knees and lick his arse.'
Sarah immediately knelt behind Dan. She parted his cheeks and buried her face in his crack.
'How does that feel?' Tom asked.
'Feels good, sir.'
Dan's cock grew harder with every lick. When he was fully erect, Tom looked at Issy, and said, 'What are you waiting for?'
Issy leaped into action, getting on her knees and taking Dan in her mouth.
Tom used this time to take photos and videos of them. These were going to do very well on Kinki.
'I'm close, sir,' Dan said before long. 'I'm going to come, sir.'
'Sarah, help your friend finish him off.'
She moved around and licked Dan's balls while Issy continued to suck his cock.
When Dan took his dick in hand, the girls dutifully put their heads together and stuck out their tongues. They each received a fair share of thick cum. The boy painted a masterpiece.
Bravo.
Dan shook his last drops over Issy. Spent, he stepped back and lay down on the crash mat.
In addition to the boy's seed, both girls wore enormous smiles. Sarah reached up and wiped cum from Issy's eyebrow. Issy, in turn, licked a line from Sarah's cheek. That promptly led to them kissing, and for the next minute, they made out.
Tom and Dan shared a quick look that said:this is unbelievable.
The girls giggled uncontrollably when they finally stopped kissing.
'Okay, my turn,' Tom said.
He helped them to their feet and walked them to his desk. 'Use the vibrators,' he said, before bending them over the table.
They turned on the toys, and he unzipped his trousers.
Using Issy's cunt, Tom wet his cock, and then he stepped behind Sarah and fucked her. Gripping her thighs, he railed her as hard as any slut he's ever used.
'Oh my God,' Sarah moaned. 'Yes! Yes! Pound me. Ruin me!'
He fucked Sarah until she creamed on his cock. With the job done, he moved on to Issy. She had already made herself come with the vibrator once, but with a dick stretching her pussy, it wouldn't take long before she came again. Tom entered her and maintained a slower pace to catch his breath. Slow in and slow out. Slow in and slow out. As predicted, Issy orgasmed in short order.
He pulled out and kissed the stripe on her arse.
It was Sarah's turn again. She had the wand back on her clit. It appeared that her staying power played second fiddle to no one. He pushed his dick into her until he felt the wand vibrating his balls.
Dan appeared next to him, hard again. The boy spat into his hand, wet his tip, and thrust into Issy, whosepetite mortlingered yet.
No rest for the wicked.
You experience a unique thrill watching your partner being used by another man, and Tom was no exception. He found it deeply erotic watching Issy being fucked by Dan while he was balls deep in the man's wife himself. That did it. He couldn't hold it for much longer.
Tom gripped Sarah's bra around the hook-and-eye closure and unclipped them. As soon as he grabbed her big tits, he busted his nut. Her breasts were sure to end up bruised from his vice grip as he emptied his balls with strong, satisfying spurts.
He remained locked in position for who knows how long?
Dan and Issy's moaning brought him back to the present.Did they just come at the same time?he thought.Perfection.
Tom and Dan looked at one another. Knowing each other's minds, they stepped back in unison, and watched as their cum leaked out of the girls.
This is the best thing I've ever seen,Tom thought, at which point Sarah squirted from using the vibrator.I stand corrected.
They had earned a break.
Sarah threw towels on the floor to soak up the mess, and Issy passed out wet wipes while Dan distributed water bottles.
Tom stripped off his remaining clothes, sat in his chair, and drank deeply from the bottle.
'We have to steal something,' Issy said, sitting on Tom's lap, 'for this to be a heist.'
'Issy!' Tom said, feigning disapproval.
'She's not wrong,' Dan pointed out. He and Sarah lay on a crash mat, both propped up on their elbows with their feet in the air.
'I have an idea,' Sarah said.
'You always do,' Dan said lovingly.
When she proposed her plan, Tom said, 'You have a devious mind, Sarah.'
'I love it,' Issy said. 'We should totally do that.'
'Risky,' Tom said. 'But what the heck.'
'Sold!' Issy said, ecstatic.
Their conversation turned to vanilla life, and while they reminisced about the past and life since their paths diverged, Tom felt the strong conviction that they would remain fast friends and regular fuck buddies.
'You know,' Issy said, horny again, 'I've never tried double penetration.'
'We shall have to remedy that immediately,' Sarah said. She sat up with Dan and motioned for him to lie on his back. He was soft, but with her attention, his erection stood proud in two ticks. Holding the base of his cock, she called to Issy, 'He's ready.'
Issy sat over Dan with her shins flush with the mat and tight against his torso.
'Lean forward on his chest,' Sarah said. 'Good.' She took her husband's cock and guided it into her friend's pussy.
Tom stroked himself in anticipation for his start.
Sarah got up from the mat. She squirted a healthy dollop of lube in her hand and Tom relayed his cock to her for continued stroking. When he was hard and lubricated, she smacked his arse and said, 'Go get her!'
He stepped over Dan's legs, behind Issy, and squatted until he was in a good position. He lined up with her arsehole, applied steady pressure, and slowly slid his dick inside.
'Fuuuck,' Issy moaned, 'I'm so full. It feelssogood.'
Tom held Issy's arse, and together with Dan, they fucked the bejesus out of her holes.
Could life get any better?he thought.
The classroom door opened.
'Oh fuck!' Issy let out, horrified.
Tom looked up to see his wife in the doorway.
'Olivia—'
'Youbastard,' she spat. 'I knew it.'
He withdrew his cock from Issy's arse, and as he stood, Olivia threw a pair of pink knickers at him. She marched up to him and slapped him across the face.
Issy tried to get up from Dan, but Olivia clocked her movement, and said, 'Sit down!' She stepped onto the crash mat, and stood over the dumbfounded girl.
'You think I don't know you fucked my husband?'
For once, Issy had nothing to say.
'You think I wouldn't find out again?'
Olivia pushed Issy over onto her back. 'You think I'd allow that?' she said, venom dripping from her voice.
In that instant, Olivia's facade dropped, and with a smug smile, she said, 'You think I'd allow that,without being included?'
You could hear a pin drop. Confused silence.
And then Olivia raised her dress and sat on Issy's face. 'I think you should eat my pussy for penance,' she said, grinding over the poor girl.
'The... fuck?' Issy managed to get out.
'You didn't have to slap me so hard, Livvy.'
'Oh, you'll live.'
'You couldn't have timed your entrance any better though,' Tom said.
'I know, right?'
'You... planned... this?' Issy uttered, incredulous.
'Less talking, more licking, dear,' Olivia said. 'Mmm, yes. Just like that. And yes, we planned this. Tom and I are in an open relationship, and we have been for a long time, even before he was your teacher. The only time we were monogamous was when I was pregnant with Kate and about a year after she was born. We share all our exploits and adventures with each other. No secrets. Mmm, that feels good.'
When Olivia dismounted, she lay down next to Issy, kissed her on the lips, and said, 'Sorry about the deception dear, it was Tom's idea.'
'Actually,' Tom said, 'It was Sarah's. She's the mastermind behind this whole day.'
Sarah shrugged.
'You motherfuckers.' Issy said. 'My heart nearly gave out.'
'Let me make it up to you,' Olivia said, shifting position. She hunkered down, spread Issy's legs and started licking her pussy. 'Sarah, come join us.'
Sarah got on all fours and tempted her friend with a dangling boob. Who could resist a lush pink nipple right in their face?
Not Issy. She promptly latched on and sucked.
'Dan,' Olivia said, reaching back and pulling her dress over her bottom. 'Be a good boy and fuck me, will you?'
'Yes, mam,' he said.
Tom needed no invitation. He marvelled at the sight before him, and then he got on his knees behind Sarah.

~~~

'Do you really like hairy pussy?' Issy asked Tom when they exited Fairview Secondary.
'I really do. But I like you doing what I tell you even more.'
'Tom!' Issy said. 'You're a right bastard. But I think I love you for it.'
'Sums up my feelings about him.'
'I love you too, Livvy.'
'We should do something like this again,' Dan said.
No one was surprised to hear Sarah say, 'I've got a few ideas.'

~~~

Headmaster Macmillan entered his office on Monday to find three pairs of lady's knickers on his desk where his name plate ought to be.
'What in the world?'
He looked around nervously, and quickly shut his door and closed the blinds.
Unable to help himself, he leaned over the garments, and sniffed.

###