Chapter 4
Scarlett's hand searched around for her phone. Laying on her front, her eyes still closed trying to hold onto those last few moments of sleep. Her right hand swept under her pillows and found its target. Clicking in the side button she held the phone away from her face to avoid the blinding light. She gingerly angled the screen toward her face - 04:56am.
Scarlett estimated she'd had maybe 45mins of sleep in total last night. She slowly rolled onto her back and stared at her dark bedroom ceiling. No sound could be heard throughout the house. It was a kind of absence of sound that seemed to surround Scarlett and trap her in her bed. Scarlett wrapped her duvet around herself and rolled onto her side staring at the wall. The events of last night had been doing laps in her mind all night.
The nerves she felt modelling, the excitement she felt being naked in a room full of people. The lust and desire she felt in the bathroom afterwards and the incredibly intense orgasm she'd been made to have. Scarlett glanced to her bed side table and the string of pearls which sat upon it. She couldn't help but smile as she remembered her visitor swinging the necklace around spraying the room in her juices.
The sense of dread and foreboding which had robbed her of a good night's sleep was centred around what happened with her best friend Lucy last night. After introducing Scarlett to her aunt Florence, Lucy could tell something wasn't quite right. Scarlett could easily tell Lucy was internally adding things together and getting suspicious. Aunt Florence did little to help the situation with comments like "It's nice to officially meet you". Scarlett had done her best to act natural, before stating she had to go and practically running for the door. Scarlett heard Lucy calling after her as she ran from the Art building to her car but chose to ignore her.
The rest of her night consisted of her worrying what might be said between her best friend and her aunt. What information might be revealed and the possible fallout from certain facts becoming public knowledge. Scarlett couldn't shake this nervous energy that had wrapped around itself her and refused to let go. Scarlett decided a day at home, in bed was the best plan. Avoid the problems for as long as she could. Taking one more look at her phone - 05:08am. Scarlett closed her eyes and attempted to sleep again.
It wasn't until around 10am Scarlett's need to pee outweighed her desire to stay in bed. Knowing she was alone at home she didn't bother putting any clothes on, she just walked to the bathroom in the oversized Metallica shirt she wore to bed. Scarlett activated the screen on her phone after sitting down and beginning to pee. She dismissed the notifications for junk emails and those alerting her to new stories from her friends. She sat staring at the multiple messages she'd received from Lucy. Sadly, she couldn't see what they said, only that she had 6 unread messages.
Taking a deep breathe she opened the messaging app and begun reading the messages from Lucy. Her heart started beating fast not knowing what to expect and wondering how much her best friend knew.
Lucy - Hey Scar, is everything OK...you ran off like the place was on fire - 20:47
Lucy - Hi Scarlett - not sure if your seeing my messages but if I've done something to piss you off just tell me - 20:58
Lucy - Why is my auntie asking so many questions about you - 21:42
Lucy - Taking my auntie home soon - please call me - I hate feeling I've annoyed you - 22:03
Lucy - So my mind has been totally blown - my auntie has told me everything.... - 22:47
The final message to come through was a picture message which hadn't loaded but the caption was visible. "We need to talk" was all it said.
Scarlett couldn't tell what the image in the message was - a beige background and dark lines but the entire image was blurred. Scarlett clicked the download icon. She sat waiting for the internet to do its thing. As the seconds went by her nerves grew larger and larger until the image was finally revealed. It was Aunt Florence's hand drawn picture of Scarlett naked, legs slightly spread, her pink and perky nipples pointing out and a sexy look in her eyes. Scarlett swallowed hard as she re-read the caption again "We need to talk"
Scarlett dropped her phone to the floor with a thud and dropped her head into her open hands gently shaking her head from side to side. Before the realisation set in that her secret was now out, she heard the front door being banged on. Scarlett wiped and flushed and headed to the 2nd floor window in her step brother's room as it had the advantage of being able to see who was at the door. Scarlett crawled onto the unmade bed and covertly looked out and down. It was Lucy, standing a few steps back from the front door, her phone in hand and wearing a large backpack but also had a large black canvas bag at her side.
Scarlett's curiosity about her friend's belongings proved to be her undoing as Scarlett stared for too long trying to make out what her friend was carrying. Lucy looked up into the window and saw her best friend. Their eyes met and Scarlett instinctively hunched down on the bed. Forgetting slightly that she was only wearing a large T shirt her pussy rubbed against the pillows on her step brothers bed and she felt a rush of desire as her hormones surged. "Get down here and open the door Scarlett - I saw you in the window I know your home, plus your car is right here." called Lucy's voice from outside.
Scarlett got up off the bed and headed down to the door. At the top of the stairs, she looked down at herself and considered putting on some bottoms or at the very least some underwear but decided against it. After all, she'd had all night to stare at the naked drawing of her. Scarlett reached the door and could see the shape of her friend behind it. Taking a deep breathe she opened the door and stared sheepishly at her friend. "Hey Lucy, sorry I didn't message you last night I was...." Scarlett started but was interrupted by Lucy "Forget that - we have far more important things to talk about" Lucy announced as she walked in past Scarlett and set her large canvas handbag down and started to slide off her backpack.
Scarlett closed to door and turned to face her friend without saying a word. Scarlett didn't know what to say and she expected Lucy to begin calling her names and making fun of her for posing nude for the class. She had no idea how much she really knew at this point so figured it was best to let her talk. Lucy stood there smiling at her friend and the pair could feel the awkwardness of the situation. Lucy glanced down at her friend's bald pussy, Scarlett noticed her gaze linger there and felt herself starting to get warm.
Lucy broke the tension when she grabbed her bags off the floor and swiftly turned heading upstairs "C'mon Scar - I'm sure you'll like this... I promise." Lucy walked slowly and purposefully up the stairs towards Scarlett's room. "Does this have something to do with those two huge bags you've brought with you?" Scarlett followed her eventually but was not convinced she would enjoy what came next. Scarlett watched as Lucy's hips swayed from side to side as she ascended the stairs and turned right.
As the girls entered the room Scarlett went to sit on her bed and Lucy closed the door behind them. "So... no one home I take it?" Lucy enquired. "Nah they're all at work or school right now." Scarlett replied, moving the duvet to cover herself up. "Listen Lucy, I'm not feeling up to... " Scarlet started but was cut off by Lucy "Don't give me that, you look fine you're just embarrassed. Speaking of which..." Lucy turned and pulled a rolled up beige piece of paper from one of her bags. "This belongs to you. I swiped it from aunt Flo last night when she wasn't looking." Lucy unrolled the picture and Scarlett now saw in vivid 2D what she'd only seen on her phone. It was her, Scarlett...completely naked with her pussy on show between her slightly spread legs.
Scarlett's cheeks flushed crimson and she wanted the ground to open up and swallow her whole. "Aunt Flo told me how you'd posed naked for her class...." Lucy paused, "but I figured you wouldn't want it being hung up in her house where any one of my brothers or my dad could see it and recognise you." Scarlett reached out and took the paper in hand, looking down at it in her lap. "Thanks Lucy.....Thanks for having my back." Scarlett stood up, leaving the picture on her bed and wrapped her arms around Lucy. "Always," Lucy said softly, holding her friend tightly.
"As nice as this moment is...."Lucy begun to say "What?" Scarlett replied pulling back slightly and looking at her friend. "Don't take this the wrong way," Lucy said leaning in a little closer "But you really need a shower!" Lucy laughed breaking the tension which had filled the room and Scarlett couldn't help but join her friend in laughing out all the awkwardness. "You're probably right. Let me go get myself sorted. Are you gonna be OK on your own for a bit." Scarlett asked grabbing her towel. "Yeah, I'm sure I'll be fine, take your time smelly, you need it." Lucy chuckled. "Alright, I'll be back soon" Scarlett giggled and made her way to the bathroom.
Under the warm water Scarlett couldn't believe how different her mood was now. How not long ago at all, she would have given anything to take back all the events of the last week. Now that her friend had shown her such understanding and compassion, she felt a great weight had lifted from her. Scarlett washed her hair and turned the shower off. She brushed her teeth, dried her hair and applied some moisturising lotion to her skin. She looked at herself in the mirror and considered having a cheeky little play while her friend sat in the next room. As naughty as the thought seemed to her. Scarlett decided against it and wrapped her towel around herself tucking it in above her breasts and headed back to her room.
Scarlett's mouth dropped as she entered her room to find Lucy was now standing at the foot of Scarlett's bed in only her blue lace lingerie. Scarlett couldn't help but take in her friend's sexy figure and gorgeous body. Scarlett felt a tingle in her belly as she spoke. "What are you doing...Where are your clothes?"
Lucy walked toward Scarlett. "I wanted to talk to you about something..." Lucy took hold of Scarlett and sat her on the edge of the bed. Scarlett now stared directly at her friend's sexy outfit and enticing figure. Lucy pushed the door closed and simply stood in front of Scarlett her hip cocked to one side and her arms crossed under her boobs.
"I was really quite hurt when I found out from my aunt that my best friend is an exhibitionist. But as much as it blew my mind hearing it i just couldn't believe you'd never told me about this. I mean, we're never shy around the subject of sex." Lucy paused, moving her hands behind her back... "then I put myself in your shoes and when I really thought about it. I guess no one ever really shares their kinks with others, do they?." Lucy then kneeled on the floor in front of Scarlett. "I don't want that to be us. You can trust me with anything I hope you know that." Lucy said sincerely placing her hand on Scarlett's knee.
Scarlett felt the electricity coming from the contact on her bare knee, it travelled up her thigh and started to gently throb. "I do, well, do now." Scarlett replied uncrossing her legs. Lucy's hand retracted from Scarlett's knee and Scarlett felt a longing for her gently touch. "The other thing I realised is... it's unfair of me to be upset at you for not sharing this side of yourself when I haven't shared my kinky side with you." A small smile began to form on Lucy's face and Scarlett's heart beat increased. Lucy reached forward and gently tugged at Scarlett's towel. Scarlett watched as her friend undid the towel and watched it fall. Now sitting in front of her friend naked Scarlett couldn't hide how turned on she was. "So...you like to be watched?" Lucy said standing up and taking Scarlett by the hands, lifting her to fer feet too.
Lucy lifted one hand of Scarlett's above her head and slowly twirled her naked best friend a few times. A huge grin appeared on Scarlett's face as her chest and cheeks began to turn red. Scarlett stopped spinning and looked directly at Lucy. "I like to be watched as I cum." she stated flatly, "It happened just this weekend... in here, for the first time." Scarlett proceeded to tell Lucy about the window cleaner and how he'd watched her without her knowledge and how it had sparked this thrill in her. Lucy was in rapt attention in Scarlett's tale, as she finished Lucy took off her bra and matching underwear. Lucy couldn't help but run her fingers over her clit quickly as she told Scarlett "That's so fucking hot Scar - so are you by the way."
Lucy laid down on Scarlett's bed and Scarlett shot her a quizzical look. "Wow, you really did like that story!" Scarlett joked. "What are you doing now?" she asked. Lucy's hands travelled to one of the corners of Scarlett's bed. "I put these straps under your mattress while you were in the shower. It's time for me to share my kink... I love being tied up and helpless!" Lucy held the straps in her hand and nodded toward the pair at the bottom of the bed. Scarlett stared at them and wondered why it had taken her so long to notice them. But then, it's not every day you walk into your room to find your best friend nearly naked. She was a little distracted at the time.
"Scarlett... Please come tie me up!" Lucy spoke in a soft almost innocent tone. A tone which made Scarlett obey without a second thought. Scarlett first attached Lucy's feet to the straps at the bottom of her bed. Taking her time and rubbing her friend's ankles, the two shared sultry looks and small giggles. Scarlett then climbed onto the side of her bed next to Lucy's head, taking her time to tie Lucy's left hand to the bed post...Lucy allowed her free hand to gently travelled across Lucy's skin. Teasing her breasts and gently rubbing her sides. Scarlett was growing more turned on by the touch and struggled with the final strap but eventually had her friend completely tied down.
Scarlett stepped off the bed and backwards towards her desk - taking in the view of her stunningly sexy friend in heat. Writhing against the straps and testing her range of motion. Scarlett wheeled her desk chair over to the edge of the bed. She was close enough to Lucy to reach out and touch but Lucy could only watch as Scarlett sat in the chair and brought her feet up onto the seat too. She spread her knees and revealed her wet glistening pussy to her friend's horny eyes. Scarlett ran her fingers up and down her bald pussy, spreading her dampness. She stared directly at Lucy while doing all of this and Lucy could only moan and struggle against her restraints. "That's it, play with your pussy for me," Lucy said in rushed breaths.
Scarlett gathered some spit onto her two most skilled fingers and started making small circles over her clit. Feeling her heat rising and loving that she was on show again, no matter how willing her audience. Scarlett could feel herself building toward an orgasm very quickly. She worked her pussy into a frenzy of sensitivity as she used her free hand to gently tug her erect nipple. Scarlett could only make out the shape of her friend moving seductively on her bed. But what she heard lit a fire inside Scarlett's aching pussy. "That's it Scar, make yourself cum for me - show me what a naughty slut you are!" Lucy demanded.
Scarlett let out a loud moan "Oh fuck yes," she stated through clenched teeth as she stared up to the ceiling for a moment. "Look at me when you cum you filthy whore!" Lucy demanded of her friend. Scarlett's eyes locked on Lucy as she began to pump her fingers faster and faster into herself. Hearing the loud slaps of her palm hitting her clit only increased the need for Scarlett to cum. "When you're done playing with yourself, I hope you know I'm gonna want you to fuck me." Lucy gasped out. Upon hearing her intentions Scarlett's dam broke and her orgasm ignited inside her. Wave after wave of pleasure rippled from her pussy across every inch of her skin and back to its source. This taking mere seconds but continuing to happen for almost a full 30 seconds. Scarlett was in a new realm of bliss. She hadn't noticed that her orgasm caused her to squirt for the first time in her life.
Coming down slowly, Scarlett removed her fingers from her soaking pussy and lowered her head to look at Lucy. Lucy was still very turned on and did everything she could to rub any part of herself against her friend's bed. Most of Lucy right breast and some of her neck and chin were glistening with Scarlett's orgasm and this only spurred Lucy on. "Scarlett... my bag... the black one grab it!" Lucy ordered. Scarlett sprang to her feet and investigated the bag, pulling out a paddle, whip and frilly handcuffs, Scarlett laughed. "How much of this stuff do you own?" she asked jokingly. "Not enough!" came the breathless reply from Lucy. Scarlett found what Lucy had been referring to at the bottom of the bag. Pulling it free, Scarlett stared at a large strap on with a vibrant pink dildo firmly attached.
"Put that on and get over here and fuck me - that's my other kink, I'm bisexual" Lucy made this admission and blew Scarlett a kiss. "Me too," replied Scarlett not even thinking about it. She stepped into the harness eager to test out having her very own pink penis. It was slightly fiddly but Scarlett got it secured and climbed onto her bed. Lucy's anticipation evident by the huge wetness smothering her inner thighs and the passion in her eyes. Scarlett got into position between Lucy's stretched out legs and attempted to guide her new toy. Again after a few fumbles and manoeuvring of pillows. Scarlett had the right angle.
Scarlett stared down at her best friend's face. She was lost in her own feelings of lust and needed a release. Scarlett eased herself forward and watched the pink dildo slide in and stretch her friend with ease. Scarlett was mesmerised watching the pink shaft slowly glide in and out collecting and depositing Lucy juices as it moved. Scarlett felt a great deal of power over her friend in that moment, her hands sat on top of her friend's thighs and her hips bucking forward making Lucy squirm and simper as her body was finally getting the attention it craved. "Holy Shit! Scar, I'm gonna cum so fucking much soon!" Lucy exclaimed through ragged breaths. "Yeah?" Scarlett said "You like being fucked like the little slut you are?" Scarlett asked pointedly. Lucy let out a long hard moan "Oh yeaahhh... I love being a little slut.... such a bad slut!" Lucy was making statement after statement as Scarlett steadily pumped her plastic cock into her friend. "Are you ready to cum like a slut?" Scarlett asked but without waiting for a response moved forward and leaned down so her chest was just above Lucy's heaving tits and she started to fuck her friend as fast and as hard as her hips would allow. This only increased the volume of Lucy's orgasmic moans and she ripped her left hand free from its strap and instantly placed it behind Scarlett's head and neck pulling her closer - bringing them forehead to forehead as the loud squelching noises were almost completely drowned out by Lucy's deafening screams of pleasure. "Fuck me! Oh god fuck me... Scar - Fuck my dirty pussy - Ohhhh God yessssssssss - don't stop.... keep going... SCAR.... SCAR I'm..... I'm gonna cum."
With her announcement Lucy did cum, Scarlett felt her friend's pussy clench up and her body spasm and shake as her eyes glazed over and her toes curled. Lucy rode her orgasm while Scarlett stared down at her. Both lost in the moment and completely spent. They failed to see or hear the bedroom door which had opened about 30 seconds ago. Standing there watching this scene of young love between two friends was Scarlett's mother. She stood frozen to the spot taking in the sight in front of her. Lucy was the first to look over which made Scarlett follow her gaze.
"Hi mom," was all Scarlett could manage to say as she and her best friend cuddled in post orgasm bliss.