This is a true story that happened within the last two years to my wife and me.
My wife, Carla, is a very beautiful, sexy woman in her early forties. She is 5 foot 7, with long legs, a narrow waist, flawless skin, and firm breasts with large brown areolas. Carla dresses very provocatively in short skirts and sheer blouses. She occasionally goes without panties, but never wears a bra. Carla gets many complements on her body and the way she dresses from both men and women. The following is an absolutely a true story.
My name is Joe and Carla and I have been married for just over 20 years; we married shortly after college. My first job took us to the Los Angeles, California, where I worked in the healthcare software business. Carla worked as a receptionist for a photography studio that did a lot of audition photo shoots for a major men's magazine based in Beverly Hills. She really enjoyed this job and soon was working as an assistant to the photographers doing photo shoots with the nude models. When a model was very nervous, the photographer would ask Carla to take off her blouse so she was topless. At first she was very embarrassed, but soon didn't really mind, since she wasn't the person being photographed and it did help put the models at ease. This is where she learned to dress sexily and decided she didn't really need a bra. While she was doing this job, she also decided that her breasts were too small. As many of the models they were photographing did, she had breast augmentation, which turned her breasts into perfect 36Ds. Since this procedure, her nipples have been extremely sensitive, she is very proud of her boobs, and loves to show them off.
After about four years in Los Angeles, I was transferred to Miami, Florida. While Carla missed her job, she did not return to working. She just spent her time at home and at the beach. We now live in Key West and we spend a lot of time in St. Maarten and St. Barthelemy. With my work in healthcare software, I can live anywhere and travel from there.
Carla has always loved the beach, so Key West and St. Maarten are perfect for her. She loves to wear her Wicked Weasel thong swimsuits and underwear. In these two locations, she rarely wears a top, since topless is acceptable both places. I have never asked her to go topless, she just never puts the top on. This goes back to the days working for a photography studio in California, plus she is proud of her boob job.
For many years one of my hobbies has been taking pictures of this beautiful woman. I take photos of her topless at home and at the beach. I also have many nude photos of her around our pool and house. These photos have always remained for our private viewing and, occasionally, a few our close friends. She has always loved to pose for my camera even back in Chicago, where we are both from and went to college. Carla is very proud of her perfect body and beautiful face and loves to show it off, which I love.
A few months ago in St. Maarten, we were invited to a cocktail party at an art studio honoring a young artist from Los Angeles who did photography, sketches, and oil paintings. Most of his work was sunsets on the beach and female nudes. We had an exceptionally fun evening with our friends and Bradley, the 28-year-old guest artist. Carla, as usual, was looking very beautiful dressed in a short skirt and sheer blouse with no bra. In the studio lighting you could clearly see her brown nipples poking at her blouse. She knew she looked good and loved the attention.
The next afternoon Carla wanted to return to the studio to purchase a couple of the paintings that she really liked. We were walking through the studio and saw Bradley working on one of his paintings. Carla told him we were there to purchase some of his work. He took Carla's hand and walked us through the studio telling us about the different paintings that Carla liked. She ended up buying all the ones he showed us.
Carla looked really sexy again that day. She had on a shorter skirt than she had worn the night before and another sheer blouse with no bra. I could tell by watching Bradley's eyes that once again he was enjoying her nipples poking against her blouse. I love when she dresses like this in public, especially when she is being watched. I was almost positive that she hadn't worn any panties for Bradley's benefit.
While Carla was paying for her paintings, Bradley came over to me. I could tell he was nervous about something. I was thinking Carla had him really revved up.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"I would like to ask Carla to be my model for my next project
. I have been commissioned to do a themed project called 'The Bold American Woman', he said. "I am doing this project for a private collector in Paris. He is paying me very well to do this for him, but I must follow his direction totally. I will be doing photos, sketches, and oil paintings of an American woman who represents this theme. I think Carla would be the perfect subject for this project."
I asked Bradley, "What this project would entail?"
He said, "Carla would be my model for some photos. I will do the sketches and oil paintings from them. The photos I will take will be bold but classy, done in a villa in the US or here in St. Maarten."
I said, "Have you talked with her about this? I don't see a problem, if she's wants to do it."
Bradley said, "I haven't mentioned this to her at all. I wanted your permission first."
I said, "Carla is her own person and will make her own decision."
Bradley said, "There will also be topless and nude photos done around a villa, garden, pool, and at the beach. This project is completely laid out by the French collector in Paris. When completed there will be several private showings of the photos, sketches, and paintings in Paris, Cannes, Copenhagen, and Berlin. These showings will be by invitation only. There will be no showings in the United States."
I said, "I think you are already well aware that Carla is a very beautiful woman with a flawless body, and she is a very sexual woman that will be greatly flattered by your offer. She has worked for photographers in the past and understands modeling. I am okay with this project, but you will have to discuss this with her."
Bradley said, "I can pay very well for modeling, because the collector in Paris has given me a very large budget."
"Don't offer her any money," I said. "She doesn't need it and would only be offended by the offer. I'm going to take the paintings to the car."
After our talk, he went to another area in the studio. About 20 minutes later, Carla was finished with the purchases and came over to me. She was smiling from ear to ear.
The first thing she said was, "Did you put Bradley up to asking me to be his model?"
I said, "Absolutely not. He asked my permission for you to do this modeling job. I told him I was okay with it, but that you were your own person and the decision was yours."
Carla asked, "So you are okay with me doing topless and nude photos for the sketches and oil paintings?
"Like I told Bradley, you will make your own decisions. I am 100% good with what you decide. What did you tell Bradley?"
"I told him I was very flattered by his offer, but wouldn't you rather have a much younger model? Bradley said that he thought I was probably one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen and that I would be perfect. He thinks his project sponsor, Stephane, will also be very happy with his choice." Carla said. "I think this young man is infatuated with me."
I told her, "I know he is completely infatuated with you, did you notice the bulge in his pants last night and again today when he was looking at your breasts?"
She smiled, winked, and said, "I did notice a slight bulge!"
Before we left the studio, Carla continued her conversation with Bradley.
She asked him, "Who would be taking the photos?"
He said, "I will take about ten photos in each of the settings and send them to Stephane in Paris for his approval. If approved, the future photo shoots would probably be taken by a professional photographer from Paris of Stephane's choice."
Carla said, "I will think about your offer, but would not under any circumstances pose for him or anyone else without my swim suit bottoms. Topless is fine," she added. "I will wear small, sheer WW thongs, but that is as far as I will go."
When we got home, Carla went to our bedroom to rest and think about his offer. I went to the car, brought the paintings inside, and unwrapped them. When I went to talk with Carla, she was in the bedroom totally naked looking at herself in the mirror. She was playing with her nipples. They were totally erect and she looked so beautiful.
She said, "Why do you think he wants a woman my age to do this modeling job?"
I said, "Look at your body. It is so perfect."
She said, "But he hasn't even seen it."
I said, "He has seen you the last two days in see-through blouses that showed your nipples clearly in the studio lighting and today, when you bent over, we could both tell that you didn't have on any panties. I think he has seen enough to know he likes what he's seen."
She smiled and said, "I didn't wear any panties because I know how much you like it."
"I do love it when you show yourself in public," I said, "and I think Bradley liked it too."
Carla said, "Do you think he even noticed?"
I asked, "Did you not see the bulge in his pants last night and even bigger today?"
She looked at me, smiled, winked, and said, "I already told you that I noticed a small rise."
She came over to me, unzipped my pants, and said, "I see you also have a big rise."
"Let me see if I can get more rise from you," she said. She took me in her mouth and started working my hard cock. She looked up and said, "Do you think this is what Bradley wants?"
I said, "If he doesn't there is something wrong with this guy."
She said, "I can tell he needs a good blow job and a good fucking too. He is very young, 28 years old, but I find him very good looking and desirable."
We climbed in bed and she mounted my erection, closed her eyes, and rode me hard and fast. She moaned and came so hard that I could see her juices flowing out of her pussy. Then it was my turn to explode inside her. I think we both understood that she was fantasizing about Bradley the whole time. We got in the shower together and I washed her, then massaged her clit until she had another orgasm.
The next morning she called Bradley to tell him that we wanted him to join us for dinner that evening at 7pm at our favorite restaurant.
That evening Carla once again dressed very sexily in a short dress. She wore a belt that made it even shorter. The maitre d' and our favorite waiter at the restaurant commented on how nice Carla looked, they seated us at our favorite table. We ordered drinks and waited for Bradley to arrive.
"You look exceptionally sexy tonight," I told her, and asked, "What do you have on under that dress?"
She smiled and said, "Drop your napkin and I will show you."
I did as I was told. I could she her pussy totally visible and could tell she was really turned on. Her lips were so swollen and wet. She couldn't have pulled her dress down to cover her pussy even if she wanted to, which she didn't.
I said, "I hoped the guys at the table next to us would drop their napkins so they could see the show as well."
She said, "I hope they do."
I said, "This young artist really has you revved up. Are you still thinking about this project?"
She said, "Yes, it is still under consideration, but I haven't made my final decision."
I knew better. I said, "Bradley had told me that he could pay you a large fee for the photo shoot."
She said, "I would never take money from Bradley, I would feel like a prostitute, plus you give me all the money I need."
Bradley arrived, ordered a drink, and then we all ordered dinner and a couple of bottles of wine. Both were delicious. With desert we ordered more drinks, then started the conversation about the photo shoot.
Carla said, "Bradley, tell me more about your history as an artist."
He gave us his history and then Carla said, "I am very interested in your project. I have been around many photo shoots when I worked for a photographer in California. This offer to a woman my age is a very big compliment, but I cannot and will not pose totally naked for you or another photographer. Other than that I would love to be your model."
Bradley, accidentally I think, dropped his napkin and reached to pick it up, though he lingered just a bit too long. Carla smiled at me and I knew she was wide open and he was taking in the view. Carla excused herself from the table, probably to dry her juices from her legs.
When she returned, Bradley said, "I think I can honor your wishes of not being totally naked."
He paused and then added, "I will do the preliminary photos as you has requested and send those to Stephane for his approval. We will just see what he has to say about your request."
Carla said, "Tell me about where we will do this first shoot."
Bradley said, "I will rent a villa here in St. Maarten or we could go to your hometown, Key West, and rent a villa there. It is your choice."
I said, "I think we can do all of that right here at our villa, it is just down the beach a short way. We are close to the beach and we have a beautiful garden and pool area.
Bradley said, "So we can do the topless and nude shoots at your home. That will be great."
Carla said, "It all sounds good except the part where I have to show my pussy."
I could tell she had a few too many cocktails.
Carla said, "Bradley, I want to pose for you and I would be totally comfortable with you seeing me naked, but I don't what the camera to record it. Topless is no problem. I love showing these big tits. My nipples, as I think you have noticed, are quite large. They are very sensitive and the key to me being excited, which I am, just by talking about this project. I will wear a thong, the tiniest and the sheerest I can find."
"I will do it your way and see what Stephane says," Bradley said. "If you are both willing to let me use your villa for the shoot, we could start tomorrow morning at 9am."
We both agreed.
He said, "I will contact Stephane tonight and let him know I will be sending test shots shortly."
I asked Bradley, "Do you want me to be present or not?"
He said, "Yes. Not a problem you can help with some of the poses."
Carla said, "I am nervous. I have never posed for a professional photographer topless. I have been topless in front of photographers many times, but never as the model."
I said, "Yes, you have for me."
She laughed and said, "That doesn't count."
I just laughed. Bradley said, "You will do great."
We left the restaurant telling Bradley we would see him at 9am.
Bradley asked, "Joe, can pick me up at 8:30am, since I haven't rented a car yet?"
"See you at 8:30."
When we got in the car, I asked Carla, "Are you sure you are okay with this?"
Her answer was a question to me, "Are okay with me posing almost naked for Bradley and a guy in Paris that we don't even know, then posing for a professional photographer from France that we don't know and being on display for Stephane's friends in Paris, Berlin, Copenhagen, and Cannes? I will be on display for their total pleasure."
I told her, "It is quite obvious that you have been very turned on by this project since Bradley mentioned it. You have been dressing in totally see-through blouses with your nipples hard as a rock and really short dresses with no panties."
Carla said, "Haven't you had really good sex?"
I said, "We always have great sex."
She said, "I don't wear panties occasionally for your enjoyment."
I said, "You haven't had panties on since Bradley asked you to model. I love what this has done to me. I haven't seen your pussy this wet or your juices running down your thighs in a long time."
Carla said, "This offer to woman my age is a very big turn on. I have been wet ever since Bradley first mentioned this project. I want to do this modeling job really bad, but I don't want you to be upset with me or think I don't love you because I love you very much, you are my everything."
I said, "I love you too and I can deal with this if it is what you want."
Carla said, "I want this badly."
I said, "Then I want you to do it."
When we got home, she was so turned on she pulled her dress off. I put my hand between her legs and she was dripping wet; her juices were running down her legs. I laid her on the bed and went down on her. She tasted so sweet, she was moaning and came almost immediately with a massive orgasm. I spread her legs wide and went deep inside her and fucked her hard until I cam.
When I awoke the next morning, she was already up trying on sundresses and bikinis.
I showered then asked, "Are you sure you still want to do this?"
She said, "I am so excited. I want to pose for Bradley."
I asked, "Do you want to go with me to pick him up?"
"No, I still have to pick out the WW thongs for the shoot."
I had never seen her this nervous or excited. I said, "You can still cancel."
She said, "Oh, no, I really want to do this. Really bad."
I picked up Bradley and we started to our villa. Traffic was awful. He was pretty quiet.
He said, "I am nervous. I have never done a photo shoot with a woman this age or this beautiful."
I said, "Just relax and enjoy. She is just as nervous as you are, but she is really excited to pose for you. She is very horny and quite attracted to you," I added. "Do you want me to leave the house?"
Bradley said, "No, please stay. I think you make us both feel more at ease."
We got to the villa and Carla came out to greet us. She was dressed in a beautiful new sundress.
While Bradley set up his equipment, I asked Carla, "Do you have panties on?"
She said, "No, I have gone through two pair already. They just kept getting so wet that I have to change. I will have to just keep drying myself, plus Bradley told me not to wear anything that might leave pressure marks on my body. I am so horny that it just keeps flowing out of me."
Bradley had finished setting up by then and said, "Carla will you give me a tour of your home?"
She took his hand and showed him the villa, gardens, and pool area.
He said, "Your home is beautiful and perfect for the photo shoot."
He talked with her about the shoot, trying to put her at ease. He took some photos of the villa for Stephane, then said, "Shall we get started?"
Bradley continued, "I will take about thirty photos of you in different outfits. This sundress will be perfect to start with."
Carla was starting to relax and feeling comfortable with him. He put her against a white wall in the garden for the first shots.
"This was to get his lighting correct." He said. "You are beautiful. Your moves are perfect. You are a natural model."
I could tell she was loving all the attention. Against the wall you could see right through her sundress and as she did different poses with her legs spread, you could see her well-trimmed bush perfectly. He took about ten photos in different parts of our villa.
Bradley said, "Let's do some shots in your bikinis."
Carla went to the bedroom to change. She came out in a bikini that she was about to pop out of. It looked great, but the top was so small. It made her tits look spectacular. The top was so tiny that it barely covered her nipples. The bottom was a perfect fit. They did some shots around the pool, hot tub, and in the garden. The whole time he was telling her how beautiful she was and that her poses were perfect and looked natural. She really did look stunning. I was getting turned on and I am sure Bradley loved it. Carla asked me for my opinion on some of the poses. I liked that she asked for my help. She was now very much at ease and loved modeling for Bradley.
Bradley said, "Carla, are you ready to do some topless shots?"
She said, "Bradley, I am sorry this top is so small but this is the first time I have ever had this top on, I don't normally wear a top." She smiled and said, "I hope you boys are ready for this."
She went in to change suits. I thought she might just drop her top but, no, new bottoms were needed too.
When she returned, she was probably the most beautiful and sexy I have ever seen her. She had on the tiniest and sheerest thong I have ever seen her wear. I still don't know why she was so adamant about keeping her bottoms on. You could see everything. I could tell that she had shaved her pubic area even closer than usual, we could clearly see her slit. Bradley and I were both speechless. We couldn't do anything but stare.
Bradley finally said, "You look sexier than I could have ever imagined."
I said, "I don't think you have ever looked this sexy before."
Carla blushed deeply and said, "I am glad guys you like what you see."
Her makeup was perfect as was her hair and her tan. Her nipples were hard and totally erect. She loves exposing her 36Ds and I know showing them off to Bradley was the ultimate turn on for her. I could tell she was really turned on, as was Bradley. We both had huge erections.
Carla said, "Where shall we start"?
Bradley said, "The garden would be the perfect spot."
The flowers made her look even more beautiful, which Bradley kept telling her. They moved from the garden to the villa entryway, to the pool area, and then to the beach. He had told her that he would take about thirty pictures, but he had already taken over a hundred of her topless. Carla was enjoying every shot, she was dancing around pushing her shoulders back showing the camera her tits in every angle possible. She would bend over and show Bradley her ass. You could she her pussy was totally wet. The front of her thong was completely wet as were the insides of her thighs.
Bradley could hardly talk he was so turned on, but he asked me, "Where else can we should get a few more photos?"
I said, "How about a few in the hot tub, then in the shower, and maybe some in the bedroom"
Carla said, "Good idea. Let's go!"
I could tell she liked that idea because the thong was getting really messy. She got in the hot tub and Bradley did a few shots of her wet, tanned body. Her thong had become completely transparent from the water in the hot tub.
Bradley asked, "Please remove the thong."
She said, "Not now. I'm not ready to do that."
Bradley still had a huge hard on, we could both see that Carla was starring at it with a smile. She liked that he was as horny as she was.
We moved to our bathroom. Carla got in the shower and danced around for the camera, but still had not removed the thong. Bradley was still shooting photos as fast as he could. Carla looked at Bradley and stared dancing, rubbing her nipples and running her hands all over her body. She was so turned on that I thought she would have an orgasm any second.
She said, "Let me dry off and change and we will do some shots in the bedroom. Joe, will you turn our bed down?"
After about 20 minutes, she came into the bedroom with her makeup retouched and her hair fixed again. All she had on was a completely sheer white micro thong. She looked wonderful, which Bradley told her several times. She stopped in front of the mirror, admiring her body as were we.
Carla said, "My nipples need a little touchup". So she started playing with them. They immediately became erect. Both Bradley and I were fully erect.
She said, "Bradley you need to get a few of these shots."
She started moving in front of the mirror, holding and squeezing her nipples. She was getting so wet her thong was becoming even more saturated with her juices.
She looked at her pussy in the mirror and said, "I need to take care of this. Bradley, do want more photos of my wet pussy?"
He said, "Yes", and took a bunch. She went back in the bathroom and came back wrapped in a towel.
Carla said, "Ok, guys. I have got a surprise for you, especially you, Bradley."
She crawled in bed and pulled the sheet up and threw the towel out.
She said, "Okay, Bradley, get your camera ready."
She pulled the sheet down so we could see everything, except her pussy. She had one hand squeezing her tits and playing with her nipples, and the other hand was between her legs. I could tell by looking at Bradley that his erection was monstrous. His camera hand was shaking. Carla just kept lying there, smiling at Bradley and pulling on her nipples. Her right hand kept sliding down her belly under the sheet. The way the sheet was draped, I could tell that she was massaging her clit, and was doing so hard and as fast as she could. Her eyes never left Bradley's. He kept taking pictures as fast as he could. We could hear her low moans as she kept rubbing her pussy under the sheet. I thought Bradley was about to cum in his pants.
Carla rolled over on her stomach and the sheet dropped down to her thighs. She continued to rub her clit. Her ass was uncovered and sticking up in the air as she continued to finger herself. She kept going up and down in her pleasure. She had told us both she wouldn't pose completely naked, she was now well beyond belief. She turned back over with the sheet, pulling the sheet back into position over her legs and waist. She moved hand back between her legs. Her eyes locked on Bradley as she kept humping her finger. She put her hand back on her nipple and started pulling really hard.
After a short time, she screamed at Bradley, "pull the sheet off."
When he did we could see that she had her finger deep inside her wet pussy. She was moaning by that point and she began to spasm. Her naked body jerked uncontrollably with the biggest orgasm she has ever had, at least with me, but her eyes never left Bradley.
Carla went completely limp and just laid there, legs spread. Bradley took several more photos while her finger was still in her wet pussy with her juices running out onto the already-wet sheet like I have never seen before.
She laid there for several minutes, not even trying to cover herself, then said, " Bradley, I hope you got the pictures of my pussy that you wanted. I want this modeling job, so take all the pictures you want."
She spread her legs open as far as they would go and then she smiled at me and said. "Joe, I hope you are okay with this."
I said, "Your decision."
Then she rolled over onto her stomach again and put her butt in the air and spread her legs once again.
Bradley looked at me and said, "Is it okay with you if I take a few more?"
I said, "Sure, why not."
He got some shots from several angles of her asshole and open pussy.
Bradley looked over at me and said, "She truly is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen."
I was speechless.
Bradley said, "I think Stephane will be amazed with these test shots."
He packed up his gear to leave. I could tell he was weak and still had a huge erection. I was thinking of telling Carla to go ahead and fuck him, since it was bound to happen sooner or later, but I decided to say nothing.
Bradley was ready for me to take him back to the studio and I told Carla that I would be back in a while. Carla was worn out, but I could tell she was still horny. She made no effort to cover herself. She was loving being totally exposed for Bradley. She walked us to the car while still nude. She gave him a huge, wet kiss with tongue. Her tits were buried in his chest and his erection was rubbing against her belly.
She said, "That was for asking me to be your model and getting me out of panties. I want more!"
On the way back to the studio I told him, "This is completely out of character for her. She just got carried away in the moment, because she thinks you are so good looking. Enjoy the adventure, because it's probably not over."
His only comment all the way to the studio was, "I think Stephane will be pleased with the photos of this beautiful woman. I am sure she will be my model."
Stay tuned for part two. Would you let your wife do this modeling job? Please leave comments!
Thanks to Brad.32 for his Editing Skill