AUTHOUR'S NOTE: As before, apologies for the long delay between chapters – I don't get paid enough to sit about and write all day, sadly. This chapter is much more explicit and hardcore than the previous two, which I recommend you read before getting into this one. Story contains a wife being naughty out of wedlock. If this offends you, you can either (like a sane person) skip this story and read something else or (like the swivel eyed, mouth-breathing hordes you will no doubt see in the comments) complain about being offended despite the warnings in BIG ANGRY CAPS LOCKS!! Honestly, I don't get why you bother – it really doesn't bother me.
We fucked like teenagers in the days that followed the barbeque. Far from disintegrating into the expected waves of shame and self recrimination, the electric, erotic, high of that night rolled on, injecting an urgency and passion into our marriage again that I hadn't noticed was even missing.
We fucked all over our house. We fucked hot and furious, with Katie bent over our dining table, her face pressed into the wood, her breath coming fast and shallow, my hands wrapped around her dark glossy hair. We fucked slow and languid on the stairs, me back on me elbows watching as my wife took her pleasure reverse cow-boy, her eyes anxiously watching our un-latched front door.
It was better than our honeymoon. Rather than being dragged around Florentine piazzas my sight-seeing involved watching as my petite, blue eyed bride sucked on my thick dick on her knees as I reclined in front of our widescreen, the mindless drone of daytime T.V. soaps overlaying the slurping of my wife's work.
It was stunning, really. Only days earlier all of this would have been unthinkable, relegated into the 'disgusting' section of Katie's conservative mind, too obviously out of reach for me to even hope for. But no longer. Five blow-jobs in six years of being a couple and now? I had literally lost count since we bought that dress. As I watched Katie's compact, athletic body spread out below me, her thick lips wrapped around my sore but iron shaft, I wondered again at how this side of my wife had been floating under the surface all of these years, how it took such a small push, a small thrill of being watched, being lusted after, to push her into a full on avalanche of sexual liberation. More maybe, wholesale personality change.
"I want you to fuck me in the garden baby, fuck me behind the shed," she growled at me as she fisted my cock, her eyes a deep, crystal blue. That nearly sent me over the edge. Who was this woman?
I nodded and we stood together. I expected Katie to run for her dressing gown but she simply grabbed my cock and guided me to our back door, completely un-concerned that it was the middle of the afternoon in the commuter belt and that our neighbours on either side could (like most houses in England) see straight into our garden.
"Katie!" I hissed "What if John or Mary are at their window?" Katie's hand tightened around my cock and she glanced over her shoulder at me smiling.
"Well, he will get quite a show," she replied, dragging me forward.
The sunlight felt wonderful against my bare skin and the grass was warm and fresh under my toes. My wife walked naked ahead of me, her athletic back glowing with sweat and her soft tan accentuated by her thin bikini tan-line.
We made it to the shed and Katie turned around to kiss me, her tongue exploring my mouth and her free hand wandering up my gym honed torso. Without ceremony she pulled me to the grass and guided my rock hard member straight into her. She gasped and wrapped her legs around me, pulling me in deeper, a low, moan of pleasure rippling out of her, like the purr of a cat.
"Yessss – that's good."
I grabbed the back of her neck with one arm and her ass with the other, pushed her down with force onto my cock with every stroke. Katie bit into my shoulder as she came and I went into a fury, bringing her off once more before pouring into her with an exhausted moan.
Once done we stared at each other and burst into giggles. The spontaneity of the moment over, Katie reverted, somewhat, back to the woman I married and demanded that I go back and fetch her robe while she hid behind the shed. I sighed and agreed and took a furtive, concealed route back, watching each window for lurking figures.
I slipped on some shorts and walked back out and handed Katie her robe, laughing at how she was cowering behind the shed, unsuccessfully trying to conceal all her goodies at once. Even then she was comically wary of darting back into the house, insisting that she had seen a curtain move or that "she was being watched".
That night we made love, slow and languorous. We were both sore, tired and emotional. We didn't need to talk about it, but it was clear that we had crossed a Rubicon in our marriage. We didn't talk about Eric or what we had done, or what it had meant. We just enjoyed each other, spooning, conscious that the next morning brought us back into work, and the shackles of the real world.
As expected, work was a total nightmare. The nightmare's name was Project Vectron and it nearly killed me. My boss, who was in the middle of his third divorce and had just had his second bypass, was like a kettle coming to the boil. I could only hope the sick bastard's heart exploded before he managed to break me. Long story short – I was suddenly in the office until 10pm most nights. It was not ideal.
Katie was working as a teaching assistant at a fairly posh private school nearby – mostly to keep herself busy during the day, she told me. While she was disappointed, she understood the pressure I was under and so she didn't whine about it, but decided that it was the perfect opportunity for her to start on some of her creative projects while I was away. Like I said, I am a lucky guy.
The second week that I was back to work I had an especially crappy day. My sociopathic boss had, in addition to all of the actual work I had to do, dumped a trio of complexly useless new starters on me and I spent most of my afternoon babysitting them through such impossible tasks as: using Excel and Booking a conference call. I drove home in a dark and vengeful mood. At least one of them had been deliciously cute, if especially hopeless. The kind of girl that caused over-worked married men problems, I realized – or would, if the man wasn't married to my wife, the sex goddess.
As I pulled into my drive I noticed that Katie's studio light was on, as was the kitchen light – which was normal. Less normal was the Ducati parked up next to Katie's little sports car. I grabbed my lap-top bag and opened the door to my house.
I heard voices from the Kitchen and made my way there.
"We are in the Kitchen love!" Katie called as I set my bag down and loosened my tie. Opening the door I saw that Katie, sat in her art clothes and covered in spots of paint, drinking a big mug of coffee and talking in friendly banter with Eric, who was dressed in uniform. I also noticed the large bouquet of flowers and the bottle of wine propped up on the table.
As I walked in Eric jumped to his feet and stood to rigid attention all but throwing me a salute. Katie smiled up at me, slid off her chair and padded over on bare feet to give me a welcoming kiss.
"Welcome home, love. Eric brought us some gifts!" I smiled at her and glanced up at Eric, who was still stood to attention, clearly uncomfortable, his massive frame taut and tense, his blue eyes not meeting mine.
There was an awkward moment which Katie broke by announcing. "Well, I think we better try some of this red then," and moving off to get out the wine glasses. I slid into a dining room chair and accepted a grateful glass of wine with a world weary sigh before I noticed that Eric had not moved a muscle. I glanced up at him and then at Katie who raised her eyebrows and shrugged.
"Eric," I said, my voice thick from shouting at idiots all day. "Why don't you have a seat?"
Eric seemed to fight with himself for a moment and then visibly found his resolve.
"Thank you sir, but I wanted to come here to apologize for my actions the last time we met." His eyes were fixed rigidly at the wall in-front of him. "I have been thinking about what happened and I decided that I am not the sort of man that does that. So please, Mr. and Mrs. Williams, I am deeply sorry for taking advantage like I did. There is no excuse. There is nothing I can do to make it up to Mrs. Williams, but if Mr. Williams wants to take the satisfaction due to him, then I am ready."
Katie and I stared at the young man dumbfounded. "Eric," I said, incredulous, "What the hell are you talking about?" He turned and looked at me then and I saw how much this had been tearing him up. What had been a debauched, erotic adventure for us, spice added by fucking our long time neighbors' son, had morphed in Eric into a monstrous betrayal verging on sexual assault.
"Satisfaction, sir. If you want to beat it out of me, I won't fight back. I deserve it. There will be no charges pressed, sir, if you are worried about it – I'll tell my C.O. I got glassed in a club."
"Eric, are you saying that you want me to slug you? For fucking my wife?"
The poor lads face went crimson as I said this, his jaw cleaning in new determination.
"Yes Sir, I pay my dues."
The moment was spoiled by Katie's un-ladylike snort of laughter.
"This is the stupidest thing I have ever heard," she said, as she sat on my lap and pushed the third glass of claret across the table at the still rigid Royal Marine. She turned her beautiful, fresh face at me and asked:
"Do you want to take this one, or should I?" I took a large gulp of the excellent wine and turned to the confused soldier.
"Eric, mate, please relax. We are fine. If Katie didn't want to do anything, then nothing would have happened. If I had a problem with it then, well, I'd have tried to take satisfaction much earlier and would now be a broken mass of bones."
Eric glanced down at us, his expression perplexed and wary.
"You are Ok with this? I thought....I..."
Katie sprung up from my lap and moved around to Eric in a wave of pity, taking his hand and sitting him down.
"Don't be silly Eric. No, it was just good, if very, very naughty fun. No need to feel guilty." The big man allowed himself to be guided down into his chair and his massive hand sought out the glass of wine. Katie pushed herself into his lap and Eric brought his other hand across her waist to keep her steady.
Katie gave me an angelic smile I spoke to Eric as I poured myself another glass of wine, "Eric, I can't even explain to you how hot that night was for us. Katie and I have been at it like rabbits ever since. If anything I should thank you."
Katie nodded and ran her hand along Eric's defined chin, cooing softly at him "Poor, poor boy, worrying all this time."
And just like that that atmosphere went electric again. Eric gulped down half of his wine and shifted.
"I can't stop thinking about it either. Sometimes I think it was a dream."
"I think about it at work all day. I'm pretty sure they are going to sack me for walking around with a stiffy."
Katie grinned and shifted her ass ever so slightly in Eric's lap, then gave me a wicked smile.
"Feels like you are not the only one."
I felt a deep stirring in my trousers. Eric gulped down the rest of his wine and I watched, breathless, as Katie carefully put down her glass and slowly snaked her hand under the table and softly grabbed the thick outline of his huge dick. Eric groaned and tilted his head back. Katie pulled his head forward and started to kiss him, her hand now rubbing along the length of his iron shaft. I stood and walked over to the fridge and grabbed a beer, cracking it open as Eric put his big hands over Katie's breasts, slipping one under the paint-stained overalls. She looked incredibly sexy, dressed in her scruffy art clothes, her hair loose and wild, her petite frame perched deep in the lap of our neighbors solider son, her lips locked on his, her tits being mauled.
A sudden impulse grabbed me and I took out my smart-phone, opened up the camera and started taking pictures. Katie heard the digital shutter sound and turned her head. I expected her to protest but I kept at it, determined to have some souvenirs to get me through the long work days. Interestingly, she didn't protest as expected and just stuck out her tongue at me. She then stood and knelt in front of Eric, who watched her with lust burning in his eyes. She ran her hands up and down the outline of his cock and shuffled closer to the chair. My picture taking went into overdrive.
Slowly, agonizingly, she pressed her face into his crotch, kissing each part of his trouser covered manhood. Her hands reached for the zip and the sound seemed to echo around our small kitchen. Moments later I watched, through the digital filter of my ever clicking smart-phone screen, as her tiny hand dove in and fished out his thick, veined monster, its head purple and angry. She moaned softly and immediately engulfed it with her thick lips. Eric sighed and threw back his head as my wife got to work, on her knees in the middle of our kitchen.
I flicked the camera on to video and fished out my aching cock and started stroking. The sound of her slurping filled the kitchen. I glanced out of the kitchen window, suddenly aware that the blinds were up. I wondered what John and Mary were doing next door, while their son was having his dick sucked by his wife. I remembered that we sometimes could see John from the kitchen when he watered the plants on the window sill in his library. Maybe he was there now, watching my whorish wife suck off his boy.
Abruptly Katie stood and shrugged out of her overalls. She was wearing a mismatched set of underwear, her favorite, most comfortable black bra and some pink panties, which she stepped out of without ceremony. Her bra followed, unclasped with one hand and sliding sinuously down her athletic body, pooling in an obscene pile on the floor with the rest of her discarded clothing. She grabbed hold of Eric's cock and leaned in to give him another deep kiss. A moment later and she lowered herself back into his lap, her back against his chest, and impaled herself on his shaft, her knees together. I noticed my hand was shaking as I held up the camera. Katie stared straight at me as she lowered herself, inch by inch, on Eric's cock.
"Oh baby, it's so big. Fuck. It is filling me up. Unnngh. I fucking love his dick." My other hand started pumping my cock faster. An erotic age later she finally bottomed out, taking his whole length in her, her eyes closed in bliss, her hands wrapped around Eric's head behind her, which thrust out her gorgeous tits.
Katie then started to fuck him, rocking back and forth and riding him in earnest, grunting with pleasure. I moved closer to get a better angle on my recording, watching in fascination as Katie fucked herself senseless, bouncing now with wanton abandon. Eric was content to leave her in control, running his hands up her body and rubbing her nipples. Their pace quickened and Katie arched her back, crying out, staring straight at me with her blue, blue eyes.
"Urrrgngh, I am coming sweet-heart, fuck, I am cuuuming."
She shuddered and collapsed back into Eric, turning her head up to kiss him, still stuffed to her limit with his meat. Eric then moved his hands down to her knees, pulling them apart and pulling Katie up and closer to him, spreading her obscenely and starting to pump her with his own savage rhythm.
"Yes, fuck me hard Eric, fill me up, fill me up."
She came again, loudly, and I moved over to turn on the radio, worried that we might wake up the neighbors who would then peer into our lit up kitchen.
As I turned back I saw that Katie was now face first on the kitchen table with Eric ploughing her from behind. As his hips rocked he tore off his uniform, not missing a stroke as he exposed his muscular torso and released his huge, heavy balls, which started slapping against my wife's body as he fucked her. Katie picked her head up and stared at me with dull, lust filled eyes as she was penetrated again and again. I watched as she clenched up in another deep orgasm and kept filming as Eric flipped her over onto her back and pinned her legs to his shoulders, pounding hard at her in the missionary position. This left Katie's head hanging off the edge of the table and I wondered over to her and stuck my cock in her face. She immediately grabbed it and stuck it in her mouth. I was mesmerized by the fact that I was capturing this on video and watched as she took more and more of my cock into her mouth, all the way down so I was fucking her throat.
"Fuck that is hot," Eric said as he watched from the other end, his pounding increasing in urgency, "She swallowed the whole thing." I pulled out and started furiously stroking, nearly ready to pop. Eric was hammering away now, moving the table with each thrust. "I'm going to cum, Mrs Williams."
"In my mouth! I want to taste it!"
Like a flash she was on her knees and she was working on his thick cock. Eric came with a roar, deep in her mouth, her cheeks actually billowing out with the force of his load. Katie struggled to swallow it down, his seed spilling over her lips and running down her chin. This sent me over the edge and I fairly shunted Eric and unloaded all over Katie's surprised face. It was a massive load, churned in the long hours of office frustration and it flooded over Katie, covering her face in sticky cream, all captured by the all seeing lens on my phone. I had never come in her face before and so wondered how this would go over. Thankfully she just laughed and started scraping my cum off her face, and into her mouth.
Eric handed her a tea-towel and she wiped the rest off and the three of us stood staring at each other in bemusement for a moment.
"Well," Katie said as she finished wiping her face, "That was exciting."
"I agree." I said, as I zipped up my fly. Katie and Eric made no move to pick up their discarded clothes.
"You better not lose that phone," Katie said, wagging her finger at me. I grinned and promised that I would back up the pictures just in case.
"You are a pig. Eric, it's pretty late, do you want to stay over or do they need you back on base?"
"No, I am Ok staying here if you don't mind, I can crash on the couch."
"Don't be daft," I said "You and Katie can use the bed, I'm pretty knackered so I think I'll drop off down here, I've got an early start so don't make too much noise, alright?"
Eric stared at me and Katie looked pensive.
"Are you serious?" Eric asked after a moment. "You don't mind?"
I shook my head. "Don't ask me to explain mate, but I'm totally fine. Go fuck her brains out all night. In fact, I'm going to be working all hours for the foreseeable future. If you want to fuck her during the day when I'm out, I'm O.K. with it. Just keep it discreet, alright?"
"Do I get a say in this?" Katie asked, her face screwed up in mock outrage.
"No. You relegated yourself to fuck-slave status with your wanton seduction."
"Dammit. Oh, well, I better go and please my master then," Katie said as she grabbed Eric by his cock and led him upstairs. The last I saw of them that night was Katie's swaying ass as she went up the steps, her tiny hand wrapped around Eric's already growing member.
They made a lot of noise, however, and Eric managed to break our headboard.
Katie told me the next day that Eric had cum in her five times.
"He is like a machine, even when he came he just kept at it until he was hard again."
"Oh to be young again," I quipped. She smirked at me then asked:
"What you said to him, about coming over and making love to me while you were at the office."
"Yes?"
"Did you mean it? Would you be OK about it really?" I looked her straight in the eyes and said:
"I meant it. It fucking gets me off, I don't know why. If you are going to do it, maybe take pictures or something, I'd like to know it is happening." She went up on her tip-toes and kissed me lightly on the cheek.
"I love you, you perfect man."
Work descended into the next circle of hell. My days basically consisted of a series of angry conference calls as one part of the globe after another woke up and discovered how pissed off they were and decided to shit on me for it.
I only managed to get through the day by sneaking off to the men's room and jacking off to the video I had taken of Katie and Eric.
We hadn't seen him since that session which was over a week ago. He had apparently told Katie that he was on some sort of training exercises so would be away from the base for a while and wasn't sure when he would be back.
I was sat in one of the conference rooms with the management team having another, endless, pointless call with our useless Atlanta team when my phone buzzed discreetly in my suit jacket. Bored out of my mind I pulled it out and surreptitiously checked my text messages, where I saw a new one from Katie. It was a picture message which I quickly expanded. It nearly gave me a heart attack.
The picture was of Katie in our living room, dressed in what can only be described as a slutty school girl's uniform. I recognized the plaited skirt – it was the one they used at the school Katie worked at, although I very much doubt that they allowed the girls to wear it skimming their ass cheeks. Her shirt was tied just under her breasts and she had applied thick, glossy lipstick. She was posing sexily, bent over at the waist with a faux surprised expression. Very hot. What was she doing? Not that I minded. I clicked off the picture, worried that my co-workers would think I was porn surfing during the call.
The meeting descended into the usual shouting match and my phone buzzed again with a new message. I eagerly checked the message and saw that it was another picture message from my wife. Excitement bubbling up in me I opened it up and nearly cried out in surprise.
In this picture Katie, still dressed in her school uniform, was on her knees, sucking on Eric's massive tool. Her lips were stretched out wide as she struggled to fit him in and her eyes were staring deep into the camera. I cock rocketed to attention and I hurriedly excused myself from the room fairly running to the toilets. Once there I started furiously stroking myself and waiting with baited breath for the next message. Katie was being fucked, right now, in my living room. An age passed before the phone finally buzzed again.
This time Katie was being fucked doggy style in our bathroom. The picture was a self shot, taken by Katie into our full length mirror. It showed Eric, his ripped torso covered in a sheen of sweat, holding a handful of Katie's hair as he pounded her, still in her school skirt.
Squealing tires signaled my haste to get home once the office released me.
I found Katie a sexy, disheveled mess. She was still in her costume but her hair and face were plastered in what I could only assume was Eric's cum. She smiled up at me tiredly as I came in.
"Did you like my little messages?" She asked, picking herself up from the couch. I nodded mutely.
"He only just left, maybe ten minutes ago? We fucked all afternoon and all evening. The boy is not human."
I started stripping out of my clothes.
"Care for another round?" I said, my voice husky with desire.
"With you? Always my love, always."
So we did it on our living room floor, with Katie's face sticky with another man's come.
And so it went for weeks. Eric would come over every other day pretty much and screw Katie to within an inch of her life. She would dress up for him, and for me, and they would take pictures and video.
My mind went insane with lust, picturing them fucking. Katie and I were all over each other, all the time. As I typed reports, my fingers banging against the keyboard, my mind would picture Eric and my wife slamming the headboard into the wall. It was a sexual dream.
A couple of times I managed to get home early and we would play as a threesome again and we would be treated to the site of Katie impaled from both ends.
One morning, about three weeks into this new routine, Katie informed me at breakfast that Eric wanted to take her out as a date to a military sponsored ball.
"He wanted to clear it with you first. He says he knows no-one there and there should not be anyone we know either to make it awkward," she told me as she draped her hands over my shoulders and kissed my head.
"When is it?"
"Oh, it's on Friday."
"Ah. That's when I am flying to Zurich."
"Hmm, maybe we can drop you at the station on the way?"
"Yes, that works. That way I get to see you all dressed up."
I now had conflicting emotions about Friday. I absolutely hated Zurich and resented having to give up my weekend to run yet another pointless workshop – but, I was very excited about Katie's date.
Friday had one other benefit, as I was going to be busting my ass in Zurich, the chief sociopath had graciously given me the afternoon off to pack and get ready. I got home only to discover that Katie had booked herself into various salons for a load of treatments etc, prettying herself up for her date.
I grabbed a beer and packed my bags then did a few chores around the house. I mowed the lawn and started splitting some logs in our neglected pile. As I was chopping away, John called out to me from over the fence and wondered over.
"You're back early – haven't been sacked I hope?" He asked in jest.
"I can only dream of such freedom John, no – flying out later so they gave me an afternoon."
"Ah, shame. How's Katie doing by the way, we haven't seem much of her lately."
"She is doing Okay – absorbed in her projects at the moment – hence the state of the garden." John nodded, and then added.
"Well, we were hoping that maybe you and Katie might like to come over for some dinner next week. Eric will be there and you all got on so well before, I'm sure he would be delighted to see you."
"I'll see if we can make it, depends on the slave-drivers really."
"Good, good, well – let us know."
Katie came back about an hour later. All I saw of her was a swift blur as she vanished into the bathroom for some final primping and preening. I turned on the T.V. and zoned out. Finally she made her enterance and it was well worth the wait.
She had chosen the red dress we had bought – that seemed a lifetime ago now. It was strapless and scandalously short. Her tits looked like they were imminanty about to spill over the short top. She wore her hair up, accentuating her long neck and fine features. Her long legs were covered in stockings, with the tops of the suspenders just visible poking out from the hem of her dress. Bright red lipstick and perilously high heels finished the look. I wolf whistled as she wiggled down the stairs. She spun for me and I took out my phone to take a few snaps.
"Are you bad or were you just drawn that way?" I asked.
"Sorry?" she replied, confused.
"Never mind, you look gorgeous. When is Eric getting here?"
"We are going to meet at the Station, he doesn't want his folks seeing me being picked up by him all dressed up."
"Fair enough, I guess." She looked at me knowingly.
"Pervert; John might find it acceptable but Mary would probably gouge my eyes out."
I threw up my hands, "I didn't say anything!" She pouted at me and we moved out to the car.
I nearly missed the train. Traffic delayed us and I had to drive like a maniac to make it. I jumped out of the car at the station drop of, kissed Katie quickly on the lips and tore off at a dead sprint with my bags in tow. I made it literally as the doors were sliding closed.
It wasn't until I was sat in the plane that I noticed the bulge in my pocket, which were Katie's house keys.
Oh dear.
Nothing I could do about it now, hopefully she would be able to call a locksmith when she got back home.
Zurich went as I expected. Long, dull, meetings interspersed with organized fun and bullshit networking events. I hit the free drinks pretty hard.
I got home on Sunday night pretty tired and got a cab back from the station. As we pulled up I noticed that the lights were on in the house, which was a good sign, at least Katie managed to get in somehow.
I found her reading sprawled out on our bed, dressed only in one of my oversized rugby shirts, her shapely, tanned legs deliciously crossed above her.
"Hi Hun, I'm home, I said as I flopped in bed next to her.
"You stole my keys you idiot."
"Yeah, sorry. I only realized on the plane, must have been the mad hurry."
"Well it caused some problems." I nuzzled up to her and said sorry again.
"Anyway, what I really want to know was how was you date?" She smiled and pushed me on my back, her fingers working on the buttons to my shirt, taking it off.
"Well, it's been quite a weekend," her fingers kept moving, undoing my trousers and pulling them down with my boxers, which sprang my cock free. She grinned and grabbed it with her cold, thin fingers, gently squeezing and starting a slow stroke.
"Tell me all about it sweet heart, I am ready"
After I had run off in my mad dash for the train Katie only had to wait a few minutes before Eric turned up, looking tall and handsome in his full parade uniform, red beret and all. Eric drove them to the little village where the ball was being held about fifteen minutes away. They parked up and joined the party which was being staged in an old manor house.
"I felt like such a hooker, in that tiny dress, with no underwear surrounded by army type strangers," Katie told me as she pumped my shaft.
They mingled and drank for a while, getting compliments as to what a good couple they made, even if quite a few eyebrows were raised at Katie's outfit.
After a while the music started and couples made their way onto the dance floor.
"It was all very formal, waltz's and the like. Eric is a very good dancer," Katie said as she squeezed some hand lotion onto my solid cock.
"I remember," I said
Eric and Katie danced some numbers together but soon found themselves with other partners and the ritual change over's were observed.
"I was passed around from Solider to Solider; I don't think I've ever been felt up so much in my life."
My cock was aching.
As the night progressed and everyone got drunker things got rowdy, as was inevitable with a bunch of drunk army men, with couples kissing on the dance floor and two or three sneaking up the staircase to the supposedly locked rooms.
"Things got a little steamy on the dance-floor. Eric and I were kissing and I could feel his cock stirring against my belly. It was so hot. We decided that we needed to go upstairs."
I groaned as she said this, my balls churning now.
"So we snuck up the stairs and burst into a bedroom kissing. He had pulled my dress down and my boobs were out and he was gently sucking on them as we fell into the bed. There was, however, one problem."
As Katie and Eric landed on the bed, Eric's fingers already deep inside her, his cock released from his zipper, they noticed that they were not alone in the bed. Another couple, already naked and in the midst of fucking, were lying next to them.
"Don't mind us!" the strange man said as he continued pumping away. He was clearly a soilder as well, his body, while smaller than Eric, still had the same deadly bulk and definition. His woman was blonde and tall and in her early twenties. She glanced over and smiled at Eric and Katie then moaned in pleasure.
Eric looked questioningly at Katie, who in answer pulled off her dress and grabbed his cock, slipping him in.
"It was so naughty, fucking like that right next to another couple. She even kissed me, when the boys flipped us both over to fuck us doggy. I wish you had seen it baby, it was so hot."
The men managed to co-ordinate their climaxes, filling up both women at the same moment.
"I never even got their names or anything. Once they finished they just got dressed and left."
Katie and Eric then got a cab back to the house, only to find that it was locked and that she didn't have the key.
"It was a nightmare. It must have been about 3am and the bloody cabbie just vanished as well."
"What did you do?"
"Eric has a key to his parents place, so we stayed there."
"What? Dressed like that? How did you explain that one?" she laughed and increased the pace on my cock.
"He snuck me into his room through a window," she said, sniggering.
"You're kidding?"
"No, John and Mary didn't have a clue. He walked in and he pulled me through the window. It was really sexy actually, like I was a teenager again. He fucked me in old room, surrounded by all his old toys and posters of models."
"Oh jesus that is hot."
"Mmmm, I know. It was so sexy, having to keep completely silent as he slid it into me, knowing that John and Mary were only next door."
"What did you do in the morning?" I asked, my breath coming heavy now.
"Well, when I woke up I slide under the covers and greeted him a bit like this," with that she took the tip of my cock into her mouth and slide her tongue over it. I arched my back in bliss. She kept pumping as she took her mouth off my cock and started talking again. "Then we fucked again, and once more in his shower. Then John and Mary went out, so we fucked in their living room on that old horrible couch and finally we did it in their library. I stayed in his room all of Saturday and Saturday night as well. It was surreal, I was naked all day in John and Mary's house, being fucked repeatedly. Eric finally broke into our place just this afternoon."
"Fuck honey, I'm going to cum."
"Yesss, come for me baby, come in my mouth" she cooed as she took my spurting cock into her mouth, swallowing down a huge load.
"You've changed Katie, you've changed."
My gorgeous wife licked her cum covered lips and pouted at me.
"Do you prefer old me or new me?"
"New, without question."
All good things come to an end, eventually. About a month and a half after their date, there was some sort of flare up in Afghanistan and Eric's regiment got deployed in what the news was trying to tell us was "not a panic."
To celebrate, we had one last session with Eric, to give him something to think about while sat about staring at Afghan dirt and tried not to end up on the news ticker.
Thankfully, Project: Destroy Dan Williams (me) was winding down having miraculously failed. Even stranger, it looked like I was emerging from it with some sort of credit and what was promising to be a juicy bonus at the end of the year.
With this in mind, I decided to splash out on our final erotic gathering before Eric was shipped out, consigned to a long tour of bashing the bishop. Katie was also up for a big send off, her natural compassion added to the general, insatiable horniness she had developed promised at quite an evening.
For the night of ultimate debauchery, there was only really one choice: Amsterdam.
We got into the city just after lunch checked into our penthouse suite and spent some time wandering the wide squares and picturesque canals. We had a delicious café lunch and Eric dragged us into a Coffee shop where he forced Katie into taking two cough interrupted tokes on something they called 'blue steel'. I passed, re-living previous horrific memories of weed, Amsterdam and a loss of control.
As the afternoon turned into evening we retired back to the hotel and Katie got ready for our night out. She had bought a new dress, red (of course) but made of what looked like tightly (very tightly) wrapped silk bandages. It was classier than the first red dress, but no less sexy. I slipped into a shirt, jacket and slacks while Eric surprised me by wearing a tie.
Once ready, headed out to dinner where we spent a couple of hours with tiny portions of delicious food, excellent wine and slowly smouldering, relaxed conversation. Everyone knew where the evening was going to end – with Katie a cum covered mess – but we were in no rush for once. It was more than the fucking that we would miss when Eric went out and it was a fact that we acknowledged without voicing.
The two of them were a little tipsy by the time I paid and hustled them into our taxi.
"Where too next, hubby?"
"When in Rome, sweetheart, when in Rome."
"What?"
"Red light district."
Katie gasped. I found it adorable that my wife, despite the fact that she was reading herself for a no holds barred threesome later that very evening, still found the idea of visiting the naughty part of town somehow shocking. Eric raised his eyebrow at me but said nothing, his hand creeping up Katie's inner thigh.
Katie was mesmerized by the girls in their little glass booths, stacked one on top of another, like a prostitute advent calendar.
"So brazen," she whispered as she stared, "I wonder how many they get through in a day," she muttered to herself.
Moments later she found herself hustled into a seedy cellar while I paid the fee for the Live Sex Show. She was too dazed to complain and refuse and Eric and I bundled her into her seat before she knew what was happening. As the lights came up on the perfect physiques of the performers, her wits came back to her.
"Oh my god Dan, are they actually fucking?" I nodded and kissed her neck.
"Look at his thing. It is massive! It's bigger than Eric's!" she hissed at me. I noticed that she had spread her legs slightly and that Eric was clearly doing some preparation work.
We sat through a couple more acts of oiled up, beautiful people fucking in a weird, musically directed, rhythm before the part of the show that I had banked on started up.
A gorgeous blonde performer, tall with pendulous swinging breasts stood on the stage and demanded a volunteer. As expected, no one in the subdued crowd stepped up – must have been no stags in. She scanned the crowd again, her face pleading her fingers running over her perfect tits, her Brazilian shaved mound and the shapely curve of her ass.
"Isss there nooooo one?" she drawled in her eastern European accent. I raised Katie's hand and shoved her down the isle to a surprised "Umph."
Once the crowd got a look at their 'volunteer' a huge cheer and plenty of cat-calls went up. Katie staggered to the stage, in obvious terror.
The blonde vision smiled winningly and helped Katie to the stage, commenting on how brave she was and how it took a woman to do a man's job etc...
Eric and I grinned at each other, watching how out of water Katie looked in her classy red dress next to the naked porn performer, on a stage watched by dozens of disgusting perverts (us included).
The performer led Katie to the centre of the stage and had her kneel down, calming her the whole while. She then slipped on a silken blindfold and lightly bound her hands. The cat calls from the crowd were thunderous. Katie, smiling, still a little drunk, played along. She did so hate hurting people's feelings. Besides, it was just part of the show, right? Katie loved drama.
"Now we play, peel the banana!" Blondie announced, dragging a stool up to opposite my wife's face.
If you have never seen this particular show, it goes like this. The performer grabs some hapless volunteer (usually someone kicked up the isle in a stag do) and forces them to peel a banana which she has inserted in her, well you get the idea, with just their teeth. Now, this is usually hilarious with some drunk, fat, stag. With Katie, well, it was suddenly incredibly erotic.
The crowd went quiet as Katie ended up with her face buried in the bond woman's crotch, trying vainly to peel the banana. I noticed that the blond woman, far from bantering and jeering as was the usual fair, had one hand on Katie's head and her head thrown back, eyes closed.
I'm not sure how long this went on for, but it was quite a while before the performer finally let Katie up from the ground and back to her feet, to earth shattering applause.
"You are going to pay," Katie said to me and she threw herself down on the seat.
We left soon after, Eric and I both so turned on that we decided that the nights foreplay was well and truly over. We took the cab back to the hotel in silence, Katie sat on my knee alternatively kissing me then Eric, one of her hands on each of our cocks. The cabbie was completely unconcerned. I suppose if you are an Amsterdam cabbie, nothing is likely to shock you.
The penthouse suite was less luxurious than the price suggested, but was still pretty amazing. As we piled through the door Katie grabbed us by our cocks and led us to the huge, endless bed. She sat us down on the edge and took a few steps back, turning on the T.V. She looked past me to Eric and said,
"Eric, your present to remember me by is this," she threw him the remote to the T.V. "you have thirty seconds to find a porno. I'll mimic, as far as practically possible, whatever those whores do on screen, right here, right now, for one night only."
Eric, cool under pressure, started channel surfing instantly.
"Katie," I said, as Eric instantly located the porn channels, this was Amsterdam, after all.
"Yes hubbie?" Katie replied, as she kicked off her shoes.
"You realise we are in Amsterdam, home of the hardest porn in the world, right?" Her eyes found mine immediately and I could tell by the rabbit in headlights terror of her expression that no, she had not thought of that. I grinned an evil, evil grin.
"Good luck," I said as Eric suddenly turned the volume up.
"Found it," he said.
Katie got lucky, really. Eric chose, for obvious reasons, a threesome scene that had just started between a petite red-head and two massive black guys. I could tell, as Katie watched the scene unfold, that she was both shocked and turned on by the sheer massive size of the black guys cocks.
The scene started, and our fun started, with the Red head on her knees fucking her face on each of the black shafts.
Katie dropped to her knees instantly and beckoned to us with her fingers. We obliged, falling out of our clothes and presenting her with two big, angry, excited dicks. She was a slobbering, moaning wreck moments later as she bobbed up and down our lengths in a futile attempt to match the red-head's deep throating talent.
It was incredibly erotic, seeing my wife on her knees, all dressed up, trying to out-whore a whore with such gusto.
Too soon the scene changed again and the red-head found herself being fucked from both ends. We all knew this game and I now watched as Katie, being slammed by Eric once more, still in her dress, slid up and down my shaft, leaving smudges of her lipstick as she went.
We switched placed and I felt how wet Katie was, how turned on and into it as she ground back against me. I was enjoying myself immensely.
This continued for a good few minutes and I was lost in the pleasure of the debauchery. There was something seedy about the hotel room, the foreign city and the obcene show we had watched earlier that had my inner beast raging and I found myself pounding my wife with muscle breaking ferocity. I was only stopped when Eric grunted and said, "New position." I had forgotten the porno on the screen behind my sweat dripped back. I turned, still inside Katie, and watched as 'me' (if I had been a six foot five black guy with a donkey dick) had pulled out of the writhing red-head and was determinedly pushing his mammoth cock against the rose of her ass. Katie, having removed her lips form Eric's slick manhood, watched with apprehensive eyes.
Anal was something we had not yet tried as a couple. I wondered if, at long last, we had finally come up against a line she was unwilling to cross. We all watched in silence as the beast impaled the starlet and she moaned in pain and simulated pleasure. I started rocking again, fucking Katie slowly as she watched the film. A moment later and she surprised me again, glancing over her shoulder and saying: "Do it."
I quickly obliged, removing my granite hard-on from her drenched peach and lining it up against her virgin ass. I took it slow and easy, gently guiding it in inch by quivering inch, Katie's head buried in Eric's broad chest, moaning and panting as I pushed forward. Finally I was all the way in, buried to my balls deep in my wife's tight, tight ass. She dropped her head onto Eric's cock again and we resumed our previous rhythm slowly, marvelling at how tight and hot her ass felt clenched around my cock.
Eric caught my eye and pointed at the screen, where the scene had changed again. While we were busy, the two huge stunt cocks had managed to lift the red head between them and had her stuffed in both holes in a red-headed sandwich between them. I nodded to Eric and, without warning, hoiked Katie up off the bed and up against my chest as I stood, my cock still buried in her ass. She moaned at the shifting friction of the move and her hands reached back and held my head as I kept a firm grip of her knees, spreading her legs. Eric was suddenly there, helping me support her and as she kissed me I saw her eyes flutter open as he slid his meat into her. She groaned and her head lolled sideways as she was filled up with cock. I could feel Eric's member grinding away and we brought up a complimentary rhythm of sorts as we fucked Katie together. I have no idea how long we went at it like that, only that by some animal instinct of desire, Eric and I peaked at the same moment. Katie was a mess by this stage, incoherent and little more than a grunting, moaning, sweat covered and her thighs slick with cum and her own juices. She felt us reaching crescendo and she responded, thrashing wildly and urging us to cum deep inside her, to fill her up. I came roaring, Eric came grunting and both our cocks spewed deep inside Katie who just shrieked "Yes!" over and over while we emptied ourselves. We collapsed in an exhausted heap after that, only the sounds of the indomitable porn stars, still at it, filled the room.
It took a while for Katie to be ready again that night, but after a shower and some ordered champagne, the show was back on the road. They fucked in every manner possible, sometime with me making it three, mostly with me as a spectator, taking pictures with the SLR I had bought for the occasion. Eric even managed to fuck her ass with his huge tool, which I was only possible because of how much I had loosened her up. I marvelled at the man's stamina and physical endurance. I was no slouch myself and have always prided myself on my recovery time but Eric was something else. They fucked until the sun rose. They fucked until I had to force them to stop so we didn't miss check-out.
The flight back was quiet and contemplative. We were all spent and sexually drained. Eric shipped out a few days later. I gave him a burned DVD of the pictures from that night, as well as others I had taken and kept. We wished him good luck and went back to our lives.
I had thought that Eric's departure would be a full stop on our wild ways, until he came back, of course. But Katie surprised me there again – but that, as they say, is another story.