I have written before, I think it was back in December 2019.
I was writing about my experiences with the carers, in particular the young one and I was going to submit it, late April ish. But after cumming on the young carers face the other day, it prompted me to submit this story earlier.
...
I am the disabled man with two main carers, one of which (Niki) is in her early thirties and I got her to, reluctantly, hold my erect penis, making me very, very excited and the feel of Niki's hand wrapped around my penis, made me cum, immediately!
But I will recap again about me, my situation and my main carers.
I am a man in my mid to late 50's that had a very bad stroke and I am now, virtually paralysed and in a wheelchair.
I had a very severe stroke when I was in my early forties.
Now, I can 'just' talk, and I can 'just' use my left hand and arm. I suppose it's about 10% on a good day.
I can 'just' and very, very slowly lift my legs up, so they are 'almost' straight. But this a painfully slow operation.
The rest of my muscles are f*****!
I live on my own in a ground floor flat.
I am very slim (with a flat stomach) and very, very healthy.
I have a full head of shoulder length dark blonde hair, with a little grey in it, but not much and a stubble.
My penis, just under 6.5 inches, has not been affected in any way, and I take various, general, supplements to increase my semen volume and promote precum production!
I am very, very horny, (Which is an under-statement!) edging most nights when I am in bed, over porn pictures and videos, and over explicit 'photoshopped' images of Niki, all of which I have on a USB stick in my TV! (I downloaded an image of Niki from 'Facebook'.)
I let myself cum, about, every other week, to allow time for my semen to build up!
I also 'jelq' most nights with an oily/greasy tea tree gel, (It's used on my scalp.) which is kept on a shelf by my bed, which I can just reach. I don't need much, and it's more or less soaked in by morning!
I love looking at porn on my computer and I was very, very sexually active, with my Italian girlfriend, just before my stroke, which probably accounts for my horniness!
I have two main carers, Niki and Fran.
Fran is in her early sixties and has been with me since 2009.
I guess she is just over 5 feet, medium build, with a belly, short grey hair and looks her age.
One morning, in the early summer of 2019, when she was working, hearing her come in at 8.30am and shout "Morning!" woke me from an erotic dream.
I had a hardon!
I had woken at about 7.00am, but I had drifted back off to sleep!
Anyway, when she came in the bedroom, my penis was still quite big, so I asked her to give me a few minutes.
She did.
I called her back in to uncover me, when my penis had shrunk some more.
Pulling back the cover, revealed that my penis was still 'slightly' engorged!
Fran 'slowly' washed my penis and it started growing. She 'slowly' dried it and it got quite big and a little bit of precum oozed out!
(She knew what she was doing!)
I apologised and she said that she didn't mind and if I wanted to make it fully erect and take care of it, she said that she didn't mind that either!
She has seen my fully erect penis before, but from a distance.
I haven't got a bedroom door, you see, but the bathroom door is at about a 45 degree angle to the bedroom and the corridor to my room, so that when the bathroom door is wide open, it leaves about an eight inch gap to the wall of that corridor that leads to my bedroom and I know Fran has stood behind that door, when I have asked her to give me a few minutes, when I have had an erection!
I have seen the top of her head reflected in the glass of a picture that hangs on the wall there!
I can't see her, but she can see the bottom half of me!
Anyway, hearing an open invitation to masturbate in front of her, made me very, very horny and very excited!
So, I did start masturbating in front of her, and I went very hard within seconds and wiped the bit of precum over the head of my penis, making it quite shiny!
So, I pumped my penis whilst she watched and then I asked her if she wanted to take over!
She did!
She pumped my penis about a dozen times before my head lifted off the pillow and my legs went completely straight!
I was cumming!
"Ugh, I'm cumming!"
Fran lowered her head down.
"I don't want to waste it!"
Just as I started cumming, she put my penis in her mouth!
"Mmmm! Nice n salty!"
She swallowed my cum!
Since then she has watched me jerk off and cum many times, and has also jerked me off herself and has, twice now, put my penis in her mouth, just as I was about to cum!
She has a 'thing' for me, as she is divorced and single and sends me an 'incognito' valentines card each year. (I know it's her!)
But all that was in the early summer of 2019.
Nothing much has happened with her since then.
I have had a few 'semi's', that haven't amounted to anything, but as you will read, I started getting erections with the younger carer!
Despite Fran seeing me cum, helping me to cum and cumming in her mouth, we have a very good relationship.
The other carer (Niki) is in her early thirties and has been with me since 2008 and I am her sole client.
Considering she has had two children in the past few years, she has a good figure, with quite a firm butt, and would definitely qualify as a 'milf'!
She is quite tall, 5'10" ish, with long legs and she is quite slim and pretty, with big, brownish, doe eyes and very full lips. Long, straight and highlighted, medium colour blond hair that cascades over her shoulders, down to the middle of her ample sized boobs and graduated at the front, so she can part it on the right, so she has a, sort of, fringe which she sweeps across her forehead and across the corner of her left eye and down to her cheek, joining the rest of her hair.
She always wears skin-tight jeans and baggy, V-neck t-shirts in the summer, which are quite revealing when she bends down, as I am treated to seeing quite a lot of cleavage and the top of her 'lacy' bra!
This gives me a hardon!
In the winter, she wears a 'figure hugging' long sleeved top that she tucks in, that really emphasises her, largish boobs.
I would make a guess of her being a 'D' cup!
Both of them worked for the care company that initially looked after me, but they went bust in 2014.
As Niki and Fran had both been working with me for some years, I arranged for them to stay working with me.
So, now the Council pay me, and I pay them.
In 2018, I managed to secure them a very, very big pay rise.
As they tend to just work with me, a uniform is not needed.
Basically, they share the week between them, coming in three times a day. (To get me up, dressed and prepare breakfast. Cook and prepare tea. Put me to bed.)
The younger one works four days a week, has two very, very young girls and is married, but her husband is away a lot. Like a lot, a lot! About six weeks at a time. Then home for three or four. (For example, he went away early December and came back in the middle of January! Then left again in early February, missing his youngest daughter's second birthday by two days, and missing the eldest daughter's fourth birthday by two weeks! He came back mid-March, missing Niki's birthday by a few days!)
She comes across as reserved/demure and is quite sweet, which only adds to her sexual attractiveness!
She really excites me, and I do fantasise about her a hell-of-a-lot, mainly with her watching me cum, helping me to cum and her wearing a skirt or dress on a shower day and doing a reverse cowgirl on me, whilst I am on the commode!
I love masturbating, edging and cumming when I am in bed thinking about her and looking at, photo-shopped, explicit pictures of her on my TV, and I have erotic dreams about her!
I haven't always found her sexually attractive.
I suppose I started having erotic dreams about her, just after she came back after her first maternity leave in early 2017, and I also started getting the odd erection in front of her around the same time.
When she came back from her second lot of maternity leave, late 2018, my erections got more frequent!
Then my erections got even more frequent around the spring of 2019, and then around September/October 2019, I would get an erection in front of her all the time!
I don't know if Niki is giving off a hormone that I am picking up on now. I only know that, since her pregnancies, she makes me very, very horny and I can't help getting an erection in front of her!
I noticed that last spring/summer, (2019) her presence would make me very, very excited and horny and I started getting an erection when she washed my body, which I found quite a turn on! (I still do!) If I didn't get a full erection as she washed my body, I did when she washed my penis!
To be honest, I was a little bit embarrassed about getting an erection in front of her, and I would apologise, and Niki would cover it with a towel!
I suppose that I started to get an erection every time she came in, in the morning, from about October ish of the same year, so I would ask her to leave the duvet over me, whilst she shaved me.
My erection would start to soften and die down during the shave, to the point that it was okay for her to uncover me, but my penis only started to get harder as she washed me!
So, as she was now used to seeing my erection, I didn't think it was worth apologising anymore and I stopped being embarrassed about it and she stopped covering it up! (Particularly, when her husband had been away for a few weeks and after our chat.)
Actually, I really like getting an erection in front of her now and I like her seeing my erection!
We had a chat in October 2019, as one breakfast time Niki could see that I had something on my mind.
I must have gone quite red when she asked me what was up, and I said that it was an embarrassing subject!
Niki gave me a big lecture about knowing me for over ten years and that I shouldn't feel embarrassed in front of her.
I, reluctantly, said that I find her sexually attractive and I couldn't help getting an erection in front of her!
Niki assured me that she was okay about it and did offer to cover my erection up, if I was embarrassed about it! I said that it didn't embarrass me now and I didn't mind her seeing it, as she was okay about it!
Niki added that should I feel that I need to relieve myself, I can, but she doesn't want to be present when I do!
We have a fantastic relationship and she just seems to take everything in her stride. (Thank goodness!)
Like when she washed and dried me, making me very erect and so, so close to cumming!
(Her husband had been away for over a month.)
Niki did cover my erection up as I had started leaking precum, due to her washing one side, pushing it with the flannel, then washing the other side and then rubbing it dry!
I think that, as I was leaking precum, she could see that I was very excited!
I could feel my sperm building up!
I really needed to cum!
I did say to Niki.
"Erm! Perhaps you could give me a minute?"
"Do you want me to go then?"
I was feeling quite horny and bold!
"Well er, you don't have to."
I uncovered my very hard penis and coughed! For a split second, my penis went even harder and some precum flew out and landed on my lower chest!
Niki looked shocked!
"Oh! I will go then and leave you to it!"
As I was feeling very, very horny and bold, so I asked her to hold my penis!
"No John, I can't do that!"
She went to walk out of the bedroom.
But I was feeling very, very horny, excited and very bold, so I asked her again.
"Please Niki, just for a second!"
She stopped, turned around and approached the bed.
"Just for a second and then I will leave you to it!"
Although she was wearing gloves, the feeling of her warm hand wrapped around my hard penis and seeing her hold me, made me very, very excited, and caused me to cum immediately!
"I'm cumming!"
I did an incredible cumshot that flew about three feet in the air, heading towards her face!
Instinctively, she quickly moved her face and the cum landed on the edge of the bed and she quickly angled my penis away from her as a couple more spurts of cum came out, landing on my lower chest and then the rest of the cum just oozed out and went over her 'gloved' hand!
She did move her hand up and down my penis whilst I was cumming, but just the once and very, very slowly!
"Sorry about that Niki!"
"Hmmmm!"
She got a wet flannel and wiped up the cum on the bed and then cleaned me up.
Things were a little awkward for a few minutes!
And on the occasion that I overdid some, subtle, masturbating whilst she was putting on a compression sock, and therefore wasn't looking!
I was masturbating to edge! But what with Niki there, I did too much masturbating!
I could feel that I was close, so I took my hand off my penis, but it was too late!
"Oh no, I'm cumming!"
She leaned over me to get a towel, to cover my erection up, just as I was cumming, and I did a cumshot that hit the underside of her chin, and then dripped on to her top as she stood up!
"Oh! Sorry Niki!"
"Okay."
She used the flannel, which was already in my room, in a bowl of water, to wipe the cum off her chin and t-shirt!
"Sorry again!"
"Okay."
When my penis was laying down, she uncovered me, wiped up the cum with the flannel and then, generally, cleaned me up!
Things were a bit awkward for about half-an-hour or so!
But, on both occasions, although I was a bit embarrassed, Niki was fine and made me feel relaxed about it and our relationship still remains fantastic!
I suppose that I am quite lucky having a youngish, attractive and slim carer, that's been with me for such a long time, is okay with me getting an erection around her and is so broadminded!
...
I vividly remember December 20th 2019, as it was very, very memorable!
It was a Friday morning, and Niki told me that she was going out that evening with 'the girls' for a Christmas do and would be dressed up at teatime, as she was going straight to a friend's house.
Teatime came and when Niki turned up, she took her long coat off, revealing what she was wearing!
A dark red button up blouse, a black with fine red criss-cross lines, short pleated skirt, (It came to about mid-thigh.) dark red high heeled shoes and fishnets! (At that point I had no idea if they were tights or stockings!)
Her hair had recently been done and she was wearing red lipstick and immaculate makeup.
(She has good legs! In the summer I see them, but she is wearing flat shoes then. This was the first time I had seen her in heels!)
She looked amazing and very, very, very sexy!
"Very nice!"
"Thanks."
As she was wearing stilettos, her waist was about at my eye level.
She stooped down and emptied my leg-bag and I was treated to a lot of cleavage and a black lacy bra!
I went very hard, very quickly!
I remained hard whilst she prepared my tea. As I only have a small kitchen with no door, I can watch while my tea is being prepared and that day I was looking at Niki's long legs, thighs and butt and imaging what her pussy looked like!
I was massaging my hard penis through my trousers and conveen!
Niki opened a cupboard and stretched up to get a frying pan. Her skirt raised up a bit and I could see that she was wearing stockings and suspenders!
That got me so excited!
I squeezed my penis head, to stimulate it more, when I saw that!
Niki was then chopping mushrooms and a piece flew on to the floor to her right.
She turned away from me and bent over to get it, and her skirt rode up, and because I was lower down in my wheelchair, I saw the top of her stockings, the black suspenders, the bottom of her butt cheeks and a black thong!
I ejaculated!
I mean, really ejaculated!
I felt the cum explode from my penis and surge through my conveen and down the tube to my leg-bag!
...
When I hear her come in the front door, in the morning, I start to get an erection, and I masturbate so that I have a full erection! (Under the duvet.)
She takes a few minutes to come in the bedroom and then a few more minutes to gather things for the wet shave and I, generally, ask her to leave me covered up for a few minutes, as I am still, subtly, masturbating!
As Niki is shaving me, I stop masturbating and my erection starts to calm down and when she has finished, I then say that it's okay to uncover me. When she does, my penis is still quite hard but laying down on the top of my left thigh!
As she washes my body, my penis starts growing and by the time she has washed and dried my penis it's practically fully erect!
Niki then walks around the other side of the bed to dress me, and as she starts with the compression socks first and therefore turns away, I can 'subtly' masturbate then, to maintain a full erection!
I stop as she turns to get the other compression sock, but then continue as she is putting that one on, to ensure that I have a full erection when she has finished and goes to put the leg-bag on!
(Sometimes, I get very, very close to cumming whilst 'subtly' masturbating!)
I do let my erection subside after that, but I ensure that it still remains quite engorged whilst Niki is putting my boxers, trousers and boots on!
...
She knows that I am horny, and she knows that she gives me an erection and that I like getting an erection in front of her! She seldom covers it up, as she knows that I am not embarrassed about it, and I don't mind her seeing it!
She only tends to cover my erection up if I am oozing precum!
She knows that I like to cum when she is working!
If I say to her.
"I think you should give me a minute."
She just stops what she is doing and goes and prepares my breakfast and just leaves me to It!
I don't have to masturbate for long, as I can hear her in the kitchen and knowing that Niki is just in the other room, excites me and I do two or three substantial squirts of cum onto my chest and when I have finished cumming, I grab the boxers from by my side, that she hasn't put on yet and wipe up the cum and call Niki back in, when my penis has shrunk and stopped leaking cum.
I ask her for clean boxers, naturally.
...
I wrote the next bit, on the morning that it actually happened (A few days ago now.) so that it was fresh in my mind.
I was very embarrassed, but it was an incredible experience!
I had already been writing the other stuff, above, to submit late April. But after what happened just the other day, I submitted it a few weeks earlier.
...
I had been edging two or three times a week over the past month or so, whilst looking at porn and various images of Niki, but only edging, as I wanted to see if I produced more cum, and if it was worth abstaining from cumming for a good few weeks!
I had edged, two or three times the night before and edged just before Niki came in, as I had planned to cum that night, whilst looking at, photo-shopped, explicit images of her, and as she hadn't been in for a week, I was quite horny and desperate to cum!
I heard the key in the door, at about 8.25am, on the first morning of her shift. (Tuesday.)
Niki shouted out "Hello!" as she came in the flat.
(She had been off for a week.)
When she came into the bedroom, I saw that she was wearing a new low cut, V-neck, baggy, white t-shirt. It was cut a bit lower than the other ones as, even from my bed, I could see the start of her cleavage.
It was the first one this year and as it was a shower day, I knew that I was going to see more than cleavage when she was kneeling down! (She must know that she is flashing her cleavage to me when she kneels and bends down!)
I already had an erection, but seeing what Niki was wearing, made my penis go even harder, especially at the thought of what I was going to see later!
I didn't dare to touch my hardon for fear of cumming!
As I was saving it up for a big cumshot, or so I hoped, that night, as I hadn't cum for about six weeks!
"Hi Niki! Good week off?"
"Yeah not bad thanks."
"Did you get up to much?"
"Not really, because of the Coronavirus. Just family time before Luke left. Just a few days out walking, but nothing special. You?"
"Just the usual. Has Luke gone then?"
"No not yet. Early Friday afternoon. Anything new?"
"No. Nothing has changed."
"So, what are you going to do about work next week?"
"Well, I had a talk with my mum and dad and as you don't go out at the moment and everybody else only goes out once a week food shopping.
I will cut my hours, take precautions and be extra careful, and my dad will come over and look after the girls."
"Ok."
"So, did you have a good week without me?"
"So so!"
"Did you miss me then?"
I felt my penis get even harder!
"Of course!"
"Ahhhhh!"
"New top?"
"Yeah! I got three of them from Asda, buy two get one free. So, I got a light grey one, a creamy one and this white one."
"Is it nice out then?"
"Yes, it's quite nice already and it looks like it's going to be a lovely day."
She sounded a bit blocked and kept breathing through her mouth.
"Do you have a cold Niki?"
"No, not really, just a bit of a blocked nose."
She went and got some water, to give me a wet shave.
Throughout the shave, my penis remained very hard and when she had finished the shave, although I could feel that my hardon was calming down and although she was used to seeing my erection, I still asked Niki to leave me covered up for a few more minutes, as I didn't think that it was right to have my erect penis waving around as I was being transferred!
She disappeared to get my clothes from the other room.
When she came back, I felt my penis, and as it only felt a little engorged, I said that she could uncover me now.
It was only slightly engorged but lying in a pool of precum!
As she got me up and transferred me to the commode, to shower me, my penis started growing, but soon shrank with the feel of the cool water. (I prefer to have the water cool, as it makes the air seem warmer.)
When she had finished showering me, Niki pulled me, almost all of the way out of the wet room, so she could kneel on the carpet and dress me.
She knelt right by my feet, so my feet were just touching the outside of her knees and as she was kneeling and sitting back, her boobs were about level with my knees and her head was just a bit lower than my own.
She dried and talc'd each foot.
As she was kneeling, I had an incredible view of her cleavage and the top of her, low-cut, white lacy bra!
I soon went very hard and I could feel that I had started leaking precum and as my penis head was wedged under my right hand, (Which doesn't move, if you remember.) it was safe for me to 'subtly' massage/masturbate the upper side of my very hard penis, with my left hand, moving the foreskin backwards and forwards quite quickly and as Niki was looking down, she couldn't see what I was doing anyway!
(I was going to stop massaging my penis when Niki had put the other compression sock on.)
But as Niki lifted my right foot on to her knee to put the compression sock on, my thigh and hand lifted and my penis slid free and sprang up to about 45 degrees from my legs, bringing with it a string of precum!
I saw Niki flick her eyes up and then she carried on putting the compression sock on my foot.
As Niki was looking down, I could masturbate, which was very, very exciting, as she could look up at any moment!
I thought she was going to look up, so I stopped and quickly moved my hand, but she didn't, Niki leaned forward a bit more to pull my compression sock up.
As she leaned forward, her t-shirt fell forward more, revealing that her low-cut bra, was indeed very low-cut so, I saw a lot more of her bra clad boobs and the very, very tops of her areola, as her nipples must have gone hard, as the edge of the lacy fabric was now away from her skin a good five millimetres, probably more, revealing the very top of her, dusky browny/pink, areola!
Her nipples must be quite big, especially to lift the edge of the fabric like that!
I felt my penis get even harder and a 'glob' of precum came out and started, slowly, descending my penis!
I was so excited from what I had seen and could still see!
I needed and wanted to cum!
I just didn't care. I was so very excited!
My heart was pounding, and my penis throbbed with every beat of my heart and it looked so swollen, and the head was so shiny!
Niki was still looking down, struggling and wiggling the compression sock up my leg.
I wrapped my hand around my very engorged penis and pumped it a couple of times, spreading the precum down it!
I started to feel my cum building up!
I released my penis just as Niki sat back. She moved my foot off her lap and put it by her knee and went to grab the other one, when I, urgently, said!
"Niki, I'm going to cum!"
Niki quickly looked up at my shiny and swollen penis, just as more precum oozed out and dripped down to my legs!
"Oh!"
(What with weeks of not cumming, regular edging, edging that morning, seeing a lot of her cleavage in her very low-cut bra, getting hard, me massaging my hard penis, masturbating a bit and then seeing Niki's areola had made me so very excited and then the couple of pumps of my very hard penis, all proved too much and I could feel that I was going to explode!
And I did!)
As soon as I said. "Niki, I'm going to cum!" my feet started lifting up off the floor as my legs went straighter and rose up to her tummy.
(The action of my legs going straighter, made my body slide down the commode slightly.)
She straightened up a bit and leaned forward, so her face was a bit higher than mine now and just over my knees. She reached out to hold my hips so, I presumed, I didn't slide out of the commode.
Niki had to lean forward quite a bit, over my feet and legs, so that she could hold my hips, and the baggy t-shirt fell forward again, and now I could see that she did have, big, hard nipples, and they were 'really' pushing against the lacy fabric, tenting it out quite a bit, so I could clearly see the tops of her areola!
And because Niki was leaning so far forward, I could now see all of her bra!
This view really turned me on, and I am sure that it made me cum harder!
She opened her mouth and breathed in to speak, just as I started to cum! (I hadn't ejaculated for nearly six weeks, remember!)
"I'm cumming!"
My penis went even harder, raised up and squirted cum towards her face!
I did a, very powerful, fairly long rope of cum which flew into her open mouth, just as she was breathing in to speak!
She flinched, quickly closed her mouth and moved her head down and to the right, and the rest of that cum rope trailed over her top lip and on to her upper cheek!
My penis was jerking violently and had squirted another two ropes of cum that hit her upper cheek with an audible 'splat', causing Niki to flinch and shut her eyes tightly momentarily! It splashed onto her hair and eyelashes, then the cum ran down her cheek and dripped down to her jeans!
She took her left hand off my left hip and, unsuccessfully, wiped her cheek!
"My god John!"
My penis was still jerking violently and I did about three more, substantial, squirts landing on her top and jeans and two smaller squirts, that ended up on my thighs!
"Oh my god Niki, I am so sorry!"
My legs started to relax, so she took her hands off my hips and sat back just as some cum dripped off her cheek and slowly disappeared down her cleavage!
She then moved her head back to look at me, swallowed, cleared her throat and breathed in.
"That's okay. What I was going to say was, that I better hold your hips, so that you don't slide out of the commode."
"I guessed that's why you were doing it."
My penis was still pointing up to Niki's face oozing cum. The cum on her cheek, had now run down her face and there was a long drip down to her left breast and there were beads of cum in her hair and on her eyelashes and she had cum on her t-shirt and jeans!
I must of squirted a good desert spoon of cum and most of it had hit Niki!
(So, I do cum more if I abstain for a few weeks!)
Although it was great seeing Niki with my cum on her face and it was a lovely feeling, I was rather embarrassed about it!
"I am so sorry about that Niki. I hope you're okay?"
"Don't worry about it John, and yes I'm fine."
(I have always been a bit of a squirter! Even just before my stroke, my Italian girlfriend used to get me to pull out of her pussy, just as I was cumming, as she used to love seeing my cum fly! If she was on her back, my cum would easily hit her in the face, if she was on all fours, my cum would hit the back of her head!)
My legs went completely limp and Niki stood up.
"I better clean myself up!"
She squeezed past me, and I heard her get a few wet wipes to clean herself up.
She squeezed past me again and cleaned me up with a flannel and a towel.
Then, as she knelt down and I noticed the damp patches on her top and jeans, presumably from where she had cleaned my cum off!
"Erm, you missed a bit!"
"Where?"
"Your hair!"
I pointed.
"Thanks."
There were a few beads of cum in her hair, that she wiped away with the towel.
"Is that it?"
"Yeah."
She grabbed the other foot and put it on to her lap, to put the other compression sock on, giving me another splendid view of her cleavage, boobs and the lacy top of her bra!
My penis twitched and swelled a little but didn't really respond.
She leaned forward again to 'wiggle' up the compression sock and she, obviously, still had hard nipples so, once again, I saw the top of her areola!
My penis started to swell even more and, as it wasn't confined this time, it rose up unhindered!
Niki looked up at my erection.
"You're not going to ejaculate again are you?"
"No. Erm, I've got nothing left!"
I smiled.
"I'm not surprised!"
Niki smiled back and continued dressing me and my erection soon died down.
"I'm so sorry again, I feel awful and so embarrassed."
"John, it's okay. Don't feel embarrassed. You couldn't really help it. It just happened. It's partly my fault anyway, as I shouldn't have worn this top on a shower day!"
I held my hand up.
"Can you cut my nails today?"
"Sure."