On the face of it, Carla lived a conventional, married life. Husband Mike worked in IT and Carla in an office for a construction company. They appeared to be a "normal" couple but there was a twist: Mike was very vanilla in his sexual tastes; not at all adventurous in bed. Carla, on the other hand was a self-confessed exhibitionist slut. Her libido was in constant overdrive. She was an extremely attractive woman, and at the age of thirty-four was in her sexual prime. With thirty-four E boobs, a dress size ten, red/auburn hair and standing at five feet and two inches (without her usual five-inch heels), she oozed "come get me" sex appeal and had no difficult at all seducing strangers into one night stands to satisfy her ever-growing lust.
Between these irregular one night stands she found herself needing to masturbate at least once a day to assuage her demanding pussy. Of course, she kept her well-used dildo always hidden from Mike. He was quite a prude and would never have approved. He had absolutely no idea what Carla got up to, or what she craved.
She had joined the Literotica site a year or so earlier to try to explore and satisfy her sexual needs, but it made things worse. The more she read the threads, read the erotic stories, saw the hot photo, and video posts, the more she realised how much of a slut she was and how much she craved cock. She exchanged messages with a few horny guys on the site. She really hit if off with one of them, a much older guy, exchanging slutty chat and photos. For an older guy, he had a lovely cock and she often fantasised about being fucked by someone well old enough to be her dad. For slut Carla, any cock would do to use her when she felt in the mood, which was most of the time. This guy offered to write a Literotica story about one of her ultimate fantasies.
Dear reader: this is that story......
Carla was the only woman in the office. Most of the time there were only a few guys around. Tom, a sixty-year-old, handsome chap, and Paul were office regulars but most of the others were often out on site. The senior management team of four were occasionally in for meetings in the main conference room.
Knowing she was attractive to men; Carla played the part of office hottie to perfection. Always wearing her "uniform" of mid-thigh length black skirt, white blouse with top four buttons undone to show plenty, but not too much, cleavage, accentuated by her plunge bras of choice. Being quite short at five-two, she always wore five-inch heels to the office with black hold ups and panties. More often than not, those panties didn't stay on all day. Carla got so horny when she occasionally logged on to the Literotica site at work, she just had to play with her pussy and rub her clit under her desk.
She knew full well that all the men at work lusted after her. Just the way they stared as she walked by and followed her ass as she deliberately swayed her hips on the way to the kitchen conference room, or bathroom. She didn't flirt in an over-the-top way but was expert at bending over just enough to show off her shapely ass or lean over just enough to allow glimpses down her thirty-four E cleavage. As she put it herself, she was basically a HR nightmare. Tom's desk was opposite hers and she occasionally "accidentally on purpose" crossed and uncrossed her legs, opening them slightly hoping he would get a flash or two. His flushing face gave away that he was indeed noticing.
Carla noticed a pattern in Tom and Paul's behaviour. Several times, after she'd flashed them or bent over to pick something up or brushed against them while chatting, one or other of them would disappear off to the men's toilet, returning five or ten minutes later looking much more relaxed. Carla was certain they were wanking over her and that really turned her on. After those episodes, she had to go the ladies loo to relieve herself. Being the only woman there, she could moan and gasp without fear of anyone hearing, as she fingered her wet pussy and frigged her swollen clit to make herself cum.
In the less frantic office moments, Carla would daydream about her ultimate kinks and fantasies. The one that kept coming bank into her mind repeatedly was for her to be gangbanged. She was watching a lot of gangbang porn where several men would use a willing slut. She dreamed of being that slut, being totally used by the management team on the conference room table. She wanted to be airtight, a cock in her pussy, in her arse and in her mouth at the same time. She wanted to feel hands grabbing her tits and all over her body. She wanted their cum in all her holes and all over her. She desperately wanted to be Carla the cum slut office whore.
She knew Tom was a close friend of the HR manager and started to hatch her plot to try to make her fantasy become reality.
It was mid afternoon, always her horniest time of the day. She opened her legs under the desk making sure Tom had an unobstructed view of her hold up tops and black skimpy panties. She knew he was taking it in because he dropped his pen on the floor and reached down to pick it up very slowly, clearly so could get a better view. She went to the lady's toilet and took off her panties. Perfect; they were lovely and wet with a nice stain of pussy juice in the crotch. She walked back to her desk and told Tom she was going to a meeting with her boss. As she walked off, she left her scrunched up panties on the corner of her desk.
After sitting panty-less through the meeting with her boss, Carla went back to her desk and sure enough they were gone. Tom wasn't at his desk either. She decided to leave for home knowing that Tom would lock up. She was certain that he was in the toilet right now, sniffing her panties and wanking. She thought about him wrapping her wet thong around his cock and wanking into it, the dirty bastard! But what a turn on that thought was. She just had to have another little play with her clit in the car before she set off for home.
Later that evening she was texting a friend when a message from Tom popped up. Attached was a photo of her black panties, completely covered in spunk. The message said 'Found these while locking up. Are they yours?'
Her plan was starting to work; she knew it was Tom and he knew that she knew. Now for the next part of the plan.
Next morning in the office Carla arrived before Tom and placed a handwritten note on his desk in front of the computer screen where he couldn't miss it. It read 'Midday, car park, your car, have another load ready for me.' When Tom arrived, she watched him read it, flush a little, sit down and look over to her nodding his head and smiling.
About ten minutes to twelve, Tom left the office and walked to his car. Carla waited a few minutes. Just enough time to remove her nice and moist panties and have a little play thinking about what she planned to do in a few minutes. Holding the panties in her hand, she walked out to Tom's car. The car park was empty so there were no prying eyes. She opened the back door and climbed into the back seat, gesturing to Tom to join her.
As soon as Tom sat down, she draped her moist panties over his face and said:
"I know you love sniffing my pussy Tom, we don't have long. I need to cum so I want you to finger me while I tell you what I want."
She was so fucking horny; sitting there whispering in Tom's ear explaining her conference room table gangbang fantasy while he expertly fingered her. She already had his trousers unfastened and pulled halfway down and was stroking his cock as he had two fingers inside her pushing in and out, and his thumb rubbing her swollen clit. Carla knew it wouldn't take long and she screamed and moaned as her pelvic muscles spasmed and she orgasmed hard pushing herself down onto Tom's hand and grinding her pussy against it.
"Fucking hell Carla. I've dreamed about fingering and fucking your pussy for ages. Are you deadly serious about me setting up this gangbang for you?"
"Fuck yes Tom. You know for certain I'm a slut now so please fix it as soon as you can. Put your fingers in your mouth and taste my pussy juice. Do you want me to suck you off now?"
"Oh god yes."
Then she bent over and took the end of Tom's cock in her mouth, still wanking it with her hand. His cock wasn't huge but not small either. Just a nice mouthful. He grabbed her head and pushed it down so his cock was fully inside her mouth and she felt his balls tense and the warm, creamy spunk flood into her.
"If you set up what I want Tom, you can be there and be one of the cocks inside my pussy as well as my mouth as a reward." Said Carla after she'd swallowed every last drop of his load.
A few days later, Tom told Carla that everything had been set up. The management team, and Tom, would be staying late on Thursday after the office closed and would gather in the conference room. He assured Carla that they were all on board, sworn to secrecy and that they had all lusted after her for ages and were totally up for it. He asked her if Paul could be there too and she agreed. The more the merrier! The thought of six horny guys all using her body was overwhelming.
All Thursday afternoon, Carla was winked at every time one of the team passed her desk. She'd never felt so horny before in her entire life wasn't able to focus at all on her work. After the last person had left, she waited and watched the senior team; David, Richard, Phill and Greig, along with Tom and Paul head to the conference room, which was her cue to go change.
Being the exhibitionist slut she was, Carla wanted to put on a show for them as well as getting all the cock she craved. In the lady's toilet she changed into her carefully chosen black lingerie set, matching bra, thong and lacy top hold ups and heels. Looking at herself in the mirror, she could already feel her pussy tingling in anticipation. She tied up her hair and put on her ruby red lipstick. God, she thought....... I look like a real porn star here.
Inside the conference room, several bottles of wine were laid out on the side table, the main conference table had soft cushions spread out all over. The large screen, used for conference video calls was set up to show streaming porn. The team had prepared this well.
Carla entered the conference room and could almost hear the jaws dropping and a silence fall. Tom quickly handed her a glass of wine and someone started a porn movie. She could see it was going to be a gangbang scene. How appropriate.
Carla knew the ice would need to be broken so without hesitating, she sat on the huge table, spreading her legs so everyone could see the wet patch on her panties, unhooked her bra and spoke.
"Okay guys; who wants to be first to suck on these tits?" All hell then broke loose, she had David sucking on her hard left nipple while Richard was squeezing her right boob. The others were all undressing and flinging their clothes onto the floor. She could see guys all around her stroking their cocks and getting them ready for action.
Carla was pushed back onto one of the cushions and she could feel hands all over her. God: this was what she'd wanted. Six guys with erect cocks groping her everywhere; her tits, nipples being sucked and then Phill eagerly pulling off her panties and forcefully pushing his face into her sopping wet pussy. Paul, kneeling next to her face rubbed his hard cock against her mouth and she wrapped her lipstick covered lips around his glans and sucked on it hard, gasping for breath. She could David and Richard wanking their cocks as they played with her tits. She desperately needed her pussy filling so she turned around onto all fours, sticking her ass into the air and shouted:
"Who's going to fuck me first?" David needed no further invitation and rammed his thick cock into her pussy from behind, thrusting deep in and out. She was so consumed with lust by now that she came hard as soon as he entered her. As she came, she grabbed Richard's cock in front of her and forced it into her mouth. She'd always wanted to be spit-roasted like this and as she was cumming she felt David groan as he shot his cream into her pussy, and, at the same time another hot spunk load filled her mouth.
Greig was wanking was the shortest in the room and Carla saw that he had by far the biggest cock; long and very thick. Carla wanted that inside her next and wanted to play out her airtight fantasy; having every hole filled with cock meat. She told him to lie down on the table and straddled him, pushing down onto his huge dick. As his meat filled her cunt, she could see the spunk from David being squeezed out along with her own cum juices. Then she leaned forward as far as she could and told Phill to get behind her and fuck her arse. He half stood, half squatted behind her and slid his rock-hard cock into her arse. Paul knelt in front of her face and pushed his cock into her hungry mouth. Fuck: she felt so filled up now. Everything was blurring and she felt her whole-body convulsing in orgasm after orgasm. Then she felt one after the other moaning and grunting as they filled her pussy, her arse and mouth with their spunk loads before pulling out.
Carla was shaking now and felt well and truly used, but that was what she'd wanted and she had never cum so much before in her life. She just had one more thing to do though, rewarding Tom for setting the whole thing up. She stood up against the table, bending forward and called to Tom:
"Your turn now; I know you want your cock in my pussy and I know you need to cum, so fuck me hard." Tom pushed his cock into her pussy from behind and with cum running down her legs he held her hips and bucked in and out of her, lasting only a minute or so before his load joined the others inside her. As he pulled out, everyone cheered and clapped as David draped a large towel over Carla and led her to the shower room for a much needed clean up.
Carla said:
"Hey, I'm not done with you lot yet. I want round two. I still need more of your cum and I know all you can manage two loads each cos I saw the Viagra packet on the table earlier. I'll be back in a few minutes. Fill up your glasses and get your cocks ready for this cum slut whore."
Carla luxuriated in the warms shower thinking about what had just happened. She was still full of raw lust and wanted more cock and cum. After towelling off, Carla want back into the conference room, now completely naked. Tits swinging and hips swaying like the complete cock slut she was.
"We've got a nice surprise for you Carla." Said Tom.
There was now a huge sheet laid out on the table over the cushions. Tom held a large tumbler of liquid and said:
"We're going to cover you all over in this warm massage oil, lube up your pussy and ass and then we're all going to take it in turns to use you. Just like you said you wanted it when you asked me to arrange this."
By now Carla was pretty tipsy, having drunk three or four glasses of wine, the next half hour passed in a blur of complete lust, fucking, cumming, screaming, filthy talking and semen inside her pussy, arsehole and mouth. The guys were able to keep going much longer second time around and she knew she'd be as sore as hell after this but she didn't care any more. Lust completely took over and she enjoyed every minute fulfilling her ultimate fantasy.
Once again there were hands all over her oiled-up body, squeezing her tits, her ass, fingers pushed inside her arsehole and pussy. Men wanking their oiled-up cocks frantically as they watched their colleagues fucking her like crazy. The air was thick with the smell of semen, pussy juice, and scented oil.
Carla took the first two loads riding Richard in reverse cowgirl while sucking Phill's cock. Both grunting as they filled her mouth and pussy with their second loads.
David grabbed her hair, pushing her face down onto the sheet and ramming his cock into her arse, thrusting hard and fast until he grunted and shot his load inside her gaping hole.
Carla was still aware enough to know that there were three more loads of man spunk to cum and she wanted completely filling up again. This time she was lying on her back on top of Paul with his cock in her arse while Greig knelt in front of her pushing his meat into her now pink, raw pussy. Tom stood over her face and she took his cock deep into her mouth as he face fucked her.
With all three pounding away at her she almost passed out with wave after wave of orgasm wracking her body. In turn they each gave her their loads of cum filling up her holes yet again. She was now, at last, totally sated and the guys were all spent. She'd taken six rampant cocks and twelve cum loads in every hole; her ultimate fantasy fulfilled.
Tom drove Carla home. She almost immediately fell asleep in the car. Fortunately, the date had been planned when her Hubby was away on business so she didn't have to worry about anyone seeing her in this sexed up, total dishevelled state. She'd had another shower back at the office so went straight to bed. Kind old Tom made sure she was fine and tucked her up before kissing her gently on the forehead. Her last thought before drifting off into a deep sleep was, she now knew that she had a male harem on hand to service her whenever she wanted cock.