While on a holiday trip to the Mediterranean with friends Melinda & Jack, I needed a day off from site-seeing. I had seen enough old architecture and supposed historic venues. Melinda wanted to join me as she was also tired of site-seeing. My wife. Emma, and our friend Jack were less inclined to give up a day seeing the sights.
While my wife and Jack head off that morning for more site seeing, Melinda and I spent a leisurely morning enjoying breakfast. After lolling around for most of the morning, Melinda and I went down to the local beach. The relaxed morning caused us to arrive later than we wanted, and the beach showed just how late we were. The beach was packed with barely enough room to even walk to the water. This was not what we wanted to see. With disappointment on our face, a local walked up and said he knew of a quiet, hidden beach that only truly locals go to. He said it was a short taxi ride and then a quick walk (5 minutes) to reach it, but definitely worth the effort. Perhaps against good travel wisdom, we decided to take him up when he pointed to the trail head which was at end of the beach we were on.
So, we jump into his taxi. 10 euro later we were at a small path that was well worn that took travelers over the hill. Hopefully to a secluded beach. We hop out of taxi to start the trek. My friend's wife led the way to serenity. Apparently 5 minutes means something different here. What seemed like 15 minutes of walking, we were still on the crowded beach side of the knoll and sweating profusely. After a brief stop to complain, we re-commence the trudge up the hill. A few minutes later, with my head looking down at my feet, I full body bump into my friend who was turning to face me just as I arrived where she stood. We smooshed together -- full body squish. A perspiration mosh of slimy bodies.
"Whoa...a little too close being that sweaty" says my friend.
"Yeah. Sorry, just plugging away at trying to make it to this beach. Wasn't even looking where I was headed -- obviously." I responded.
"Well, hope your heart is not too set on getting to this beach. We may want to reconsider going there."
"Why is that? We've got to be there soon."
"Just take a look." says Melinda
As a peer over her right shoulder, I can see the beach. It was only a few minutes more to go. The beach was sparsely populated with plenty of pure white sand leading to crystal clear water. This looked like nirvana to me.
"It's right there! Why turn around. We worked this much to get here. Why spend that time huffing up the hill if we do not enjoy some time at the beach?"
My friend turned to me, looks me square in the eye with a very serious look on her face and asks:
"So, you see nothing wrong at this beach?"
Quickly I answer, "No, it looks like a postcard destination."
"So, the people do not look a little naked?"
"Well, I cannot see that well from this distance. Are you saying this is clothing optional -- or a nude beach? It is Europe."
"I cannot tell if it is nude or clothing optional. All I know, is that there are people without clothes on down there."
"Ahh. Ok. So, what do you want to do?"
"At this point, I just want to lie down on some sand and go for a swim. If we turn around, it will be an hour before we see sand and probably 2 hours to lie down. So, I could care less if there were purple people down there. I just want to get set-up on the sand and feel the water." Melinda stated.
"Well, I am game. I just worry about what Jack and Emma will say if they learn about this."
"Unless you say something, they will never learn about this."
"Ok -- onward." I encourage.
My friend turns to finish the short walk to the beach. As we first hit the grains of sand, I could now see that many, if not most people were nude and the remaining were as scantily clothed as possible without being nude. Being dressed in a swim shirt and board shorts, I felt way over dressed. At the same time, I was not sure what I was going to do -- or what Melinda was going to do once we got settled.
We walk another 50 meters and drop our stuff, relieved to make it to someplace that we could finally relax and be done walking. Gradually we set up our beach camp with the few towels we had. Once we sit down, sweat starts to flow freely from our bodies, drenching the already sweat-soaked clothing. Drawing long sips of water from the drinks we brought, we both sigh in contentment.
As we sit, people walk in front of us heading to the water or just taking a stroll on the beach. All of these people were completely nude! Not a stitch of clothing to be seen on them. People of all body shapes ranging in age from early 20's to 70's, but all unavoidably nude. This created an uncomfortable tension between myself and Melinda. Could it be my overt gazes at these naked beachgoers, or just paranoia that I created this discomfort. With various scenarios running through my head of what to say, Melinda blurts out, "We are clearly over-dressed here!"
We both chuckled. To which Melinda declares that she is not opposed to removing clothing...to fit in and cool down in the heat. Not knowing what to say, I just turn to her and start stumbling over my words as I verbally work through as to what I was going to do. After a few embarrassing moments of this rambling, I finally spurt out, "Sure -- go ahead and strip down. I am going to take a few minutes to adjust to our being here."
My friend acknowledges my response as acceptable and starts removing her top and shorts. As I glance through the corner of my eye, I see she has just uncovered, exposing her 2 piece bathing suit that was underneath her street clothes. OK -- no biggy. Not nude, so nothing to worry about. As I take a deep breath, I grab my water to take another long swig. As my head tilted back, I noticed more rustling next to me. As I peek over, I see Melinda now removing her suit top! I choked on my sip, startled by her actions. This was not going to be good -- for me. Although we have aged and put on pounds in the wrong spots, we were not unsightly. It was tough enough not getting a hard-on seeing all the people walk by us nude. Now with someone I know well being in such proximity to me and being nude, I do not think it would be possible to keep an erection from sprouting. Melinda then begins removing her bathing suit bottoms. She was going all the way to fit in at the beach.
Standing in her birthday suit, Melinda asks if I was going to get comfortable as well.
As I turn to answer, I try not to stutter or stare and answer as if this was an everyday conversation. Slowly, I respond that I was still pondering just how much to take off. With that, I remove my shoes and swim shirt. My friend starts putting sunscreen on, rubbing the lotion over her feet then moving up her body. As she does this, I am clearly staring, watching every ooze of sunscreen and every stroke to spread the lotion. As she worked up her thighs, she spent a fair amount of time getting the inner portions of her thighs and buttocks. This was not helping me stay soft. My cock stirred beyond its current half-mast status, moving to a fully engorged hard-on. Good thing my shorts masked what was happening. If my friend saw the tenting in my shorts, she did not indicate it.
As she delicately moved to spread sunscreen on her stomach, I knew that her breasts would be next. The anticipation of what would happen next was making my cock harder, pushing my suit out further because my cock was caught in the lower edge of the lining.
Then the time came.
Melinda squeezes a dollop of lotion into her palm in a seemingly seductive manner and begins massaging her full breasts with both hands. She seemed to spend more time on her nipples than what I consider to be a normal amount of time to apply sunscreen. By now, my cock was fully erect -- albeit in an awkward angle -- pushing my shorts out several centimeters. It was clear that I was sporting a hard on. My friend startled me by saying something. Although physically present, my thoughts were elsewhere because I did not know what she said. As smoothly as I could, I say "Sorry, what did you say."
Melinda smiled and laughed a bit before saying, "I was wondering if you were going to strip down. Once you are ready, you can have some lotion to put on. Then we can do it each other's backs. Don't want to get burned out here!"
Shedding clothes at this point would be embarrassing not only for me, but I imagined it would also be embarrassing for my friend and anyone nearby. Who wants to see an older guy with a raging hard on? My friend sensed my hesitation and coyly commented how she felt free with everyone being as they were meant to be -- naked and embracing their bodies as they were -- or might have grown to be.
Thinking more about that, I said that I did not know if I could strip down. I was not sure that I was comfortable having added growth in front of my friend for the first time being nude.
"Well, it is natural. So don't worry about what happens. I will not judge you. Not how you look, not what happens throughout the day, not about hidden uncouth stares....Just don't judge me or anyone else."
"Ok -- thanks. But know that my wife will be really pissed if she finds out about this."
So, with a quick tug, I start pulling my suit off. Despite getting caught on my cock for a moment, I wrestle my suit past it to pull it fully off. By now my cock was semi-hard, indicating arousal but certainly not a raging hard-on.
"There. That was not as bad as I thought. Kind of like pulling off a band aid."
"Yeah! Good for you. Don't you feel better?" asked Melinda.
"You know, I really do feel better. It is liberating being nude. It is also much cooler without clothes too!"
"You better get that lotion on."
Shaking my head in agreement, I take the lotion from my friend's hand. As we exchange the bottle, our hands spend a few extra moments touching. To apply the lotion, I work from my feet up. Moving to my thighs, I quiver as I edge closer to my cock. By now I have a full, rigid hard on again as I imagine how erotic this could be if my friend was applying the lotion. Before going any further, I glance over to my friend who is on her side staring intently at every motion I make. I clear my throat and say that I am not sure I can go any further. My friend just chuckles and says "Don't be silly. You will get burned in the worst possible spot."
"Yeah -- you are right. But I am not sure what will happen if I don't stop .... rubbing lotion on that sensitive spot."
"That may happen, but you are the only one who can decide how much to rub on and how long to rub."
With that implicit approval to proceed, I put lotion into my hand to commence the application of the slippery fluid onto a very sensitive and throbbing protrusion. The first moment my hand touches it, my breathe is taken away. It felt so good to have a hand touching my straining cock. The feeling was such a relief and so enjoyable that I did not move for what must have been 2 minutes in order to fully experience the sensation on my cock.
"Are you going to finish?" asked Melinda, still staring carefully at me.
With that nudge of encouragement, I start massaging the sunscreen onto my cock by sliding my hand from bottom to top enjoying the sensation of the slickness slip over the head of my cock. Feeling so good, I slid my hand back down, sending sexual charges through my cock. Once at the bottom, I firmly changed direction to run my hand back over the head. I was now at the point of no return. I had to climax -- no matter who was watching. With just 2 more tugs, my cock spurts cum onto the sands below. Climaxing unleashed an overwhelming sense of relief as well as an element of embarrassment. Had I just jerked off in front of my friend -- and only lasted a few short tugs??
My hand, still wrapped around my deflating cock, had dollops of cum over it. Coming down from the orgasm, I start the cleanup process by removing the cum from my hand with a nearby towel.
"Wow! That was incredible. Your wife is one lucky woman."
Oh yeah! My wife. What do we say when she asks what did you do today? Do I say, Oh, not much. Went to a clothing optional beach, jerked off, came back to the room, had a shower. How about you?
That would go over really good.
My friend must have been reading my mind because she then said with a coy smile, "Don't worry. No one will ever know what happened. This is just between us."
"Ok. Thanks for re-assuring me. Hopefully, that won't happen again. I just could not stop rubbing once I touched my ..... my thing."
"Cock. You mean touching your cock. You can say the word."
"Ok -- yes, rubbing my cock."
"Thank you. Hopefully it will happen again. It was very hot."
"Probably not the best place to do that though. Not sure that I can ever feel comfortable here. So many other people must have seen me jerking off."
"I don't think it is as big a deal as you think. People are a good distance apart from each other. If anyone wanted to watch, then they would have to choose to watch. So that means they wanted to see it. So, think of it as community service."
"Glad you think that's the case. Not sure I can reach the same conclusion though."
"That is your decision then. In the meantime, you need to finish putting on lotion or you will be burning soon. Once done, we can do each other's back."
With that, I finish applying sunscreen to my body onto all the spots I could reach. Then ask "You ready for me to do you now?"
My friend looked inquisitively, smiled, then said, "Sure, you can do me now."
As I rub the lotion onto her back, my cock stirred awake. Staying focused on the task at hand, I finally completed the application. I then turned to let my friend apply lotion to my back.
Although I had cum in public, I was able to lay down on the beach towel to relax. After a short nap, I was finally flaccid and ready for the water. After waking up enough to move, I asked my friend if she wanted to go to the water. She happily agreed to go down to the water.
The water was warm and we stayed in the water, bobbing around for about an hour or more. During that time Melinda asked if I had a good nap. I said that I did. It felt good doing nothing today. Melinda asked if I remembered any of my dreams. Curious as to why she would ask such a thing, I say "No, why?"
Melinda said, "You just seemed to have a good dream based on what I saw."
"Uh-oh. What happened? Was I flinching?"
"No....you just got a raging hard-on again. It did quiver every once in awhile. It was clear you were dreaming of something erotic."
"Ooops. Not sure how to control that. I do not remember the dream that caused that to happen. Actually, I am glad that I was not awake during that episode. That would have been traumatic."
"Don't worry. It was more of a private show. No one noticed, except me. Plus, it gave me an opportunity to get off while watching your cock."
"Sorry I missed that; wish I could have watched you get off. Kind of fair trade. But glad you enjoyed it."
The conversations drifted away from sex as we spent another hour on the beach. We then headed back to the room to catch up with our spouses for dinner.
It did not seem to take nearly as much time to get down to the road from the beach as it did when we first arrived at the beach and we made it back to our rooms in about 30 minutes. We headed to our own rooms to get ready for the night.
After a long shower, my spouse, Emma, showed up after sightseeing, dropped her stuff and ran to the shower saying how tired she was from the day. She just wanted to shower, eat, and sleep.
Being clean and refreshed, we headed to the lobby to meet our friends and headed out to find a place to have dinner.
At dinner talked about day. No real secrets divulged. Our spouses spent the day looking at relics and historic sites. The sights were pretty far away from the place we were staying which made getting there tiring in and of itself. Melinda and I were more certain we did right thing by going to the beach. Our spouses both agree that they need to do a beach day tomorrow because today's adventure wore them down. We all agree that was a great plan.
While finishing our deserts, someone strolled up to our table and asked if we enjoyed the beach. The husband and wife say they recognized us from the beach. The woman expands her comments further by mentioning that she enjoys that beach since finding it on one of their trips here years ago because it felt so private. She then went on to say it took time for her to get used to being naked in front of others. She was glad that we did not share the same hesitancies as she had. She described how it makes you feel relieved of the weights of the world by being free of all constraints.
As she went on, you could feel the anger from our spouses with each of her comments. I drop conversation ending hints to silence our witness and to move her along. Finally, they got the hint and the two depart, leaving Melinda and I to extract ourselves from our own web. Our spouses now knew we went to not just any beach, but a nude beach.
In metered cold tones, the interrogation began. Melinda and I know we can't lie. The snitch already revealed the secret and ran away. So there really was no other choice for us. We answer each question as straightforward and honestly as possible.
Yes, we did go to a secluded beach. Yes, we did get nude. No, we did not touch each other. Yes, we would go back.
The conversations died down as we all silently stare at our drinks. Jack breaks the angry silence, "Well then, we should all go to the same nude beach tomorrow."
Melinda and my eyes shoot wide open as we gawk at Jack. Knowing my conservative wife, we all turn to see her reaction.
"That's pretty bold. What is it you hope to gain by doing that?" my wife coolly asks.
"I see it as quid pro quo. Melinda and Dave saw each other naked, so now we all get to see each other naked. Equity and no secrets. To keep our friendships and marriage solid, we should all have same unclothed view of friends. Nothing left to imagination." Answered Jack.
"Hmm, that is a valid point even though I am not sure that seems like a fair exchange. Nor do I think I could get nude in front of other people -- especially you both, our friends." Retorts Emma.
Jack quickly quipped, "To me, this is just an equity perspective. Nothing sexual. Just one of the few who are in my friend set of people who sees me naked and I see them naked. Melinda and I have been on nude beaches before a couple of times. First time was a terror, but we got over that quickly. Especially since we did not know anyone, nor would we ever see them again. Although it is not something we do all the time, we can get nude if the situation presents itself. This beach sounds like one of those places. Being nude in front of you two is not anything that I feel is different because you two are so close to us it will not feel weird to me. Why do you fear being naked in front of others Emma?"
"Well, I apparently have stronger morals than you. I just do not think that it is appropriate to be naked in front of people who are not your spouse. People do not need to see me naked, nor do I need to see others naked. Some old guy can go jerk off in private, but I will not let them use my naked body to stimulate their sexual desires -- especially while in public on a beach." Emma emphatically stated. It was almost as if she was trying to validate or convince herself that this should not happen.
With that, all conversations stop. It is clearly time to go before someone says something they will regret. We start the short walk to our rooms. We walked in silence as opposed to the talkative jolliness of the previous 5 days. The past discussion placed a firm wedge in our light hearted sentiments.
As Jack and I walk ahead, Melinda and Emma walk apart from us. You can tell Melinda talks to Emma in private on the walk back to rooms. Whatever was said between the two, Emma has warmed up to the idea of going to the beach. Just not being nude while there. Regardless, we agree to head out to the beach after breakfast.
Next morning, we all confirm that we should to go to "the" beach. When we finally get there, my wife comments how secluded and quiet the beach is. Since it is a weekday, there are even fewer people now than the prior day when Melinda and I were there. Everyone in our group starts to relax. In a huff of urgency, Melinda stands and says "This is nuts. I've got to take off my clothes." Then without further hesitation, she proceeds to take off everything.
Jack stands and says, "I agree. No need to hide under these clothes on a perfect beach day." He then starts to peel off his clothes. I notice my wife is silent, but intently staring at Jack as he removes his clothes. Although I am not sure, I believe her eyes widened and she sucked in a gasp when Jack finally took off his shorts exposing his flaccid, but elongated cock for all to see -- including her.
Our two friends are now naked while Emma and I were still in our bathing suits plus a couple of top layers. Melinda asks if we were going to get comfortable.
With sweat buildup on her forehead and lips, my wife says, "Ohhh, we are okay for now." Apparently speaking for both of us.
Melinda and Jack put sunscreen on. Once done, Jack says, "Do what you want, but I am going down to the water. It is too nice a day to be sitting here thinking about what to do next."
Once Jack is gone, I lay down and close my eyes. I can hear the women talking in quiet voices. I thought I could hear Melinda egging Emma to go beyond her self-inflicted fears of being nude on the beach. She then suggests that my wife is actually hoping that someone jerks off to her nude body because it is so naughty, but Emma is afraid to appear slutty.
My wife, in quick response, vehemently denies this. The conversation drifts back to how my wife can be nude and comfortable with her decision. Melinda convinces Emma to start removing some layers at least to cool down. Emma agrees and starts pulling some of her clothing layers off.
After a few minutes of sitting in her bathing suit, Emma coyly removes her top. Nothing happens -- no one says anything to her. No old guy came running over to jerk off in front of her.
After about 10 more minutes, my wife removes her bathing suit bottoms. Emma is now completely nude. Although my eyes are closed, feigning sleep, my wife pokes me to get up. She is proud to show me that she is now nude. Since we are a couple, Emma now wants to make sure that I get nude. I do so - quickly before she changes her mind. With wife and friend both nude, my cock has risen to half-mast, showing its nearly full length to anyone looking. And looking they were -- at least at our beach camp. Both Melinda and Emma were openly staring at my enlarged cock. This gawking only accelerated the pulse of blood raging to my cock to getting harder. In a forced quick motion, I try to sit calmly to apply lotion. My wife grabs the sunscreen from me and says she will put it on me. The glint in her eye says she has something naughty in mind.
Feeling the slickness of her supple hands gliding across my body, my cock automatically rises to full attention for Emma and Melinda to see. My wife coos in a teasing voice, "I thought I would not see any guys get hard looking at me." We all laugh, but my hard-on does not dissipate and actually starts bobbing as my wife moves to rub lotion onto my chest and stomach. As her firm, caressing motions move down to my lower abdomen, I am almost crying to have her grab my cock. It is straining to get even bigger than the full erection it already was. My wife sensing this, teasingly asks if I would like to have her rub lotion my cock. I whimper "Yes, please." Only to be scolded that I need to beg her to stroke my cock. With the pain of strain to my cock, I quickly comply. "Please grab my cock. I need to feel your touch on my cock...Mistress"
The Mistress title was added as a late thought and one that I had never referred to her as. Despite my desire to have her dominate me sexually occasionally, we never explored that fantasy because my wife believed that type of sexual encounter was not wholesome. However, today, I slid in that title to signify she was in control, hoping she would run with the commander title.
Apparently satisfied with my response and her new Mistress status, Emma grabs my cock and confidently proceeds to rub lotion on my rock-hard protrusion. Her motions quickly progress to her jerking me off - in front of Melinda. While pulling and caressing my cock, I notice Melinda starts pulsing her fingers in and out of her vagina which is on full display with her legs splayed open for access. Emma observes this as well and has shifted her stare from my hard cock that is in her hands to Melinda's fingers disappearing into her pussy. I thought I saw my wife drool as she stared at her friend masturbating in front of us. As this was happening, Emma continued to jerk me off with earnest. It was if she was vicariously shoving her own fingers into Melinda's cunt. Her hand picked up speed as she watched Melinda, silently coaxing her to come.
The jerking motions and pure eroticism of the moment bring me to an explosive orgasm at the same time that Melinda cums in a shattering convulsion. Emma's hand was now covered in my cum. Coming down from the orgasm high, we all take a deep sigh of satisfaction. Then Melinda speaks up to ask Emma if she was going to lick the cum off her hand. Emma makes a face of disgust and says no. Melinda asks if she can try some. Not sure what to make of that request, Emma looks at me. I nod ok and say it is her decision. Knowing this, Emma says sure. Melinda takes hold of Emma's hand to lick some of the cum off Emma's hand.
Melinda tells Emma that she is missing something good!
With that culmination of the orgasmic events, I excuse myself to go to the water to wash and to cool down. While walking down to the water, I walk past Jack who asks how my nap was. I tell him good, but not as good as Melinda and I getting off. Intrigued Jack asks me to tell more. As I do a quick recap, I see that Jack's cock is stirring to life. As soon as I finish telling the short story, he heads of to our beach camp.
Back at the towels, Jack asks the girls what's been going on.
Both in a synchronistical harmonic chime "Oh, nothing."
Hearing that, Jack knowingly smirks and grunts a "Hmmf."
Jack applies sunscreen to his easily accessible areas and then asks Melinda to put more lotion on him. Melinda smiles and delicately plucks the bottle from Jack's hand. She then kneels and asks Jack to turn around, so his back is to her. This forces Jack to face Emma fully while being about a half-meter away. From the water's edge, I watch all this taking place and could see from Emma's stare that she was entranced by what she saw transpiring in front of her. I doubt that she had seen another man nude for her inspection and enjoyment since being married over 30 years prior. Although Jack stripped when we had just arrived at the beach, Emma did not want to stare openly since that would be contradicting her stated values. Plus, Jack left rather quickly once naked. But now, here he was on display for her personal perusal and visual examination.
Wanting to see my wife's face better, I move from the water in trance like steps, stopping as my wife's face came into focus. This equated to some 5 meters away. A distance close enough for a clear view, but far enough that no one in the group acknowledged my presence.
With deliberate and firm caressing, Melinda starts applying the lotion at Jack's shoulders. In melodic rhythm Melinda methodically moves down Jack's back, reaching the small of his lower back before stopping to re-lube her hands with lotion. Nonchalantly, Melissas squeezes a dollop of lotion onto her hands for all to see. Dropping the lotion bottle, Melinda firmly rubs the lotion onto Jack's ass. As if attached to Melissa's hands, each firm stroke of Jack's ass coaxes his cock to stiffen a bit more until fully rigid. Seeing this, Melissa moves closer behind Jack to ask if Jack found this sexually charged to which Jack moans a breathless "Yes."
Still rubbing his ass, Melinda's hand disappears into Jack's crack. At this point, Jack's breath became short and labored. This change in Jack's breathing indicates that Melinda must have penetrated his ass with a finger or two. Tauntingly, Melinda asks Jack if he wanted to get pegged tonight. Jack can only shake his head in the affirmative. Probing further, she asks if he wanted her to be in charge and give him a real ass fucking with her strap-on dildo. Nodding his head to acknowledge this desire, Jack melted back into her, involuntarily shaking as he pressed his ass further onto her fingers as they worked their magic in his ass.
As this conversation blossoms and Jack surrenders further to his wife, Emma's eyes remain glued on the two of them as her right hand moves to her pussy while her left grabs her bosom. Once Melinda's hand grabs Jack's cock, Emma's own rubbing accelerates and starts to pulse in and out of her pussy. Recognizing her orgasm face, it was clear that Emma came 2 times before Jack spurt his fluids from his wife's cock tugging. While ejaculating copious amounts, a load of cum shoots across the sand to land on my wife's right boob.
With Jack getting softer and Emma in a comatose trance, Melinda comments for all to hear that some of Jack's cum hit Emma that needs cleaning up. No one says anything as they are still in a stupor. Melinda took that as an implicit approval to proceed. So, with a lustful gleam in her eye, Melinda reaches over to clean the cum from Emma's tit. Wiping the glob of cum from the top of Emma's tit in a downward motion, Melinda intentionally moves to Emma's nipple and starts to massage it with the cum from Jack. My wife acknowledges the nipple massage with a guttural moan as a wave of pleasure washes over her. Seeing the pleasure reaction, Melinda continued pinching the nipple in her hand. With Emma's more boisterous moaning, Melinda increases the nipple tweaking in a more fervent manner, teasing Emma's nipple to protrude in her fingertips.
This sexually charged interaction sends Emma over the edge. She reacts to this stimulation by adding a second hand to massage her sopping pussy. Emma starts thrusting her hips against her hands with a sexually charged urgency, seeking relief from the orgasmic pangs in her pussy. After a few more intense moments of thrusting, Emma cries out, "Oh god! I'm cumming! Don't stop!"
Her whole-body quivers, clearly signaling that she was indeed cumming. As the quaking subsides, she falls away from Jack and Melinda, collapsing onto the sand below her. In an almost surreal moment, all 3 of the sexual melee participants sigh as they gradually come down from the sexual highs just experienced as a group and individually.
During this exhibitionist event, I watched mesmerized nearby on my knees transfixed on the most erotic and yet personal event occurring in front of me. Not wanting to miss any of the action, I stayed motionless oblivious to the tide as it rose to encircle me. Although it was only about 10cm deep, it seemed to make me feel lighter. However, that feeling could have been a result of what I just witnessed.
Sitting in the water still dazed, it occurred to me that we had just crossed a lot of boundaries today. What would happen next? We still had 10 days left of our holiday. It is not like we would never see these people again. Only time would reveal what was to transpire.