"Yawwwwwwwwn! Sooooo bored. What am I doing home alone on a Friday night? I could be out partying somewhere but honestly I don't feel sociable. If I had my own place I could invite guys over. Living with my Mom and David puts a cramp on things unless they're gone. Well, my Mom at least. David is open to my desires after I gave in to him. He won't tell me no to anything I want to do because he's afraid I'll slip up and let my mom know about he and I having sex. Not just him, he actually brought his bosses son Patrick home for me to seduce. Hell between David and his sons I get whored out by all of them. Not that I'm complaining...except for that creepy Professor that Brad made me play puppy dog with. EWWWW!
"Spilled milk I say. I made it perfectly clear that I wouldn't fuck the Professor ever again. Of course they told me to shut the fuck up, that I'd do whoever or whatever they needed me to do. You just keep thinking that Larabee boys. If I really don't wanna do something I'll stand my ground. Don't make me pull the Mom card, that would only effect their Dad's relationship. Of course I really don't want to hurt David. I know he loves my Mom. Sadly, I like playing with David. LOL! I'm so fucking horrible aren't I? Okay Larabee boys you have me at an advantage...UGH!
"I'll roll with those punches when they call upon me. Maaan this movie bites I need action but Mom's at home for once. She's outside in the hot tub on her phone. David's cooking supper so I just don't see anything happening unless I do get dressed up and go out. Yeah this movie has got to go. As I shut the TV off I hopped up from the sofa and trudged into the kitchen. David was handsome in his Kiss the Cook apron. In a bold move i brushed up against his side as he stirred some spaghetti sauce. He winced at me and said FRISKY WITH YOUR MOTHER HOME?
"I nodded with a devilish grin and looked out the kitchen window to the enclosed hot tub gazebo. Mom was gabbing away to someone. Always business. As David tasted his sauce he held some on his tongue leaning over to share it with me. Our tongues entwined as my eyes brightened up. YUMMY I related about the sauce. Ladle set aside David nudged me out of Mom's sight pressing me up against the refrigerator. Lifting my tanktop David devoured a nipple. OMG! Mom was just outside. If she caught us we would both be looking for a new place to reside.
"I moaned softly and whispered DAVID? WHAT IF MOM...he clamped a hand over my mouth and flicked my nipple. For better or worse I let him continue. As his sauce boiled he broke away leaving me to fan myself. Stepping in behind him I could see Mom again. Nothing had changed. Hmmm. Two can play this game David. I surrounded his waist and reached down to unzip his slacks. He growled while watching Mom. At this point we were both curious to see how far we could go without Mom knowing. Digging in for David's cock I pulled it free and began jerking him erect. He loved it.
"Turning his back to Mom to face me, he placed his hands on my shoulder forcing me to crouch low. Wagging his dick toward me he suggested I suck him off. On it David. LOL! I wrapped my lips around his crown and suctioned over it. It drove him crazy. After taunting him I swallowed as much of him as I could. Neither of us paid any attention to see if Mom had gotten out. We knew we could hear the French doors slide open and have enough time to react. His dick was massive tonight, probably due to the boldness of our risk. My mouth stretched around his girth and I just wanted to please him. MMMMMM so erotic the chance of being busted.
"As I blew David his cell rang. We repositioned slightly giving him stretching room to obtain his cell. His eyes bulge IT'S YOUR MOM. STAY QUIET BUT DON'T STOP. Yes David, no plans to stop even if you told me to. I LOVE YOUR COCK. Answering Mom he acts normal as I torture him by unfastening his belt then unbutton his slacks. I forcefilly drug his pants and boxers to his knees and began kissing his ball. Stroking his cock I hear him say ANOTHER FIFTEEN MINUTES SWEETHEART. YOU JUST RELAX IN THE TUB I'LL COME...GET YOU. MORE WINE? AH, I FORGOT YOU TOOK THE BOTTLE. LOVE YOU TOO.
"As he told her his feelings I bit his right nut making him whimper BURNT MY TONGUE ON THE SAUCE. He listened to Mom while I swallowed his dick again, my fingers kneading at his ball sack. He stutters a bit to compensate THE COLBY'S WANT DIFFERENT BACKSPLASH IN THEIR KITCHEN? I THOUGHT THEY APPROVED THE BLACK AND WHITE CHECKER BOARD. THEY SHOULD REALLY MAKE UP...THEIR MIND.
"Releasing his beast from my mouth I jerked him off with both hands. The look in his eyes made me want to touch myself. Standing up I pull my shorts down and turn my back to him bending over. He guides his cock up into me and pulls my hair with his free hand. YESSSSSS FUCK ME DAVID. FUCCCCCCK MEEEE.
"The entire time he and Mom talked he rammed his cock into me. OMG! Mom could hear us breathing heavily or my shrill moans at any time. So thrilling. Hearing the sauce boiling over we carefully walk closer to the stove, not once did his dick slip out. YAY US! Turning the stove down he could peer out at Mom now. I remained low enough out of sight. He was on a mission telling Mom that he nearly burnt the sauce. I held a hand over my mouth trying to conceal my moans, I was getting loud. How Mom didn't hear me I'll never know.
"David was getting close to cumming I could feel him tensing up. NOOOO! WAIT FOR MEEEEE. Snarling loudly he tells Mom that he forgot to put the garlic bread in the oven. That was his excuse for his loud detonation up inside me. Continuing to fuck me knowing I was close he slapped my ass loudly. I yelped which my Mother heard and questioned. David told her he was throwing things around. Not far off as he yanked my head back again and faced me toward the kitchen window. My hands holding the sink for dear life I rolled my eyes back into my head. Squealing as I cum hard I hear David say WHAT THE FUCK? VIOLET'S MAKING STRANGE NOISES IN THE LIVING ROOM.
"LET ME CHECK ON HER AND FINISH DINNER. STAY PUT AND RELAX he told Mom, finally hanging up. Once the cell goes down on the counter he chuckles THAT WAS INTERESTING. I laughed as he pulled out of me and bent me further over to watch his cum ooze from my pussy. SO HOT. Pulling my shorts up I stepped out of Mom's sight before standing. Once I did I snuck back into the living room. David finished supper as if nothing happened. SMOOTH DAVID SMOOTH.
"I sat content for the next twenty minutes in the living room watching television. Lip Synch Battles entertained me until dinner was ready. As I laughed hysterically at the contestants in drag Mom decided to come inside. Wrapped only in her towel I realized that she had been tubbing in the nude. WHOA! What if David's sons had come home and caught her? Heck, I'm home tonight myself what if I'd stepped out to talk to her? Even more, what if our neighbors spotted her? Maybe I'm more like my mom than I thought. LOL! I'd have done that. Still might.
"David stepped from the kitchen and saw Mom wiping her feet on a rug in front of the French doors. He didn't seem shocked, maybe Mom does this kind of thing more often than I knew. Innnnteresting. I wasn't going to give her grief, even though if I had done that she'd have ripped me a new asshole. Ignoring her, I heard she and David kissing behind me. Nothing traumatizing mind you, but public affection in front of me seemed strange. What really bothered me was just how playful they sounded. She acted as if David was tickling her. I just couldn't look. Not even when I heard Mom plead DAVID I'M LOSING MY TOWEL. No way am I going to look at my Mom naked. I could tell Mom was really drunk, her words were slurred slightly, usually a sign that Mom was ready to pass out, drained by a combination of wine and muscle relaxers. Hearing Mom tell David that she was going upstairs to get dressed I felt relieved. I really hated seeing her sloppy drunk. Dinner was going to be ugly. LOL!
"Before Mom took off upstairs she chose to escape David's attentions and hover behind the couch looking over my shoulder. Slurred speech or not she informed me that we should all watch a horror movie. She knew darn well I wasn't into those hack and slash movies. Here's where she and I are polar opposites. She's into all those Jason's, Freddy's, and Chucky's. Me I'm more into comedy and action. Sometimes chick flicks. I caved though and looked On Demand just to satisfy her. Pointing out the new Annabelle movie she insisted we watch it. FINE! I'm not the only living doll in the house. LOL!
"I told her to go get dressed and she instead opted to stare at me and give me attitude. MAYBE I WANT TO STAY IN MY TOWEL she frowned. I shrugged and reached next to me on a stand to retrieve my toenail polish. I had planned on doing them anyway. Right off the bat Mom gave me grief over my color choice. I like yellow, she always wanted me to go with my namesake Violet. EWWW! Not into purple of any shade. Sorry bitch I'm leaving them yellow. Groaning at my defiance she headed back to the kitchen to pester David further. Poor guy.
"Sure enough Mom never made it upstairs. I think she remained in her towel just to make me feel uncomfortable. I'm good, it's your house. Again, I heard more giggling and laughter coming from the Chef's den. It became annoying after awhile. I almost felt like just going to my room and saying fuck it. Trouble is I'm starving and David's food was smelling awesome. Tolerate until after dinner I thought, then make my exit.
"So, there I sat in the living room fidgeting over their behavior. NO I WASN'T JEALOUS! LOL. Maybe a little. Lord knows why, David was good in bed, but I certainly didn't want more than the occasional playing around with him. It was fun now that I've grown into my own desires. I figure sooner or later David would put a stop to it anyway. Who am I kidding? I'm every old farts dream, a barely 18 nympho. My only hangup was that I preferred more than one man at a time. The gangbangs were spoiling me.
"Hearing my Mom stumble around in the dining room I looked over the couch back just to be certain she hadn't fallen. Sure enough her towel was over her shoulder and she was walking around nude. Ewww! Why am I staring at my mom's ass? STOP IT! I did turn away. Man I must sound horrible. She does have a nice body for her age. I hope I'm that sturdy when I get ancient.
"I finished my nails just before David said dinner was ready. With tissue between each toe I hopped up and walked on my heels to the dining room. Mom had at least rewrapped her towel so it wasn't so embarrassing. Seeing me she made certain to be stupid and stick her tongue out at me. Worse yet, being humorous in her own way she opened her towel and acted like a flasher. I offered a grossed out expression and told her DON'T I'LL LOSE MY APPETITE. She rolled her eyes and mooned David as he brought the pots to the dinner table. He acted like he was going to kick her in the ass teetering on one foot. Don't drop my spaghetti. LOL!
"Sauce on the table, he went after the noodles. I decided to join him and bring the rather dark garlic bread. Might skip the bread. LOL. While Mom was still in the dining room I whispered to David HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH MOM WHEN SHE GETS LIKE THAT? He told me that he just overlooked it. What I didn't expect him to say was STICK AROUND, AFTER YOUR MOM PASSES OUT ON THE SOFA BESIDE ME, YOU AND I CAN GET KINKY. Hmmmmm! Where did this come from? Was I that bold as to play around with my Mom right there? Ummmm! Okay. LOL! I'm game.
"Instantly my thoughts ran with the possibilities. Although Mom might not pass out. If she did I'm open to see what David had in mind. If she stayed awake during her movie probably not. Food might sober her up. I asked David WHAT IF SHE DOESN'T FALL OUT? He winked THEN WE GET SNEAKY. Whoa! Seriously? While she's right there? AWWWW HELL! That's risky for both of us. Maybe I needed some of Mom's wine to loosen up. LOL!
"David playfully bumped my shoulder and said "GO CHANGE INTO NOTHING BUT A T-SHIRT. I'LL MAKE YOUR PLATE. I laughed, MAYBE I SHOULD WEAR A TOWEL TOO. He puckered in thought and then shook his head SHIRT. After taking the bread to the table I headed upstairs. Mom called up to me halfway to the second floor asking WHERE YOU GOING? I looked back and said I WANNA GET MORE COMFORTABLE BEFORE THE MOVIE. THAT OKAY WITH YOU?
"Waving me away with a scowl Mom sat down and gave David hell over the nearly burnt bread. I heard him tell her THEN START COOKING MORE OFTEN YOU PAIN IN MY ASS. Whoaaa! You go David. LOL! She clammed up and poured another glass of chablis. I was worried they might get into a fight, so I hurried up ditching my toenail tissue and my clothes. What shirt to wear? Looking in my dresser I ran into a tanktop. Yellow even. LOL! Let's aggravate my Mom further. Putting it on I realized just how much cleavage the tank expressed now that my boobs had gotten bigger. Not only that but my nipples were really perky tonight. With no underwear on the tank was not hiding much down below. The hem barely covered my ass. Bending over might mean HELLOOOO!
"Gritting my teeth I took a deep breath and left my room. Hurrying downstairs I saw Mom and David looking up at me. My boobs were dancing wild so David admired them while Mom just frowned. Hiding my thighs was not easy. I'm almost certain Mom had to have seen me on the way down. Of course I did move pretty fast. I guess we'll find out if she starts yelling. As soon as I hit ground level I shuffled to my seat at the table, and placed a napkin over my lap just in case Mom chose to look. Seated, my hem shot way up, no hiding my pussy unless I used the napkin or my hands. I felt really wet knowing the risk. This might end up a threeway brawl. LOL! I love threesomes. Cheesy grin until I realized I was talking about Mom. OH HELL NO! LOL!
"David offered me some wine holding the bottle up, I decided water was my best option. Mom needs that wine more than me. LOL! The more she drinks the more sleepy she might get. David at the head of the table extended hands to both Mom and I and we said grace before eating. The second hands were let go I added parmasan cheese to my spaghetti and chowed down. SO GOOD. Mom ate but she got really quiet. I decided I better see if I could find out if it was because of me.
"EVERYTHING OKAY MOM? I asked while chewing. She looked over at me and nodded by answering with I'M FINE. David opted into the conversation with YOUR MOM'S JUST TIRED. SHE TOOK SOME MUSCLE RELAXERS. Mom stared at David with an almost lost expression. OH BOY! Does she suspect something? I mean I am only wearing a tank top. Maybe she thinks I'm trying to tease David. Well duh! Of course I am. LOL! I do feel a little bad that it's almost becoming a competition for affections. Yet, I don't want to stop. Nope not gonna.
"YELLOW AGAIN? Mom finally broke. I looked down at my cleavage and pinched the tank out a bit. I LIKE YELLOW. I'M SORRY YOU DON'T, BUT IT'S MY LIFE. Defending me David added I THINK YOU LOOK NICE IN YELLOW. Mom merely sipped her wine and rolled her eyes. WHAT'S SO WRONG WITH YELLOW? he asked Mom. She shrugged NOTHING I SUPPOSE. HER HAIR COLOR DOESN'T GO WITH YELLOW IS ALL. I pondered her answer, maybe she had a point. I decided to agree with her MAYBE I SHOULD DYE MY HAIR. WOULD YOU HELP ME IF I BUY A KIT?
"Mom smiled finally, OF COURSE. WE HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING TOGETHER IN AWHILE. MAYBE I'LL DYE MINE TOO. SHOULD WE GO BRUNETTE? RED? I hadn't thought about it before now. Suddenly I changed my mind I THINK I STILL LIKE MY PLATINUM BLOND. MAYBE IN A COUPLE WEEKS I'LL CHANGE MY MIND. Scowling Mom lost interest. So did I frankly.
"As dinner finished up David encouraged us to retire to the living room, LET'S WATCH THAT MOVIE. I'LL PUT THE FOOD AWAY LATER. Hopping up David moved behind Mom and helped pull her chair out. Standing up she nearly lost her towel again and laughed about it. Walking hand in hand to the sofa David sat Mom down on the left side of the sofa. I was almost hesitant to join her knowing how hard it was keeping my shirt down. David handed Mom the remote to keep her busy saying it was his turn to go get comfortable. Leaving me alone with Mom I noticed our big fuzzy blanket on the loveseat. I asked Mom if she was cold and she said yes. Easing my way behind the loveseat to grab the blanket I used it to disguise me. Smart huh?
"My only issue was I didn't wanna sit close to Mom so I just covered her and took my risk sitting to the far right leaving space for David in the middle between us. With Mom struggling with the remote I swiped it from her hand and told her LET SOMEONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO WORK IT TRY. She hated me for thirty seconds until I found Annabelle again On Demand. Starting it we watched the early credits until David returned. He came down without a shirt and only loose fitting shorts gym shorts. On any other older guy I'd have called EWWW! Not David though. I was already salivating. LOL! Mom took her turn whistling at him this time. All I thought was how easy those shorts were gonna be to navigate. LOL!
"LIGHTS OUT LADIES IT'S SPOOKY TIME. David made a ghost like moan just to be cute, his hands expressing devilish flutters. Yeah I know it was pretty stupid. LOL! Mom feigned a shiver, I just shook my head. After David killed the lights Mom lifted the blanket and offered him entry beneath it. I sat on the sidelines looking pretty. Let them have their fun, at their age they needed it. As the old folks got comfy in each others arms I lifted the TV remote and started the movie. I knew I was gonna hide my eyes one way or another.
"As we sat there watching the movie I kept looking over to see how Mom was doing. She was wide awake and kissing on David. Leaning forward out of boredom I saw something that made me uneasy. At Mom's feet was her towel. That bitch was naked and by the look of David was doing something under that fucking blanket. WITHOUT ME? CUNT!! LOL! I wanted to play with David. Eying the blanket over David's lap it was easy to see Mom was stroking his cock. That bitch better save some for me. Wait a minute! David's shorts are at his feet too. When did he take those off? Man I must be really blind tonight. Why are we not watching this stupid horror flick? Of course picturing Mom and David sent shivers down my spine too. OH THE HORROR. LOL!
"As David looked my way winking he asked COLD VIOLET? Whoa! Was he inviting me under the blanket with them? Mom would claw out my eyes if I made that move. I told him I was okay but I was getting scared. He motioned me under his arm so I did take up that offer. Once under his pit he massaged my shoulder and arm. Mom just kept on kissing his neck and shoulder. While she was busy I went ahead and lifted the blanket some just to see David's nude hip. FUCK IT! I REALLY AM COLD. LOL! I'm going under better or worse. David seemed happy I did.
"I shivered more from the expectation of Mom screaming WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING? more than from being cold. I know how risky this is but darn it I wanted to have some fun too. Maybe we're all being possessed by Annabelle. LOL! I tried my best to act normal and watch this damned movie but the more Mom pursued David the more I grew curious. What was David trying to achieve here? I'm NOT having any threesome with them even if Mom shocked me by asking. Confused or not I let my hand wander a bit hidden under the blanket. Rubbing David's upper thigh I really wanted to grab his dick, but I found Mom hogging it. Luckily she thought my hand was David's. Boooooorrrriiinggggg!
"As I fidgeted deciding if I should just leave these two lovebirds alone and head upstairs I felt David's right hand relocate to my thighs. Now this got interesting. LOL! Prying my legs wider I lifted my tank clear up to my waist and let David rub my coochie. OMG! I'm being fingered right in front of my Mom. I...don't know how I feel about this? LOL! It's scarier than this stupid ass movie.
"SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! Three fingers up in me. Trying to look calm was difficult. I could see Mom's hand stroking David's cock, the blanket was rising and falling. David is certainly taking a huge chance here. Personally, I think Mom is so wasted that she's forgotten I'm even here. Probably a good thing. Easing forward slightly I noticed David's left hand must have been fingering Mom too. Ohhh fuck. The Calloway girls were being seduced by Big Daddy David. Mom was lingering a bit in kissing David now, I could see her jaw dropping at his fingering her. Moans were mounting I can tell. I might not be far behind. LOL! That was so not gonna go over well. Dammit David! My eyes flared at him with intensity.
"While Mom rolled her eyes back David took that blind moment to lean closer to me and whisper GET THAT SHIRT OFF. Whoaaa! That would leave me vulnerable if Mom yanked the blanket away. I don't know David. SURE I DO! The lure of getting caught only made me want to do it. Carefully I pulled my arms inside my tank and wormed my way out of the yellow coccoon. Showing David from the side he grinned with a thankful wink.
"Mom was holding her breath as David stormed her cunt. With a shrill squeal I grew grossed out. Mom had just cum on David's fingers. EWWWWW! As his attention turned on me with adrenalin he finger fucked me harder. I was so turned on by this stunt I couldn't contain my own juices. Both hands over my mouth I managed to muffle my moans until he brought me to climax. Letting out a shriek I covered my face in the blanket. Playing it off as Mom leered my way I said WHY DO YOU MAKE ME WATCH SCARY MOVIES? She bought it. LOL!
"Minutes later David removed his fingers from me and did the most unexpected thing yet. He lifted his hand out from under our shared blanket and brought it to Mom's lips. Smiling at him she let him place his fingers in her mouth. She thought she tasted great sighing at the flavor. WAIT! HOLY CRAP DAVID! That was the hand he used on me. OOOOOOMMMMMGGGG! Mom just sampled my cum. SO WRONG! SO FUCKING WRONG! Don't you even try putting your other hand in my mouth Mister. I'll vomit. Still kinda funny though. LOL! NOT! Yeah a little.
"Once Mom released David's fingers she cooed and snuggled up under his armpit. I wasn't even there in her drunken ecstasy. She went so far as to begin rubbing David's chest hair, the blanket dropping from his upper body and hers. David merely cuddled up his head tilted on to hers. She closed her eyes smiling with content. As she did David reached over and grabbed my hand drawing it over his cock. Gripping his girth I began jerking him off slowly so as not to disturb their bit of romantic ambiance. I had a hard time keeping the blanket up on my shoulders, if Mom just happened to look she might see bare shoulders and cleavage. I gave up worrying for the most part. I'm pretty sure Mom was ready to nap. YAY ME! Time for fun.
"Feeling brave I ducked under the blanket and gave David head. Slow and easy while he kept Mom's attention with loving on her. In an even bolder move David tugged the blanket from his lap to watch me sucking his dick. I bulged my eyes looking up over my brow to see Mom literally sleeping on David's chest. All she would have had to do was open her eyes and see me with my mouth full. HOLY FUCK! this was intense. David went so far as to plant his free hand on top of my head and force me down over his cock. I gagged as quietly as I could under pressure.
"I LOVE YOU DAVID. I heard my Mom murmur in her drunken relaxation. Lifting Mom's chin David kissed her, their lips molding into a steamy liplock. I winced at the fact this was indeed turning into a threesome. How could Mom not catch us at some point here? It was taking David every bit of overpowering romance to keep Mom awake. LET HER SLEEP DAMMIT! LOL! Not yet, David was stoked, he wanted to feel totally in control of his environment. Letting my scalp go I continued sucking him off and licking his balls. While I was smothered in scrotum David chose to plant Mom's hand back over his cock. CRAP! Her hand was stroking him right above my brow. If she went lower she would be touching my cheek. I wish I had sense enough to stop, but something inside me wanted to please David. Risk or not I was going to keep playing along.
"David discovered my tanktop behind my ass and pulled it free. I watched that crazy bastard toss it behind the couch. GRRRR! All I had left to mask myself was the big fuzzy blanket and David was revealing my body more and more. He wanted all three of us nude without that blanket in the way. Mom looked so lost in his clutches, her meds and wine finally taking their toll on her comprehension. Those were all that was saving me. As she fell limp in his kisses he guided her back to stretch out better. Using the blanket he tucks her in and hides her face a bit. Once satisfied David gripped me by my hair and pulled me up into his lap. OMG! David wanted me to ride him. I can do that. LOL!
"Straddling him carefully so as not to disturb Mom I sat on his dick and felt him penetrate me. All I could do was watch Mom and grind slowly. David wouldn't have that. He grabbed the back of my neck and forced me to make out with him. My attention lost toward Mom I was just going to have to accept it if she woke up and saw us. I melted into his kisses just as Mom had earlier. His hands moving to grip my ass I rode him harder. Moans escaped me but I maintained my breath so that they were shallow.
"DAVID? We heard Mom murmur and froze. David patting the blanket lightly whispered YES SWEETHEART? In her sealed half sleepy eyes she barely adds WHERE IS VIOLET? My eyes bulged and I tried to climb off but David held me firm. I wanted to cry. In response David told her SHE GOT SCARED AND WENT TO BED. YOU REST I'M RIGHT HERE. She sighed FOR A MINUTE. She was out cold satisfied by his answer.
"Begging David with my gaze to let me off he shook his head no. Instead he eased us away and he carried me two feet forward to lay me on the coffee table. Sturdy as a rock the table held our weight. He snatched up my ankles and ripped my legs wide as he fucked me, the entire time I whimpered and stared at Mom, her face aimed right at us. So not happy right this second. David could destroy our happy home here and now. I liked my home dammit.
"He and I were so close to climax I was shaking, and he was breathing hard. Thankfully Mom rolled over facing the other way for a few minutes. That gave us time to battle our sensations. So close my toes curled. David resisted cumming and pulled out of me just as Mom in her restless stupor faced back toward us. In a bold game of chance David yanked me to my feet, guiding me to kneel right next to Mom's head he stood over me jerking off. He intended to cum on my face mere inches from Mom's head. CRAP! HURRY IT UP DAVID.
"Groaning loudly he nuts all over my mouth and upper lip. In awe of his behavior he stepped sideways and finished by nutting on Mom's right cheek and ear. OMG! He came on both of us. YOU GO DAVID. LOL! Feeling wetness Mom flinched a bit, stirring at the disturbance of it. I quickly ducked to the side of the couch out of sight as her eyes opened. Seeing David over her she sighed DID YOU JUST JACK OFF OVER ME? She mumbled softly. He answered with I DID. I COULDN'T RESIST YOU SLEEPING BEAUTY. Mom sighed even louder and her reply was LET ME KISS HIM GOODNIGHT. David in turn lowered his hips over her face and Mom just sucked the remaining droplets out of him. Too hot! WAIT! She's sucking his dick AFTER I just fucked him. OMG! Mom is tasting me again. LOL!
"I really should have made my escape, but this was just too weird in a good way. David pulled the blanket off of Mom and opted to drag her on to her back. Laying over her he fucked Mom right in front of me. EWWWWW! Mom began moaning loudly and revived just enough to acknowledge David's lust. Lifting her legs he smothered her under his chest blinding her. I grinned evilly and hopped to my knees and palmed David's face and let him suck my nipple. TOO MUCH FUN! As Mom had a hesitant orgasm I backed away watching as David detonated into my Mom. Mom instantly passed out.
"Pulling out of Mom David stood up walking to the side of the couch and forced me to my knees. In my hormonal jumpstart I sucked his cock without a thought. As I hit that pecker hard it occured to me. FUCK! HE JUST FUCKED MOM. NOW I'M TASTING HER. DAMMIT! I went with it. LOL! Not as nasty as I had thought so vomitting wasn't in the cards tonight. Still this just did not settle well.
"After five minutes of feeding David grabbed my hair and again drug me to my feet. Moving us behind the couch he took me from behind while I rested my elbows on the sofa back. OH LOOK ANNABELLE IS OVER. CREDITS ROLLING. LOL! Fuck David knows how to hit my G-spot. I looked down at my Mom in all of her sprawled out nudity and realized just how nice her body was. I hope when I reach Mommy Mummy I look that good. WHAT THE FUCK AM I THINKING? LOL! I'm admiring Mom. My life is so screwed up.
"Holding in my moans made me bury my face in the sofa cushion. How Mom couldn't feel y weight against the sofa I'll never know. I mean I'm only 110 pounds so I guess that helped. David snatched my hair up and yanked my head backwards. I had to lift away from the couch because he was hitting my pussy too hard and my weight was jarring the sofa even harder. I didn't want Mom to revive again. Under stress David reaches his free hand around my face and plants fingers in my mouth like hooks. So hot! Until I realized that was the hand he fingered Mom with. DAMMIT! TWICE I'VE TASTED MOM. I'm never going to get over the trauma. LOL! You know I will. Still wrong.
"As I moaned louder David removed his fingers and cupped my mouth to prevent my being too noisy. Cumming on his cock I had a spasm that led him to guide me to the floor to shake it off. As I did I heard Mom stirring on the sofa. David abandoned me there to go and act as if he was putting our dinner leftovers away. I watched him as he looked my way, no higher just in case. Mom had sat up and was leaning groggily on the back of the couch while I was down below. Panic was setting in.
"DAVID? She called out. LET'S GO TO BED. He told her IN A MINUTE. He wanted to put the food away. Mom's weight left the couch and I wasn't sure which way she was going. I found my tanktop and swiftly put it on just in case. How I would explain being down here I don't know. I watched David for a sign of which direction she was stumbling. Finally, He nods for me to go left so I crawled around the opposite side while she made her way toward David. I cringed watching them as she hugged him nude on nude at the table. In a brash move David gripped Mom by her ass cheeks, EWWW I saw anus, and sat her on the dining table. Nudging her back he sat down at the head of the table and spread her legs. Diving in he ate Mom out as she lay back squeezing her breasts and moaning her love for him.
"I should have ran right then, I could have gotten away. No, stupid me saw David's cock under the table and it called out to me. Greedy I crawled on all fours and went beneath the table and swallowed his cock. I just could not get it into my head to leave well enough alone. He fed, I fed. Mom above me screaming suddenly as she came hard. Me below squeezing his balls for increased effort to make him cum again in my throat. Snarling made me successful. David filled my mouth and fell back into his chair. While I knelt low looking up Mom moved and dropped into David's lap. She fumbled about trying to reach his cock so I snickered and guided him into her possession, going so far as to line his crown up to her trickling hole. WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING? LOL!
"Enough I told myself and made myself scarce. I was going to need therapy after tonight. Let the old farts wear each other out. I'm going upstairs to text my millions of boytoys and plan my next adventure. While tonight was fun I needed more guys. I'm too spoiled by them already. Luckily, their back was too my escape route and I crept upstairs. In my room I lost that tanktop and began making my rounds of sending Troy and Brad my daily nude. That same nude I mass texted to 50 other horny bastards. I don't even bother reading replies. They're all the same. FUCK ME VIOLET. TOO SEXY VIOLET. MARRY ME VIOLET. LOL!
"Hearing Mom scream one last time I sat there proud of her. Who knew Mom could go more than once, even drunk. Tonight did make me think though. That was too close. David used me and Mom. Where was this all headed? Me? I'm headed to seduce Mister Sandman, I'm bushed. See you readers the next time I relate what kind of trouble I've gotten into. Miss me, Muah! You know you want to fuck me. LOL!
"Invite some friends...