Authors Notes:This isn't like other stories I have written and will move at a slower pace.
I would like to thank Goof, my editor-in-chief for the editing done on this story. I couldn't have done it without your help!
A week had passed, and, other than the normal text messages, Linda and Beth hadn't spoken about the theater.
"What are you doing today?"Beth asked.
"Nothing, really. Just another boring day. Why?"Linda responded.
"Great! I have a reservation for an early afternoon lunch at the same place as last time. Do you want to go?"
"Sounds like fun," Linda sent back, looking around the empty house. Bret wouldn't be home for hours, and getting out of this place for a while sounded like a heavenly idea. Her daydream was cut short by a ding from her phone.
"Why don't you wear that costume you had on for Halloween?"
"I can't wear that out to a restaurant!"Linda snapped back a text.
Bret had talked Linda into wearing a sleazy wife costume consisting of a short black skirt, a white belly shirt, a red shelf bra, a red suspender belt with black stockings, a black thong, and high heels. She had felt self-conscious the entire time she wore the outfit at Beth's Halloween party.
Everyone kept staring at her, and some men and a few women had made inappropriate comments.
"Sure you can. Come on, I will wear mine. It will be a blast! Just think about that waiter who kept sneaking glances at you. He will trip over his tongue seeing you in that outfit."Beth egged her on, adding the exploding mind emoji.
Linda thought about it. Beth's costume was just as revealing, and if she wore it, then maybe it would be ok. After all, it was lunch in the middle of the day. What could happen?
"Fine,"Linda said before she could back out.
"See you at 2 pm," Beth said.
Linda shook her head, wondering if she would be able to wear the outfit. As usual, when thoughts like wearing or doing something that went against her upbringing surfaced, she thought of her mother.
Mom would be furious, Linda thought as a smile spread across her face.
Linda finished what she had been working on and went to get ready.
"Going out with Beth for a late lunch. No Idea when I will be back. Love Me."Linda sent a text to Bret. She knew he was in meetings and wouldn't get this until later.
Bret could fend for himself if he gets back before I do, Linda thought as she walked into the master bath to get ready.
She stripped and looked in the mirror, her medium-sized, teardrop-shaped breasts seeming large on her small frame.
"Need to shave," Linda commented, noticing stubble on her legs and more hair around her pubic mound than should be there if she was wearing a thong.
A few minutes later, she was in the final stages of cleaning up the hair above her pubic mound when a wicked idea popped into her head. With a giggle, she carefully removed the remaining hair until what was left looked like an arrow pointing to her pussy.
"That will drive Bret nuts," Linda said as she washed the soap off and dressed in the slutty wife costume.
"Now I remember why I hate this outfit," she muttered as the shelf bra forced her breasts up and made them even larger than they were, stretching the material of the shirt and leaving very little to the imagination.
You can see my nipple and areolas, Linda thought. She went to her closet and found a blazer that matched the skirt and would let her hide the see-through shirt.
The rest of the outfit barely covered her ass and crotch, and the red suspender tabs attached to the stockings were visible no matter what she did.
Finally, she gave up and grabbed her purse. Thankfully, her car was in the garage. She didn't want to deal with her next-door neighbor, Jed. The guy creeped her out as it was, staring at her every time she was outside. She would hate to imagine him seeing her in an outfit like this.
Thanks to the dark-tinted windows, the drive to the restaurant was uneventful. Parking the car in the lot, Linda fought the skirt to keep it down enough to cover her ass while she walked inside.
"Can I help you?" The woman at the counter asked, frowning at Linda's outfit.
"I'm meeting a friend," Linda said, blushing.
"I'm afraid we're not that kind of restaurant," the hostess said, looking at Linda's clothes.
"What?" Linda asked, confused until it dawned on her.
It was the outfit. "No. It's not that kind of friend. She dared me to wear my Halloween costume. She said she would wear hers..."
Linda trailed off as a laughing Beth walked up wearing a pair of slacks and a top.
"Got you," Beth cheered, putting her arm through Linda's and pulling her after her into the restaurant.
Linda let herself be guided to the table, quietly stewing over the trick that Beth had played on her.
"I can't believe you did this to me," Linda snapped at Beth after they were seated in a booth across from each other.
Beth was still chuckling, tears running down her cheeks.
"You should have seen your face when I walked up," Beth chuckled, wiping the tears on her napkin.
"I look ridiculous in this outfit," Linda snapped, still very angry with Beth.
"Oh, come on, you look fucking hot and you know it. Hell, half the restaurant was following you as you walked over and sat down. You can't honestly tell me that the attention doesn't make you feel good."
Linda wasn't going to concede anything to Beth right now.
"Why didn't you wear your costume like you said you would?" Linda demanded, pushing the menu that Beth handed her away.
"I didn't think you would wear yours and didn't want to be the only one dressed like a slut at the restaurant," Beth commented.
"So it's ok that I'm the only one dressed like a slut here?" Linda fumed.
"Look, let's drop the angry Linda act. It's done. You can either leave and go back home or stick around and find out what I want to talk to you about. If you stay, no more being pissed at me. Okay?"
Linda thought about just leaving. They had been friends for a long time, and Linda knew deep down that Beth didn't mean to hurt her or piss her off. She just thought it would be funny and didn't think about how Linda would feel about it.
"You're a fucking bitch," Linda said, but she picked up the menu and started to look for something to eat.
"Guilty," Beth admitted, smiling. She knew that Linda would forgive her. She always did.
Beth noticed that the waiter was approaching. The same guy had flirted with Linda the last time they were there.
"Lover boy is coming this way," Beth hinted, pointing with her eyes.
"Stop," Linda dismissed, not wanting Beth to get started on that again.
"Hey, take off the blazer."
"No," Linda refused strongly, uncomfortable at how much would be on display if she did.
"Come on. You have clothes on, for fuck sake. Just tease the boy a little," Beth made a sad puppy face at Linda.
"God, you're impossible," Linda relented, but she removed the blazer and laid it next to her in the booth.
"Can I get you, ladies, something to drink?" the waiter asked, his eyes going from Beth to Linda, where they stuck on her barely covered breasts.
"Bring us a bottle of the house white wine," Beth answered for both of them.
The waiter glanced at Beth before looking at Linda's shirt and clearing his throat. "Excellent choice. I'll be right back."
"I bet he will," Beth giggled to Linda as the server hurried off, trying to adjust his growing erection without being too obvious.
The wine arrived, and the two women drank most of the bottle, with Beth making sure Linda got more than she did before their meal was served.
Beth looked at Linda over the rim of her wine glass as the meal wound down.
"I got a message from Hank today," Beth introduced, running her finger along the rim of the glass.
"Hank?" Linda asked. She didn't know anyone by that name.
Beth looked around before leaning forward.
Linda leaned in as well.
"Yeah, the black guy that fucked me in the ass at the theater the last time I went," Beth whispered.
Linda felt her eyes get bigger as she remembered the story Beth had told her the last time.
"He wants me to go to the theater today. He even sent a picture to remind me of his cock."
Beth held up her phone and showed the picture to Linda.
"Oh my God," Linda muttered, her hand covering her mouth as she looked at the largest cock she had ever seen.
"Look at the next picture," Beth said, watching Linda closely.
Linda swiped, and the next picture was even more graphic. It showed Hank's cock half buried inside a white woman's ass. Looking at the woman's face, Linda realized it was Beth!
Linda looked up at Beth in shock.
"Yeah, he took that when he fucked me last time," Beth commented.
Remembering the story, Linda looked more closely and saw other men around Beth with their cocks out, and it looked like Beth might have been covered in sperm.
"Was this from the time you told me about?" Linda asked, starting to hand the phone back to Beth.
"Yes. There are more pictures," Beth admitted, not taking the phone from her friend.
Linda swiped again.
The next photo had Beth on her knees, sucking some other cock. Each photo had Beth in a different position with a different man, either getting fucked or sucking a cock. The last photo showed Beth kneeling with cum covering her face and leaking out of her pussy, running down her leg to a puddle below her on the floor.
"It was real," Linda muttered, unable to take her eyes off the photos. She had half thought Beth had embellished the entire thing.
"Yep. I have a link to a video that was shot if you want to watch it," Beth offered, watching Linda closely. The alcohol was working to lower her inhibitions. An hour ago, Linda would have pushed the phone back at the first picture, wanting nothing to do with it. Now, she was flushed, and Linda's right hand had dropped below the table as she moved between the pictures. Even more telling, Linda's nipples were rock hard and very visible through the shirt.
Linda seemed out of breath as she handed the phone back to Beth. Beth captured Linda's right hand and sniffed her fingers.
The little slut was rubbing herself, Beth thought as she let Linda's hand go.
Beth had an idea to see how far Linda would go. "Hand me your panties," Beth commanded, extending her hand across the table.
"What?" Linda asked, sure she had heard her friend wrong.
"Come on, fork over," Beth insisted.
"I can't do that," Linda declined, looking around.
"No one is looking. Besides, it'll make it easier to play with yourself," Beth said with a wink.
"I. I mean. Why would you," Linda was having trouble getting an argument together.
"I know what pussy juice smells like, Linda. Your hand reeks of it. Admit it. You got excited at the pictures and were playing with yourself. Come on, it's just us. You got turned on by looking at pictures of me getting used."
Linda felt flushed. Beth had caught her and was now trying to get her to confess her feelings.
"Just admit it, Linda. No reason to feel ashamed," Beth assured her friend.
Beth motioned the waiter over.
"Yes, Madam?"
"Can we have another bottle of wine?"
"Oh, no. One was more than enough," Linda insisted. She rarely drank; when she did, it wasn't more than half a glass.
"Don't listen to her. Trust me, you want her to have some more," Beth told him with a wink.
Linda missed the exchange as she picked up her half-full glass to show them both. "See, plenty of wine left," she said, taking another drink.
The waiter returned with another bottle of wine, pouring Linda a full glass despite her protests.
Turning to Beth, he went to pour her one, but she covered her glass with her hand. "Sadly, I have to drive tonight."
After the waiter left, Beth leaned over the table. "Now, give me your panties," she demanded.
Linda looked around and started to get up to use the restroom.
"No, silly. Just take them off right here."
"I can't do that! Someone might see," Linda protested.
"Just raise up a little and slide them off," Beth advised.
Linda looked around. Seeing that no one was paying attention, she raised up and slid her panties off her ass and away from her body. She had to unclip the suspenders to take them down, but in no time, she had the panties wadded into a ball in her hands.
"Here," Linda said, blushing as she handed them to Beth.
Beth took them and, to Linda's horror, held them to her face and breathed in the aroma.
"You smell delicious, dear," Beth smiled, giggling at Linda's expression.
"I can't believe you did that," Linda shook her head, her face beat red.
"I can't believe how wet you are," Beth said.
Linda drank her entire glass in one go, not wanting to say anything to Beth.
"Oh, grow up," Beth chastised playfully when Linda refused to look at her.
"I can't. What you did was. Fuck, I don't even know what to say to you right now," Linda dejected, mad at herself for how turned on she was and how flustered she was at her inhibitions.
"Well, I have a favor to ask you, and I hope you won't be mad at me," Beth said, looking embarrassed.
Linda felt hurt and mad, but seeing Beth's face, she caved and asked, "What?"
"Remember how last time I told you what happened at the theater, and you told me not to return on my own?" Linda nodded, the images of the night still fresh in her mind.
"Well, Hank wants me at the theater tonight for a repeat of last time. I still haven't told Tim, and I don't know if I want him to know about it yet. Since you made me promise not to go alone, I was wondering if you would go with me?" Beth asked, blushing and looking ashamed.
It took a second for the question to filter through Linda's alcohol-addled mind. When it did, her eyes got big.
"You want me to go to that place with you so you can hook up with some guys dressed like this?"
"What's wrong with the way you are dressed?" Beth asked innocently.
"I look like a fucking wet dream!" Linda stated indignantly.
Beth chuckled at the expression on Linda's face, which caused Linda to start laughing.
"What about Bret?"
"What about him?" Beth asked, digging in her purse.
"I only told him I was going to a late lunch with you," Linda noted, picking up her phone.
"The boys are going out for a guy's night," Beth said, pulling out her wallet.
"You know I won't be able to drive home," Linda declared, looking at Beth.
"Don't worry, the boys will stop by and pick up your car," Beth assured her.
Linda still looked uncertain, but Beth's pleading look made her agree.
"That is the only reason I am agreeing to go with you."
"I know, it's a tremendous sacrifice you are making for me," Beth said, signaling the waiter.
"Just so we both are on the same page," Linda informed her, finishing her wine.
"Yes?" the waiter asked, his eyes on Linda.
"We would like the check, please," Beth said with a smile.
He tore his eyes off Linda and looked at Beth. "I'll be right back," the waiter said, taking a last look at Linda.
As he walked away, Beth looked at Linda.
"Why don't you go freshen up while I pay for lunch?"
"I can pay for my part," Linda countered, reaching for her purse.
"Don't worry about it. It's the least I can do for you to chaperone me tonight," Beth said with a smirk.
Linda blushed again. "Thanks for lunch," she said, scooting out of the booth. As she stood, Linda dropped her napkin. Without any thought to what she was wearing, she bent over and picked it up, flashing her bare ass at Beth, who snapped a picture of the view on her phone.
Unaware she had flashed anyone, Linda walked away to the restroom as the waiter returned with the check.
Seeing his attention on Linda's barely covered ass, "She is very pretty, isn't she?" Beth commented.
"Uhh, yeah," the waiter responded, unsure if he was in trouble with her friend or not.
Beth smiled at him. "Too bad you weren't here a few seconds sooner," she said as Linda turned the corner.
"Why's that?" the waiter asked, his attention on Beth since Linda was out of sight.
"You would have seen this," Beth said, showing him the picture of Linda's bare ass.
"Shit!" the waiter said before catching himself.
Beth let him absorb the picture while counting out the money to pay the bill.
She put the money on the tray and set Linda's panties on top, along with a card for the theater.
"I don't know when you get off work, but she will be here for the next few hours. No promises that she will do anything..." Beth shared, handing him the tray.
The waiter looked around before stuffing the panties and card into his pocket.
"Thanks," he smiled as Linda came back from the restroom.
"Well, we must be going," Beth said as she stood and looped her arm around Linda's.
The waiter watched as the two women walked out of the restaurant. Shortly after cashing out the table, the waiter went to his manager.
"Hey, Sammie," the waiter said as he sat down across from his boss.
"Hey, Kyle. What's up?" Sammie asked, looking up from the paperwork he was working on.
"Would it be ok if I took a few hours off today?" Kyle asked.
"Maybe, what time?" Sammie glanced at the clock.
"Now."
"You can't be serious. It's the middle of the lunch rush," Sammie snapped, annoyed.
Kyle's face fell.
"Look. If it slows down in a couple of hours, maybe. Right now, we are already short-staffed."
"Ok, thanks anyways," a dejected Kyle said, returning to work.
*********************************************************************************************************
"Hey, want to grab some beers? Linda is going out with Beth, so we might as well have fun, too," Tim said when Bret answered his phone.
"Sure. What time?" Bret replied. He was glad to leave the house and spend time with someone other than his wife. Not that he didn't like spending time with her. It was just that they had different ideas of hobbies and pastimes, and it was nice to spend time with someone who shared what he liked.
They met at a local sports bar, ironically not too far from the theater that Bret had tried to take his wife to in the past.
Like the little stuck-up bitch would ever go in there, Bret thought, annoyed that his wife was such a prude sometimes.
"So, how have things been?" Tim asked after they ordered a couple of beers.
"Pretty normal. Yourself?" Bret asked in return.
"It's been a long week," Tim answered.
"Hey, did you see that call," Bret asked, referring to a football game that had taken place last night.
"Fucking blind refs," Tim answered.
They spent the next half hour discussing the game over lunch and several beers. As the conversation died down, Tim's phone buzzed with a message from Beth.
"Linda just got here,"with an attachment of the photo of Linda standing at the hostess stand wearing the slutty wife costume from Halloween.
Fuck I love that costume, Tim thought, loving the stockings that hugged Linda's legs and the belly shirt that left almost nothing to the imagination.
I guess it's time to see if Bret is still interested in his wife being used by strangers in the theater, Tim thought.
Tim took a long drink from his beer, signaling the waitress for another one.
"Hey, you remember me telling you about taking Beth to that adult theater?"
Bret remembered he had jacked off a couple of times, imagining Beth getting fucked by some strange guy.
"Yeah. Have you guys gone back?" Bret asked, hoping that the answer was yes.
"Well, yes and no," Tim answered.
He stopped talking because the waitress had returned with the beers. After she left, Tim picked up his phone.
"What does that mean?" Bret questioned. Had Tim gone back by himself?
"Beth and I have gone back a few times."
Tim took a drink of his beer. "A couple of days after we went the last time, Beth returned alone while I was at work."
"Really?" Bret asked, drinking his beer while trying to align his view of Beth with the woman Tim described.
"Yeah. I think she wanted to see how the guys would treat her if she were alone."
"Oh my God! How did you find out?"
"She was at home, dressed in the clothes she had worn to the theater, reeking of sex, and told me that we needed to talk. She told me everything, crying the entire time. Beth said when she finally decided to go, she was blaming me because I kind of let the other men touch her, so I must be okay with it. Afterward, she felt horrible and said if I wanted a divorce, she wouldn't contest it."
Bret sat there stunned. Tim and Beth had the strongest marriage of anyone he knew. Yeah, they occasionally fought, but nothing serious.
"So, what did you guys decide to do?" Bret asked, almost afraid of the answer.
"I was stunned that she thought so little of me that divorce was the only solution to this. We had a long conversation and decided that some outside interactions were ok as long as it didn't come between us."
Bret tried to imagine Beth getting fucked by a bunch of strangers, but every time he did, the woman kept changing to Linda. He shook his head to clear it.
"So you are ok with it?" Bret wondered, drinking the last of his beer.
"OK? I fucked the shit out of the little slut! I have been trying for years for her to fuck someone else and let me watch."
"Yeah, but she kind of snuck around and did it behind your back instead of letting you watch," Bret pointed out.
"You're right, and that pissed me off initially," Tim finished his beer and thanked the waitress for the refills she dropped off.
"I'm not going to lie. There was a lot of yelling that happened after she told me, and I said some things that really hurt her. That may have been where the talk of the divorce came from," Tim paused, lost in thought, as he took another drink.
Bret just waited, not wanting to say something that might end Tim's tale.
"I told her that I wasn't so upset that she had gone to the theater but hadn't talked to me first. That seemed to change things for her. She apologized and told me that she knew it wasn't the same as being there, but it might be close. I had no idea what the fuck she was talking about until Beth gave me her phone."
"She had at least a hundred pictures of her, all from different cameras. From the time she sat down to the time she left covered in cum. Hell, there even was a video of her getting fucked in the ass by this massive black guy," Tim took another drink, looking at Bret to gauge how he was handling the story.
Bret was shocked at Beth's behavior and Tim's acceptance of it.
Tim has to be fucking with me, Bret thought, shaking his head and smiling at Tim. Tim liked practical jokes, and this would be a great one.
"Fuck, you almost got me," Bret laughed, taking another swig of his beer.
"What, you don't believe me?" Tim looked surprised, but he guessed if Bret had said the same thing to him, he would also be skeptical.
"Come on, Tim. There is no way Beth would do any of that," Bret countered, laughing.
Tim unlocked his phone and opened his image gallery. After finding the first picture in the series, he handed the phone to Bret.
"See for yourself."
Bret half glanced at the phone, then did a double take.
The picture showed Beth sitting in a theater with a guy on either side. Her skirt was pushed up around her waist, and they had their hands in her pussy while she was jerking them off.
"Shit," Bret muttered. In the next picture, Beth's breasts were exposed, and more men were involved. Each picture was more graphic, and it wasn't long until Beth was sucking cocks and getting fucked. The last dozen pictures were of Beth getting fucked in the ass by some big black guy.
Tim took the phone back from a stunned Bret, hiding a smile as Bret grabbed a beer with one hand and adjusted his cock in his pants with the other.
It took a few minutes before Bret looked over at Tim.
"Sorry, dude. I really thought..." Bret trailed off.
"I know. I guess if you had told me Linda had done the same thing, I would have called bullshit as well," Tim said.
"So what happened, you know," Bret motioned at Tim's phone.
"After she showed me the photos?"
Bret nodded.
"Well, I got hard while I was looking at the photos. Beth unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out, and started sucking me while I watched a video of the guy fucking her ass," Tim looked annoyed.
"You know that little slut wouldn't let me near her asshole? She said that it was gross and got pissed anytime I touched it, but she let this complete stranger fuck her without any complaint! Fuck, that video almost started another argument, but she said she was sorry and that she should have let me fuck her ass when I had tried before."
Bret didn't know what to say as Tim took another drink.
"So, Beth stands up and takes off her stained clothes. She has bruises on her breasts and thighs, hickeys on her neck, and dried cum everywhere. Her pussy looked swollen, and the bitch had shaved all the hair off before she went to the theater! I had begged her to do that for me, and she said it wasn't natural. She smirked like, 'What are you going to do.' Fuck I was pissed."
"What did you do?" Bret asked, his cock feeling uncomfortably confined in his pants.
"I threw the bitch on the bed and fucked her pussy hard for a few minutes, then I slammed my cock into her asshole and fucked her until I filled her with cum. Fuck was she loose and soaked with all the cum the other guys left in her. After I finished with her ass, I made her suck me clean." Tim said, smiling as he recalled how hot the sex had been between Beth and him.
"After she finished, I gave her a bath and cleaned her up. We spent the rest of the night cuddling on the couch," Tim concluded. He finished his beer and waved off the waitress when she brought over a new one.
"So, everything worked out between you guys?" Bret inquired, thinking about how he would react if Linda had done something like that.
"Yeah, actually, things are better than they have been in a while. Beth agreed that what she did was stupid. Anything could have happened to her, and no one would have known for hours. She didn't want to give up going, so I agreed that as long as someone was with her, she could do it again."
"It took a little bit of convincing and some yelling, but in the end, she also agreed that if I found someone I wanted to play with, she would be okay with it."
"So your okay with her fucking other guys while you watch?" Bret asked. Images of Linda getting fucked by strangers flashed through his mind, making him uncomfortable and aroused.
Tim nodded. "The sex was amazing afterward. Beth was on fire, almost like she was trying to make it up to me for cheating, and I got to reclaim the slut as mine after she was done."
Tim watched Bret for several minutes as Bret thought over everything.
"You ever think about someone else fucking Linda while you watch?" Tim asked as nonchalantly as he could.
Bret thought for a few seconds. Maybe it was the beer talking, "Yeah, but Linda would never agree to anything like that. Hell, I can't get her to go out in public wearing anything that might even show off her figure!"
Now Tim knew he had Bret where he needed him to be.
"Well, what if I could get Linda to go out in public in something revealing? Like that costume she wore for Halloween?"
"Hell, there is no way Linda would go out like that," Bret dismissed it, completely sure his prim and proper wife wouldn't be caught dead in that outfit in public.
"Okay. Let's make this interesting, then. If I manage to get her out in public, say a restaurant, wearing that costume, she works as my personal servant during the next big game."
"Sure, and if you can't, Beth wears it and is my personal servant during the next big game," Bret said, already imagining Beth wearing the costume.
"Deal!" Tim said, and the two of them shook on it.
"Going to the theater with a drunk little wife,"Tim glanced at the message and almost spit out his beer when he saw the attached photo of Linda bent over, flashing her ass and pussy to the camera while still in the restaurant.
Tim looked over at Bret. "Looks like I won that bet," he said and sent the first picture of Linda when she arrived at the restaurant to Bret's phone.
Bret opened the text, and his mouth fell open. There was his wife, in public, wearing the slutty wife Halloween costume that she had refused to wear anywhere outside the house.
"How?" Bret asked, resigned to losing the bet. Now, he had to figure out how to get Linda to accept it.
"Oh, Beth helped," Tim laughed, seeing the worried look on Bret's face.
"Are you Trying to figure out how you're going to get Linda to agree to come over in that outfit and serve the party?" Tim asked.
Bret nodded.
Tim sent Bret the second photo.
"Holy shit!" Bret exclaimed as he saw a picture of this shy wife exposing her bare ass and pussy to God knows who.
"Show her the picture if she doesn't want to do it, and let her know that Beth might be upset. Then send that to some of their friends," Tim said, calling the waitress over for the check.
"That's blackmail!" Bret exclaimed, looking between the phone and Tim.
"She won't do it, but Linda doesn't know that, so it will give you something to motivate Linda to show up at my house for the game. By the way, I want her there with no panties, just like that photo."
Bret just nodded, feeling a little ill.
Tim's phone dinged again.
"She might make a few friends," Beth texted, along with a picture of Linda sitting next to her, a guy sitting next to her, and another guy sitting right behind her, leaning forward.
"Would you still like to see Linda doing the same things Beth did?" Tim asked, handing the waitress money for both tabs.
"You don't have to pay mine," Bret objected, but the waitress was already away.
"Well?" Tim prompted.
The picture of Linda bent over and exposing herself had helped push his fantasy even more.
"Yeah," Bret admitted, unable to look at Tim.
"Ok, if Beth manages to get Linda to the theater and Linda participates, then in addition to serving at the game, Linda is the entertainment."
Bret swallowed. Tim's football parties usually had twenty to thirty people, a mix of couples and singles, and lasted for hours after the game ended. Tim was implying that many of their friends could end up using Linda.
Fuck, there is no way Linda would go to that Theater. Even if she did, there was no way in hell she would let anyone touch her,Bret thought.
"Fine, but Linda has to agree. And if Beth can't get Linda to participate, Beth will be the entertainment at my next party," Bret said, already planning a massive party with Beth as the entertainment.
This is almost too easy, Tim thought as he sent the picture of Linda at the theater to Bret.
Bret looked at this phone and saw that he had a message from Tim and was afraid to open it.
"Come on. Open it," Tim prodded.
Very reluctantly, Bret opened the message and almost fell off the chair. His wife was in the theater, sitting next to Beth, still dressed in the slutty wife outfit. There were a few guys sitting behind the two women.
How the hell did Beth get Linda to go to the theater, especially dressed like a slut?Bret thought.
Almost like Tim could read his mind, "There wasn't anything nefarious, Bret. Other than some wine at the restaurant."
"How..."
"You will have to ask her when she gets home," Tim said with a shrug of his shoulders.
"I should go over there right now," Bret said, standing.
"And do what? You go there and start a fight, and both Linda and you might get arrested. Some of the guys there might end up really hurting you or her before the cops show up. Even if you were to just grab her and try to force her to leave, it might go badly. Just go home and wait for her. Then you can have a conversation when it's just the two of you. Not you and her and a bunch of strangers."
"Look. Right now, she is just sitting there, watching a movie with Beth. Beth told me Linda made her promise that she wouldn't go there alone again. That might be all there is to this."
Bret wavered. Tim had some good points, but that didn't stop him from wanting to protect her.
"She's not safe there," Bret defended, but he sat back down.
"Beth is there right now, and after we leave, I plan on going there to ensure they are both safe. When she wants to leave, we will ensure she gets home."
Bret looked at the picture on his phone again, then at Tim.
"Promise?"
"You have my word," Tim said.
"Thanks. I think I will go home then," Bret said, not feeling well and suddenly not wanting to be around anyone.
"I think it's for the best," Tim agreed, and they left the bar.
Tim stood outside and waved as Bret drove off toward home. He smiled as he walked the short distance to the theater.
*********************************************************************************************************
"I don't know about this, Beth," Linda said, a little unsteady on her feet. She blamed the high heels and not the buzz she had going.
"It will be fun," Beth assured her, not nearly as intoxicated as the other woman.
Beth opened the door for Linda, directing her by her elbow toward the left ticket booth. A skinny twenty-something with bad acne sat, his attention mostly on Linda.
"Two tickets for 'Slut Around the World,'" Beth said. It was the movie playing in the leftmost cinema.
"Look's like you sluts came here for something more than a movie," he said as he took the cash Beth handed him and handed her the tickets.
"Hey, I'm not a slut!" Linda protested, her hands on her hips.
"Well, you sure are dressed like one," the man shot back, running his hand through his short greasy hair.
Linda was about to go off on him when Beth grabbed her arm and pulled her toward the cinema. "Just let it go. The little shit isn't worth it," she quietly advised Linda.
"You're right," Linda said much louder than was necessary, her voice carrying easily back to the man. "I bet the little prick is still a virgin," Linda said, laughing.
Beth looked back at him and could see he was pissed. She shrugged her shoulders and made a spinning motion by her head, indicating Linda was insane. The man laughed and turned away.
The inside of the theater was dark, lit only by a few isle lights and the movie that was playing. Linda stopped and watched a blonde on the screen sucking off a guy in the back of a car, taking his impossibly long cock down her throat with ease.
"That has to be fake," Linda said to Beth.
Beth looked at the screen and shook her head. "No, some of them are that big."
Pulling Linda after her, she found a group of empty seats on the left side of the cinema. In the middle, a few couples sat engrossed in each other, and a few single men were scattered around, but there were no single females in the cinema today.
Perfect, Beth thought as she picked the middle two seats in the row and sat down.
Pulling her phone out, Beth took a picture of the two of them while Linda looked at the movie, oblivious to the men who had come up behind them. After sending the text, Beth leaned closer to Linda.
"Hey, looks like we have some company."
Linda turned away from the screen and noticed the two guys behind them. They were standing there, stroking the outsides of their pants.
"Shit," Linda started, moving forward in the seat to get away from them.
Beth looked up at them," Hey, we're not ready to play. So either sit down and watch the movie until we are or go away."
"No worries, darling," the rougher-looking of the two men said. He picked a seat right behind Linda and sat.
The other guy looked indecisive until the first guy glared at him. He then sat down behind Beth, leaving the two women alone.
Linda sat back in the seat, casting glances back at the men who smiled at her.
"You're fine," Beth assured her, pushing Linda back against the seat.
A few minutes later, Linda noticed that a woman in one of the couples had disappeared.
She hadn't walked up the aisle, so where was she?Linda wondered.
A particularly bright scene in the movie lit the seats up enough that Linda found the woman. She was on her knees in front of the man she was with, sucking his cock, in front of everyone!
"Oh my God!" Linda noticed, her hand covering her mouth.
"Wow, good for her," Beth said, watching the woman's head go up and down on her date's lap.
Linda watched, entranced, as the woman stood, turned toward the screen, and pulled her pants down before sitting on the hard cock sticking up beneath her.
"She's fucking that guy in front of everyone!" Linda exclaimed from behind her hand. She meant it to be a whisper, but it came out loud enough that Beth and the guys behind them heard.
The guys chuckled at Linda's naivety.
Beth leaned toward Linda, resting her hand on Linda's thigh. Then, she put her mouth next to her friend's ear.
"Some people come here to have an audience. See the guys inching closer," Beth said, pointing at the guys who had moved on either side of the couple.
"They will try to get involved. If the couple doesn't object, they will start feeling up the woman," Beth said.
As Beth had predicted, the man the woman was with stopped fucking her for a moment to help the other two remove her top. The now naked woman started fucking again, the guys on either side playing with her breasts.
Linda looked at Beth, her eyes wide as she took in the scene across the aisle from them.
"How can she do that?" Linda wondered, her hand covering her mouth.
"Well, my guess is she's horny, she has an open relationship with the man she's with, and she's definitely an exhibitionist," Beth chuckled as she gently turned Linda's upper body back to watch the other woman.
Linda's hands had dropped to her lap, unconsciously fiddling with the bottom of her skirt.
Beth noticed but kept it to herself for now, enjoying the way the skin on Linda's neck had flushed as her body became excited despite itself.
Linda turned suddenly, her face inches away from Beth's, "You don't think she is easy, do you?"
"You saw the pictures of me doing the same thing. Do you think I'm easy?" Beth questioned, licking her lips, wanting nothing more than to close the gap and gently kiss Linda.
Frowning, Linda recalled the pictures of Beth getting manhandled by multiple men. Of her being used almost like some kind of living sex toy for their gratification. Most of all, she remembered Beth's face and the almost primal look of ecstasy the pictures captured.
The moaning of the other woman turned into a shout, drawing Linda away from Beth. As she turned, the other woman arched her back, thrusting her breasts into the air as her body shook with what must have been a massive orgasm.
"Did you see that?" Linda asked, squirming in her seat, her body suddenly very hot.
Beth smiled. "Yeah, she sure came hard, didn't she," Beth twirled an arrant strand of Linda's hair between her fingers. She noticed Tim sitting down in the row behind them and smiled at him as she shook her head slightly.
"Would you like to have one of those?" Beth asked, looking up into Linda's eyes, noticing their frightened yet terribly excited expressions.
"I couldn't do that," Linda disagreed, looking over at the other woman who was now laying face up over her date's lap, getting fucked by one guy while deep-throating the cock of another, all while her date groped her breasts and twisted her nipples.
"Do what? Have sex in public? Have sex with a stranger? Multiple strangers? Which one couldn't you do, Linda?"
"Any of it. All of it. Fuck I don't know," Linda said.
Leaning forward, "Is it wrong that maybe. Fuck," Linda jerked back, clutching her hands into fists.
Beth looked at Tim and motioned with her head, indicating for him to chase off the other guys.
Knowing that Tim would care for the others, Beth pushed the seat arm up and wrapped her arms around Linda, pulling her close.
"Part of you wants to try what that woman is doing. You want to feel what she is feeling. Another part is fear that doing that would ruin your life. People would look down on you, judge you, and call you hurtful names. Your family might have nothing to do with you, and Bret might leave you. Does that about sum up what you are feeling?"
Linda nodded against Beth's chest.
"That's why people come to places like this. No one knows anyone here unless that is what you want. There are no names. The only other rule is that it has to be consensual. Nothing here is forced. If you want to stop, they will stop."
"What about Bret?"
"Didn't you say he wanted you to come here?"
"Yeah, it was all his idea, asshole," Linda spat, smiling up at Beth.
"My guess is he wouldn't be upset then if you were to experiment a little bit," Beth reasoned out loud, running a finger down the curve of Linda's jaw, tilting her head up so their faces were almost touching.
"I wish he were..." Linda started but was cut off as Beth kissed her gently.
Linda was surprised, her half-open eyes popping open fully before closing as she began to kiss Beth back. The combination of alcohol, voyeurism, and sexual tension momentarily overrode her inhibitions.
As the kiss heated up, Tim took a couple of pictures as Beth slowly unbuttoned Linda's outfit, exposing the red bra that did nothing to cover Linda's breasts. Beth gently tweaked Linda's nipples, eliciting a moan.
"This is wrong," Linda kept saying, but she made no effort to stop Beth as the other woman pushed Linda's skirt up, exposing her very wet pussy.
Beth leaned down and took Linda's right nipple in her mouth as she rubbed Linda's clit.
"Oh, Shit," Linda gasped out, lifting herself off the seat to give Beth better access to her soaked pussy.
Beth slipped a finger slowly inside Linda.
"This is so wrong," Linda panted, her resolve fading, her face scrunching up as she approached an orgasm.
Beth stopped sucking on Linda's nipple, moving upward until their foreheads touched. "Maybe, but it feels fucking good, doesn't it?" Beth asked.
Linda moaned, getting closer, yet unable to cum as her body and mind fought.
"Stop," Linda managed to say, her right hand capturing Beth's wrist, trying to pull the fingers out of her wet pussy.
"Please," Linda begged, knowing that if this continued any longer, she couldn't stop her body from responding.
Beth almost swore under her breath, but she had told Linda that no one would force her here, so she pulled her fingers out of Linda's warm wet pussy.
"I'm so sorry," Linda kept saying repeatedly, tears leaking out of the corners of her eyes.
"Oh, baby girl," Beth pulled her close, holding her tight. "It's ok. Like I told you. Things go at your pace."
So fucking close, Beth thought as she stroked Linda's back.
Beth met Tim's look and shook her head. Tonight wasn't going to happen. Tim shrugged his shoulders. He had waited this long, what was another few days, the gesture conveyed to Beth.
She smiled at him as she handed him Linda's car keys.
Tim left the two of them alone, not wanting Linda to feel more awkward because he was there.
Just then, the woman across the aisle screamed out another orgasm.
"Well, someone is having a good time," Beth commented, pulling away from Linda. As Linda looked over, the woman had a cock in each orifice and seemed to be in heaven.
"She is, isn't she," Linda observed, mad at herself for chickening out.
Maybe she could... No, the mood was gone, Linda thought as Beth zipped up Linda's outfit.
"Let's get out of here before she gets any louder," Beth said with a contagious smile.
Linda relaxed. Her friend wasn't mad at her for stopping things, which mattered more to her than any possible infidelity to her husband, which bothered her when she thought about it.
I need to go home and sleep the alcohol off, Linda thought, getting unsteadily to her feet.
************************************************************************************************************
Tim walked back to the restaurant and picked up Linda's car. After a quick drive, he opened the garage and put her car away. Entering the house, he found Bret on the edge of the couch, looking very nervous.
"Is Linda with you?" Bret asked when Tim walked in and tossed the keys on the counter.
"No, she is riding with Beth. They should be here shortly," Tim said, grabbing a beer from the fridge and sitting across from his friend.
Tim sat, drinking the beer and smiling, waiting to see how long the silence would drag out before Bret broke it.
He didn't have to wait long.
"So, did she? Ah, you know. Did anything? Ah," Bret was having a real hard time asking what he wanted and dreaded to know.
"Did she let someone fuck her?" Tim asked, deciding to rip the bandage off.
Bret winced but nodded, looking relieved and ashamed.
"Well... No. She came close to cumming while making out with Beth, but she stopped herself and wanted to come home," Tim decided to come clean. He didn't want to have issues later with Bret if things went the way he hoped they would.
"Ahh, good. Wait, she made out with Beth?" Bret had difficulty picturing his prim and proper wife making out with another woman.
Tim sent him a short video.
Bret watched his semi-dressed wife getting fingered while Beth sucked on her breast. They were in the theater, and from the background sounds, someone was getting fucked hard.
The video stopped when Linda grabbed Beth's arm and asked her to quit.
Bret could see Linda's guilty look.
Part of him was relieved that she hadn't cheated, but he realized another, maybe twisted, part was disappointed.
Tim could see how conflicted Bret was.
"I would suggest the two of you talk this out," Tim said. He might have said more, but they heard a key inserted in the front door.
************************************************************************************************************
The ride home was quick and quiet. Each woman was lost in thought.
As they turned the corner, Linda realized her car was still at the restaurant.
"Hey, we forgot my car!"
"I told you the boys would take care of it. Tim drove it home," Beth said, pulling into the drive.
Linda walked on unsteady legs to the front door and let them in. Tim and Bret were talking and looked up as their wives entered the room.
"Hey, how was your evening," Tim asked the two women, smiling as Beth sat down on his lap.
"We had a blast!" Beth was elated, grinning as Linda stood awkwardly just inside the door, smoothing out her outfit.
Linda walked over to where Bret was, sitting next to him and accidentally showing Tim and Beth her pussy before blushing and putting her legs together.
Bret pulled Linda close, feeling her stiffen slightly before relaxing into him.
"Did you have a good time?" Bret wondered, deciding to ignore the costume for now.
"We had fun," Linda admitted, blushing as she looked over at Beth.
Beth's phone dinged. Looking at the text, she frowned and handed the phone to Tim.
"It looks like we are late for a prior engagement," Tim apologized as he and Beth stood.
"I'll walk them out," Bret volunteered and followed the other couple outside.
As they approached the car, Tim turned to Bret.
"You guys need to talk and work out if things are going to go any further," Tim advised.
"We will," Bret assured him, feeling uncomfortable talking about it where Beth could hear.
Bret waved as they pulled out of the driveway.
Just before they drove away, Tim rolls down the window and motions Bret over.
"Hey, make sure you check your phone later," Tim said cryptically before a smiling Beth drove away.
Back inside, Linda wasn't in the living room any longer. Bret could hear the water running and found his wife in the shower. He stood at the door, admiring her body as she finished washing off.
"Hi," Linda said as she stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel.
"Hey," Bret responded, unsure what to say.
Linda bent over. Her ass pointed toward Bret, her firm tits hanging below her. Bret felt his cock raising, but he wanted to talk about what happened first.
Linda turned and tossed the towel on the hamper.
"Hey, I was thinking that we need to talk about," Bret started but was stopped when Linda grabbed him and started kissing him roughly.
He was surprised as his normally shy wife forced him backward into their bedroom until his knees hit the bed.
Linda climbed on top of him, kissing him, biting his lips, before sliding her body up and setting her pussy on his mouth.
"Fucking eat me," Linda demanded as she mauled her own breasts.
Bret had never seen this side of his wife. He grabbed her hips and pushed his tongue inside her, licking her soaked pussy as she ground herself on his lips and nose.
"Oh, Shit!"
"Deeper!"
"Right there. Suck it," Linda commanded as Bret pulled her clit into his mouth and sucked.
Linda started shuddering, leaning backward as she pulled hard on her nipples and coated Bret's face with her juices as she orgasmed.
"Fuck!" she screamed as the sexual tension of the night was released all at once.
Bret kept licking until his wife rolled to the side, breathing hard. He quickly stripped and grabbed her ankles, pulling her legs apart, his hard cock bouncing between his legs when she looked up at him.
"Please, not tonight. I'm exhausted," Linda said, slurring her words.
Bret groaned but let her go. He found a nightshirt for her and woke her up enough to get her dressed and under the covers before leaving the room. A last glance at the clock showed it was only 8 p.m.