Kate and Andrew breezed into the hotel lobby. The desk clerk glanced up and grinned as Kate power-wobbled toward the elevator. Her heels snapped gunshots off the tiled floor in the after-midnight quiet of the hotel.
Kate smashed the UP button with a closed fist. The brass elevator doors dinged open. Andrew assisted her inside and pressed "7".
Open bars at weddings were a good time if one actively chooses to slow or stop drinking.
Andrew had.
Kate hadn't.
"I liked dancing with you," Kate said. She turned and kissed Andrew in the elevator, her hands stroking his face, burying themselves in his hair. He kissed her back hard, their tongues dancing. His hand moved up to caress her breast. He roughly thumbed her nipple through the yellow chiffon of her dress. She pushed into him, pressing her body against his palms, nipples hardening in response to his skillful touch.
"Here, more access," she breathed, gin fumes rolling off her. She pulled both straps off her shoulders and yanked her dress down, fully exposing her breasts.
"Holy shit!" Andrew nearly shouted, trying to pull her dress back up, "Cover yourself before someone sees your tits, you drunk!" Kate grabbed his hands and fought against him, her breasts still free.
"But no one's awake," she sing-songed as the elevator arrived at their floor. The door dinged open and cool hallway air poured into the warm space. She dropped his hands and strolled out into the hallway, her dress bunched around her waist and her naked back sliding away from him. She headed to their room, Room #750.
Andrew stepped off the elevator, looking left and right down the corridor. The floor was silent. No TVs hummed through the walls. No low, indistinct conversations floated out from under the closed doors. Only the muttering ice machine at the end of the hall spoiled the complete silence.
"Try to stop me!" Kate challenged Andrew from over her shoulder, then stopped herself. "Try AND stop me?" she questioned the empty hallway. She shook her head and laughed at herself, rocked on her heels and fought to stay upright. Andrew reached forward to catch her but Kate steadied herself. She had this. She shoved her dress down past her stomach to her waist.
Andrew's cock hardened. Kate rolled her hips in slow, seductive rings, her arms up and the backs of her hands resting on her head. Her breasts were pulled up taut, exposed in the hallway. Her nipples, bright pink and hard, were pebbled from the brisk hallway air. She swayed in a lazy circle, moving to face Andrew. She posed, presenting her body to him, nude from the waist up. Her nipples demanded attention.
Andrew leaned in and took one in his mouth. Kate's gasp echoed in the hallway. She pulled his head closer and arched her body, pushing herself into his mouth. She tugged on her dress, needy and insistent. Andrew had a better position and pulled everything, dress and underwear, off her hips and down her lean legs. The material puddled on the floor at her ankles.
Kate, fully nude in the hallway, completely exposed, pushed on the top of Andrew's head.
"Your mouth. Now," she directed, her voice husky with lust.
Andrew knelt and put his tongue out for her. Kate immediately pushed her hips into his face. She put her hand on the back of his head, holding it steady. She grunted with pleasure as she ground her clit onto his tongue, fucking his mouth.
"I want someone to catch us" she whispered. Andrew's cock throbbed at the thought of a stranger walking out a room to see Kate's nude body. Imagining someone's eyes crawling all over her body, perving on her, pushed him over the edge. He stood up and pulled the room's keycard from his pocket. He tried to slide it into the slot. Kate draped her nude body on his back, hands reaching around to his crotch.
"You like this too," she said, nipping his ear. Her hand rubbed his erection over his clothes. Despite the drinking, she deftly unzipped his suit pants and slipped her hand inside the waistband of his boxer-briefs. He gasped as she stroked his cock, her hands warm and soft.
"Let's fuck in front of the window," she said, yanking him into the room by his wrist. Laughing, they stumbled over the threshold. The heavy door snickered shut behind them.
Muted moans joined the noise of the ice machine shortly after.