When I hung up the phone, I admit I might have slammed down the receiver in frustration. It was Monday and I had been looking forward to an evening spent in my recliner with a couple beers and some Monday Night Football. Instead, I had just been informed that I had been enlisted by my wife to help entertain another in a seemingly endless stream of consultants brought in to figure out how to make my wife's place of employment hum.
"I know how much you hate it," she started, "but Bill already has a meeting and I agreed to meet Jan and her husband for dinner."
Kate's request was both surprising and unsurprising at the same time. It was not unusual to have consultants come to town and to have Kate's boss pawn them off on her. It was unusual to have the consultant be a woman and be accompanied by her spouse. I was accustomed to being asked to tag along with Kate, who was uncomfortable going solo when the consultant was a man. She had done it once, and complained the guy spent the entire time staring at her ample bosom and even tried groping her after insisting he should escort Kate to her car.
"Please come with me," she pleaded, "I really, really need your support."
That did it. Kate had thrown out the "I need your support" card, which meant I'd be in the dog house if I bailed on her.
"Okay," I grumbled as I hung up the phone. I was pissed at the time, but in hindsight, I clearly made the right decision.
I was running late after a hectic afternoon at work and didn't pull into the driveway until nearly six o'clock. After I scurried through the front door, I jogged up the staircase and ran into the master bathroom intending to take a quick shower. The sight that greeted me when I rounded the corner into the john stopped me in my tracks. Kate was applying her makeup at the sink, leaning towards the mirror wearing only a black lace bra and matching panties. What an ass! I had moved my gaze up to Kate's lovely and large breasts when her eyes glanced away from her face and and focused on my reflection in the mirror as I ogled her tits and ass. I was sure she was going to complain I was late getting home, but instead she smiled sweetly and sensuously wiggled her beautiful behind.
I assumed it was an invitation and wasted no time as I slid up behind her and pressed my rapidly hardening and fully clothed cock to her barely covered butt. I ran my hands down Kate's naked back and gently grabbed hold of her hips, while she pushed back with her ass and squirmed against the growing bulge in my pants.
Just as my hand was reaching for the fly on my jeans, Kate gave out a tiny moan before protesting, "We can't," the desire unmistakable in her voice, "we're already going to be late and you need to get in the shower."
With that said, Kate nudged her tight little ass up against by now fully erect dick as it strained against the confines of my pants, turned around, planted a passionate kiss on my lips, gave my cock a quick tug,and sauntered into our bedroom with her hips swaying suggestively.
"What a fucking tease," I yelled after her.
I could hear Kate giggle, obviously pleased with herself, as I pulled off my work clothes and climbed into the shower. At that point, I would have paid almost any price to blow off the plans for the evening and get into the sack with Kate's hot body and just fuck the night away. My cock was hard when I started the shower and I was still sporting a pretty good woody when I pulled back the shower curtain to climb out.
Kate was back at the sink now fully dressed in black slacks and a blouse that accentuated her hot curves. She glanced over at me while I started to towel and quipped, "I was sure you were going to take care of that yourself in the shower," while moving her hand up and down with her fingers curled around in the classic "jerk-off" gesture. "Now you'll just have to wait until we get home so I can relieve your tension."
My beautiful bride was obviously in a horny mood and I couldn't wait to be done with our duties. That wasn't going to happen if I remained in place with my semi-hard dick exposed hoping for a quick blow job so I ambled into the bedroom and got dressed.
Kate called Jan on her cell as we were driving downtown to let her know we'd be couple minutes late. Jan assured Kate that it was no problem and instructed us to look for her and Steve in the bar, where they would be sipping on margaritas.
Thanks to Kate's lead foot we were only about 10 minutes behind schedule when we walked into the lounge. Kate pointed to Jan's table, and I quickly noticed the two glasses on it were already damn near drained. I couldn't get a good view of Jan as we approached, but Steve was facing us and it was clear he had no trouble attracting the fairer sex. The guy was around 35, broad-shouldered, with a full head of black hair graying around the temple.
My wife was looking Steve over good as we walked closer, and after about five steps, I finally got a decent view of Jan the consultant. She was so unbelievably gorgeous I damned near stopped in my tracks! My wife is hot, but this chick was pure southern California beach babe. Straight blond hair framed a face that could have from a fashion magazine. She wasn't busty, but her trim, athletic body exuded sex. The expression on my face must have betrayed my thoughts because I received a decent elbow jab from Kate just before she introduced me to Jan, and Jan took care to introduce Steve.
While we waited for dinner to be served, the conversation came easy and the drinks quickly. We talked about our jobs and families. Kate and I have two children, but both had flown the coop for college. Jan and Steve were still in the middle of it with elementary age offspring
who dominated their lives. Jan explained that she decided to ask Steve to join her on her trip so the two of them could have a chance to reconnect and hopefully put some spark back in their love life.
We didn't have to wait long for our dinners to arrive, and the casual conversation continued effortlessly as we sated our appetites. The drinks kept coming, and by the time the table was cleared the laughter coming from our table had grown common and loud enough to attract the attention of a few other diners.
Jan finished off her third margarita and announced it was time for her to visit the restroom. It was my first opportunity to take in her whole body. She stood up and turned around. "Oh, my God," my brain screamed. This chick's ass was the finest I had ever had the opportunity to ogle! She knew it too. Jan added a seductive sway to her gait just before she turned and spied me staring at her gorgeous behind. When my gaze shifted up, I caught a glimpse of a smile on her lips just as Kate's elbow jabbed me in the side.
Steve seemed oblivious to the brief exchange and continued chatting up Kate as he sipped his drink. Within a few minutes, Jan sauntered around the corner and returned to her seat at the table. Another round of drinks was ordered and the gabfest continued.
That's when Jan caught Steve staring at Kate's tits. She wasn't wearing anything revealing, but her 34Ds still commanded the attention of anyone carrying normal levels of testosterone in his blood. It was tough to tell if she was actually mad at him as Jan admonished Steve that it was rude of him to allow his gaze to drift that far south. "How would you like if Jake kept eyeing my cleavage?" she demanded.
For some reason Kate felt a need to defend Steve. "Don't be too tough on him," she pleaded, "boys will be boys." Then, in an apparent move to even the playing field, Kate added, "just five minutes ago I caught Jake taking in the view of your ass, and he wasn't even trying to be discrete."
Before I could recover from nearly spitting out my drink and begin to mount my defense, Jan interrupted with a hint of a giggle in her voice, "Don't worry about it. Steve is used to it, and truth be told, I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and it turns me on knowing the guys like what they see!"
For some reason, that opened the floodgates and Jan launched into a story about their visit to a clothing optional beach in Cancun. Jan claimed she had no intention of actually getting naked, but she had found herself getting revved up by the the reaction of the men, and a few women, to her revealing two-piece swimsuit.
Steve jumped into the conversation, explaining how he took notice of her aroused state, and grabbed the opportunity to lobby Jan to lose her top. He said it took him 20-minutes, but Jan finally agreed to lay on her belly topless after he promised to give her a good rubdown.
"It was so sensual," Jan said as I caught her squirming a bit in her seat. "Steve kept massaging my back as I glanced around at all the naked bodies nearby. Some probably should have stayed covered, but the were quite a few hot guys and girls. Soon I noticed this one couple watching us, and when I gathered up enough nerve, I returned their gaze." Jan hesitated just a bit before continuing. It was pretty clear she was contemplating if she should share the rest of the story when the small crease that had been forming on her forehead vanished, and she gave herself a little squeeze with her arms crossed over her breasts.
"Steve was giving my butt a pretty good rubdown, and every few seconds could feel his fingers sliding a bit farther under my bikini bottoms. The couple watching us never looked away, and as I kept my eyes pointed in their direction, the chick casually reached down between her man's legs and started stroking his cock! They were both totally nude. She looked tobe in her mid 20's, with short blond hair and an all-over tan. Jan described the guy as in his 30's and very fit with a full head of jet black hair. Then she added, "Oh yeah, he was also sporting no tan lines to go along with his 9-inch pole."
Jan's eyes had a distant look to them and it wasn't clear if Jan was really aware she that was with us and sitting in a bustling restaurant. I clearly noticed her nipples were making a distinct impression on her blouse as she went on with her story.
"I could feel myself getting wetter watching this chick hand-fucking her guy as my guy was trying to take some liberties with my half-naked bod! That's when I told Steve that I would be willing to take it all off if he would ditch his swimsuit. I didn't know until later that he'd been taking in the same show, and Steve quickly accepted my offer."
I glanced over at Kate. Her eyes were riveted on Steve, waiting for his response to Jan's story. "Holy shit!," I mouthed when she finally glanced in my direction. We had often fantasized, when alone in our bed, about what it might be like to BE with someone else. We weren't swingers, but both of us had gotten turned on talking about the possibility of getting it on with someone else in the presence of one another, and here we were with this smoking hot babe talking about getting naked while watching another chick stroke her guy's cock. Kate just grinned.
Steve also grinned as he took over the role of storyteller. "I told her I would gladly display my cock if she slid off her bikini bottom. Hell, we were on a nude beach and most of the guys had their dicks waving in the wind." He paused, looking straight into Kate's ever widening green eyes, before adding, "Of course, very few of the other men were sporting a rock hard woody like I was."
Jan then jumped back in, "I was soaking wet, but I don't think anyone other than Steve could have known. His arousal was a bit more obvious and when Steve stood up and slid down his suit, I actually heard the woman on the blanket behind us suck in her breath when caught a view of his privates. Remember,I never intended getting naked, and here I was, lying on my back with my husband's erect cock above me and my pussy getting wetter by the second."
Once again, I took stock of the situation by first looking to my wife, who seemed content to be sitting in a restaurant listening to an incredibly beautiful woman talk about hard penises and her wet vagina. My gaze then shifted to Steve and saw that his attention was split between his wife's voice and my wife's chest. Finally, I returned my eyes to Jan, who had a sparkle in her eyes and seductive smile on her lips as she looked straight into my eyes and continued with her tale.
"When I eventually shifted my gaze back to the amorous couple, I saw they were packing their things. Steve was also watching as this fine specimen of a man and his hottie companion got to their feet."
That's when Jan breathlessly described the target of their voyeurism. "The chick is about 5'5" with short-cropped brunette hair what can only be described as a flawless body. Her guy was around 6-feet tall with and had a delicious muscular frame."
"They started walking away from us down the beach, but then turned back and the girl gestured like we should follow!" Jan said she and Steve quickly scanned the beach around them to see if anyone else was reacting, but didn't see a thing. "That's when Steve gave me one of his leering looks and casually suggested we should follow them."
Jan paused for just a second before continuing, "I just stared back at him for a few seconds before I said, "What the fuck." and stood up naked as a jaybird." Then she conspiratorially whispered, "I was so horny, I wouldn't have been surprised if my juices started flowing down my legs!"
Speaking of horny, I found myself shifting in my chair to ease the pressure on my steadily hardening cock. I shot a glance over to my wife to see if she had taken notice of my condition, and found her entranced with Jan's tale.
"What was it like having all those people staring at you?" Kate had asked exactly the question I would have if I hadn't been preoccupied with my growing erection.
"I thought I'd be embarrassed, but instead I felt electrified." Jan described how she scanned the crowd on the beach and found most of the people hadn't taken any notice, but she also clearly saw lust on many of the faces, both men and women. "It was such a turn on! My body was almost vibrating as my mind reeled at the thought that the person behind each of those faces was thinking about having sex with me."
Jan then described how it took Steve a bit longer to get to his feet because was attempting to conceal his boner, and how he finally gave up and stood next to his naked bride with his fully erect penis on display.
"I could feel myself turning beet red with embarrassment, and it still wouldn't go down so I just grabbed our stuff, grabbed Jan, and started walking in the direction of the hot naked couple."
Steve's eyes remained squarely aimed at Kate's tits as he took over the role of storyteller. "They were about 100-yards ahead of us and moving at a pretty good clip. I could tell we were losing ground on them. It was partly because Jan seemed to be in a daze, and partly because I was finding it a bit difficult to walk fast with a hard dick slapping against my thighs!"
We all started to laugh, and Steve's face reddened as he realized how ridiculous his last statement sounded. Rather than risk further embarrassment, Steve kept quiet and let Jan take over.
"We were slower than they were, but I was able to see then turn into series of tall sand dunes that kept most people from using that portion of the beach. It took us a few minutes to reach the spot where they turned, and by then there was no sign of them. I was about to turn back when Steve grabbed my hand and pulled me into the maze of dunes."
At that point, the storyteller was interrupted by another round of laughter when she disclosed they were moving a bit faster because the dick now slapping Steve's thighs could no longer be described as "rock hard."
After the three of us managed to ratchet our laughter down to giggles, Jan described how the sounds of the ocean started to fade after they had only taken a few steps into the dunes. "We had no idea where they could be, but after walking about 10-yards inland both of us began hearing something. We decided to follow our ears and took a path to the right between two dunes."
Jan had Kate and I were completely wrapped up in her story. My cock, which was now totally erect was telling me it was going to get hotter, but Jan's description of the dunes was so foreboding, my brain was telling me to prepare for an ending out of a Stephen King novel. Thankfully, my cock had it right.
After a pausing to notice our rapt attention, Jan plowed ahead. "After about 20-yards I stopped dead in my tracks and Steve, who was following my lead, bumped right into my naked ass. We had stumbled into a room formed by the dunes and the path was the only way in or out unless you wanted to climb over one of the dunes. The sand dune chamber was pretty cool, but what had stopped me in my tracks, and was bringing the hardness back to my sweet hubby's cock pressed against my butt crack, was the sight of the hot chick on her knees in front of the hot guy sucking and licking his nine inch rod!"
Kate actually let out a soft moan at that point, and it almost appeared she was quivering as the sexual tension around the table climbed another notch. It felt like the boiling point was near as we all sipped our drinks and waited for Jan's next installment.
"Both of us dropped our stuff on the sand and stared as the XXX performance played out just 10-feet away. This chick didn't miss a beat. She glanced in our direction long enough to make sure we knew she had seen us, and even managed a small welcoming smile as she continued gobbling the dude's cock! Both of her hand were gripping his muscular ass cheeks when she took all of him into her throat and he started thrusting, literally fucking her face. He was holding and twisting her hair, pulling her toward his crotch, and I couldn't tell if he was even aware we were watching."
Jan was breathing hard now, and one of her hands was beneath the table. I couldn't see what she was doing, but by the way her arm muscles would flex and relax I was pretty sure Jan was rubbing herself where it feels good. The restaurant was no longer crowded, but it certainly wasn't deserted and I took a second to glance around and see if anyone had taken notice.
Jan's voice had become a little husky, "It was like I was hypnotized, I couldn't take my eyes off those two beautiful bodies right in front of me. The only distraction was the hardness pressing against my lower back, and the harder and larger it got, the more I got distracted. That's when the all-over-tan babe disengaged her mouth from her man's cock. She put both of her hands against his chest and pushed him against the wall of the nearest sand dune. He wasn't lying down, but he wasn't standing either." Jan took a sip of her drink, and then blurted out, "Oh my God! His cock was gorgeous! It was sticking straight out, and if that chick hadn't beaten me to it, I might have climbed aboard and taken it for a ride!"
Jan laughed, actually we all laughed to cut the tension and to make the couple staring at us from a few tables away believed Jan's exclamation was the punchline of a joke. I don't think they bought it.
"This woman, who has somehow captured the pure essence of sex, looked over at Steve and I, lightly licked her lips, and then crawled up this well endowed hunk's chest until he cupped her muscular ass in his huge hands and guided her down until his pole slid inside her. I can't tell you how hot it was watching those two fuck!"
That's when Steve broke in. "I just couldn't take it. I didn't even ask Jan if she wanted it, I just grabbed her shoulders, pushed her forward until she put her hands out and braced herself against the dune, and drove my cock into her. Jesus! Her pussy was so frigging wet my dick went in so deep and so fast I almost lost my balance!"
"If it wasn't for my extraordinarily strong thighs we would've been on the ground!" Jan was laughing as she described her surprise at having her husband's cock jabbed into her pussy, although she admitted it wasn't that big of a surprise considering they were both naked and
extremely turned on watching another couple fucking a few feet away. "My muscular thighs didn't have to hold too long though, Steve only managed about 10 good thrusts before he shot his load and we both tumbled to the ground. "
Jan and Steve both looked a bit sheepish as Jan began describing how they gathered up their belongings and ran from the dune maze as fast as they possibly could, and how the hot couple laughed loudly at their panicked retreat while maintaining a perfect rhythm in their porn performance fucking.
"Once I got back on my feet, I just grabbed our little bag and ran. I can still remember how hot my face felt from both excitement and embarrassment. " Jan's face became flushed again as she recounted the couple's mad dash back to the ocean.
That prompted Steve to let out a loud laugh, "I didn't know a person's butt could blush, but I clearly remember seeing Jan's cute little ass turned red while I ran to catch up with her."
Jan responded with a playful jab to Steve's shoulder, "Yeah, right...I was already in the surf washing off your cum by the time you came out of the dunes. I bet you just stood there watching more of the show and didn't even notice I had left until your dick got hard again and my sweet pussy wasn't immediately available for you to fuck!"
Steve was still laughing, "Okay, I admit I might have stayed and watched for a couple more seconds, but I was close enough running out to see your rosy cheeks. "
While the two of them giggled at their memories of their kinky encounter, I stole a glance at my wife and caught her in the act of rubbing herself under the table! Who was I to judge? I was sitting next to her sporting one hell of a woody.
Jan finished telling the tale, describing how she and Steve walked back down the beach without a stitch of clothing until they reached the boundaries of the clothing optional area. Only then did they slip back into their swimming suits for the short walk to their beachfront hotel. Once they got up to their room, Jan wrapped up the hottest story ever shared with me by describing how She and Steve ripped of their suits and fucked like rabbits for the rest of the afternoon.
I think I was staring at her with my mouth wide open when Jan nonchalantly asked, "Do you guys have any crazy stories you'd like to share? "
We didn't. The wildest thing Kate and I had done, sex wise, was to sneak away from our group during a camping trip and make love in the woods.
After a couple seconds of awkward silence, Kate offered how she had won a wet t-shirt contest during her college years, "Does that count? I know it's not anywhere near as wild as what you guys did, but it was the craziest thing I've ever done. "
Steve responded with a shit eating grin, while Jan leaned forward, offering me a bit better view of her pert breasts before breathlessly pleading, " I want to hear every last detail. "
I remember thinking that no matter what goes down tonight I'm gonna get laid big-time. Every time Kate brings up her wet T victory, I have benefited greatly in the sack. I almost always use the occasion to remind her of my number-one fantasy; watching her and another chick get it on. The story usually has me in the audience watching as Kate and the other girls dance around with their boobs showing clearly through the soaked fabric. Eventually, one of the other contestants makes a move and starts grinding against Kate, who shocks the shit out of me by grabbing the other girl by the ass, pulling her close, and giving her a full tongue kiss as the crowd goes nuts. To make a long story short, the fantasy has Kate eventually baring her tits and winning the prize. Afterwards, she brings the other woman back to our table and after a few drinks we'd go to our hotel room for a three-way orgy. Every time I've told Kate about that particular fantasy she has told me it makes her wet.
"It was a dare. I was the straight-laced RA of my dorm and the younger girls were always trying to corrupt me." Kate glanced over at me with a sly smile on her luscious lips as she continued her story. "I was short of money that month so it wasn't too hard for them to talk me into it. Six of us, all girls, first went to our favorite watering hole and did a few shots of liquid bravery before we migrated over to the local biker bar that had advertised a top prize of $500 for the winner of its Friday night wet T contest. "
"One of my college buddies went straight up to the bar manager, pointed at me, and announced loudly that I was there to collect the $500 bucks. The manager, who looked like a hardcore biker himself, reached over the bar, grabbed a t-shirt advertising his fine tavern and pointed his stubby finger in the direction of a backroom. All six of us went through the door and found ourselves crammed into a dingy office with five other girls. "
Kate looked over at Jan, "A couple of them could have been competition, but the others looked like they probably enjoyed a few too many beers and too few showers. Still, I was so nervous I was shaking as I took off my blouse and put on the t-shirt."
Kate chuckled as she announced that the shirt read "Brad's Suds and Spuds." "I still can't believe I went through with it. All the girls from the dorm stood in the back of the bar while I got up on the stage in front of a bunch of sweaty and drunk bikers. The music was thumping and everyone was chanting, "Skin to win! Skin to win!"
She was blushing now. "I was a bit tipsy from the shots, but the other girls on the stage were ripped. One chick immediately tore off her t-shirt and twirled it over her head before tossing it into the face of a biker in the front row. Two of the other girls started rubbing up against each other and kissing. I mean full make-out kissing with sloppy tongues and everything. That left me and another non-biker chick just standing there swaying to George Thorogood with soaking wet white t-shirts clinging to our bra-less boobs. Maybe I was drunker than I thought I was, because I decided to actually try to win when I looked out to the back of the bar and saw my friends had joined the crowd screaming "Take it off! Take it off!" I let the music take hold of me and started gyrating my hips. It felt like every eye in the place was on me when I started to slowly raise my t-shirt above my belly. I stopped just below my tits and shook 'em. My knees almost gave out when the entire bar cheered and started yelling right at me, "Show us the tits! Show us the tits!" I couldn't even breathe, but I somehow found a way to seductively wiggle the shirt over my head and aired 'em out for the crowd. They just went nuts, and my friends were screaming the loudest!
Kate's face was beet red when she wrapped her story by simply stating, "Obviously, I won."
Jan spoke first, "That was fucking hot!"
Steve followed that with, "I second that. I would have paid good money to be there that night!"
That got me laughing, "You guys have no idea how many times Kate has heard me say that very same thing!" That statement earned me a punch in the shoulder from my still blushing bride. Her reaction and obvious embarrassment got all of us laughing, including Kate. Before our chuckles died down completely, we were notified that our fine hosts were closing for the night and it was time to settle our bill.
As we were leaving, Jan and Steve held back a bit while the four of us walked in the direction of our car and their hotel. The two of them were holding hands and whispering to each other before Jan ran up to Kate and I and asked, "Would you guys be interested in a night cap? We brought along a couple bottles of wine from home, and it's been so much fun, we'd hate to see the night end so early."
Kate didn't hesitate for even a second, "We'd love to. One more drink won't kill us, right honey?" She grabbed onto my hand as she was delivering our response to the invite and looked at me with a smoldering fire in her eyes.
I had no idea what to expect as Kate and I were led into Jan and Steve's suite. We sat on the couch, while Steve sat on the edge of the bed as Jan fetched a bottle of wine and some plastic glasses. After pouring the wine and handing each of us a full glass, Jan sat next to Steve, and began rubbing his leg in a way that suggested it was a nearly instinctive gesture of affection. However, for Kate and I, watching Jan's fingers move along Steve's thigh turned up the heat another notch.
Feeling a wave of nervousness, I blurted out, "What should we do now?" It wasn't meant as an icebreaker, but it had that effect. Kate stifled a giggle, which caused Jan and Steve to burst out laughing. I turned beet red before I realized they weren't laughing at me and were simply releasing some of the tension that had been building since we arrived at their hotel room.
Kate leaned up against me, looked seductively into my eyes and batted her lashes as she purred, "What do you have in mind, big boy?" That prompted another round of roaring laughter, with me leading the way. My beautiful Kate is hot as hell, but her attempts to play the seductress are better suited for "Saturday Night Live" than late nights on "Cinemax."
While our laughter was still subsiding, Jan leaned over and whispered into Steve's ear. He began to blush as he nodded his head to his wife's secret communications. When she was done, Steve cleared his throat and looked to Jan, who didn't waste any time before she blurted out, "I think we should have our own private wet-T contest right here in this room." Jan took in a quick breath before she continued, "All of us got turned on listening to your story, and it's obvious Jake fantasizes about it...so why not? It could be exactly what Steve and I are looking for to jazz things up a bit."
Kate was looking at me, but I couldn't respond. My mind was racing as I imagined seeing both of these hot women in soaking t-shirts, their breasts clearly visible through the wet fabric as they gyrated in front of me.
"I guess that look says it all," Kate said as she got up off the couch. "He's already painting a mental picture of us with our boobies bouncing. I bet he's already getting hard!" Kate gave my crotch a quick grab, and kissed my mouth before announcing, "I'll do it, but only if the boys strip to their undies. It's only fair that we girls get to ogle a bit while you boys drool over us!"
Steve was sporting the same look as I as we both nodded to signal our acceptance of Kate's demand. Jan grabbed onto one of her bags and the two girls bounced into the bathroom, while Steve and I stood and got out of our clothes. Thankfully, I still had half a glass of wine and a pretty good buzz to help me deal with the fact that I was sitting across from another guy dressed only in boxers waiting for both of our wives to come out and show us some T&A.
Jan opened her bag and handed Kate a t-shirt. She explained that she always has several on hand because she prefers them to pajamas. "I think we should go out in our panties. The boy's are down to their shorts and I think they'll go nuts if we ditch our pants too." Jan quickly lifted off her shirt and undid her bra before Kate even had a chance to respond to the suggestion. Jan was down to just a pair of "hot pants" style panties when Kate finally freed her 34Ds from her black laced bra. Jan sucked in a breath, "It's no wonder you won, your breasts are absolutely beautiful."
Kate blushed as she kept undressing. Both girls were now wearing only their panties and could not stop themselves from caressing each other with their eyes. "You know, I've been to a few wet T contests over the years, and they are almost always won by girls who make-out on stage." After acknowledging that wasn't the case with Kate's win, Jan tried to sound nonchalant, "Maybe we should try it and give the boys a real show. Every time I've been at one of those things, nearly all of the guys are screaming to see some girl-girl action."
Kate's response caught Jan by surprise. "Well, if were going to put on a performance, maybe we should rehearse a bit." Kate shuffled up next to Jan, her hand brushed against Jan's arm as she slowly moved closer to the other woman. Just before their lips touched, Kate whispered to Jan, "I've always wondered what this would be like."
They kissed softly, then Jan took the lead an opened her mouth slightly, allowing their tongues to connect. Kate moaned and pulled Jan tight against her, pressing their breasts together, as they continued their passionate kiss for the next minute or so. When they finally broke it off, Kate's hand had migrated to the side of Jan's gorgeous ass and Jan was breathing hard.
"Oh yeah, they'll like that!" Jan sighed as gave Kate a quick peck and grabbed her t-shirt. "I made out with another chick in college on a dare, but it wasn't like that. I am so fucking horny right now, I'm ready for just about anything!
Kate just smiled and asked, "Should we get them wet now, or pour water on ourselves in front of the men? I think it would be a big turn on if they watched us get wet," which prompted both girls to start giggling loud enough that Steve and Jake could hear them on the other side of the door.
Jan filled up a pitcher in the sink, "I think we're going to make them watch lots of stuff tonight." She gave her hair a quick brush, patted Kate's ass, and yelled out to her husband, "We're not coming out until we hear some music we can to dance to!"
"You got it!" Steve yelled out as he jumped off the bed and fumbled with the TV remote and searched for a decent music channel. He finally settled on one called "Rockin' Dance Fever" and cranked up the sound. Steve looked over at me and shrugged, "It ain't what I like, but the girls will have to try not to shake their stuff for us with this shit blaring."
He was right. Jan came out first, with her still dry t-shirt covering her panties, but exposing her sexy legs. She slowly swayed her hips and raised her arms into the air, which allowed both Steve and I to glimpse her skin tight panties underneath the shirt. Jan looked toward the bathroom door and gestured at Kate to follow her into the room, where both of us men were perched on the edge of our seats in anticipation. Kate slowly ventured out, not really dancing, but still managing to sensuously swing her bra-less breasts. Jan was getting into the thumping dance beat, gyrating her hips and pushing her tits together by running her hands along her sides. It was getting very hot in that room.
Without saying a word, Jan scrambled into the bathroom and then came out holding the full pitcher of water. Standing in front of the still swaying Kate, she poured the liquid onto the front of her own shirt, causing the fabric to cling tightly to her boobs and her nipples to harden. The wet shirt clearly revealed her beautiful figure. Jan's breasts were medium in size, but their perkiness more than made up for the lack of volume. Now, it was Kate's turn. My cock swelled inside my boxers as my wife slowly poured the rest of the water on herself. Her t-shirt must have been made from a thinner fabric because it was now nearly see through. Kate's nipples were clearly visible and it was easily apparent how she had won that contest in her college days.
The scene had left me speechless, but Steve became boisterous. He kept yelling, "skin to win," and "take it off," as the girls took turns dancing in front of each of us. First, Jan stood in front of her husband and Kate was closest to me, but after a few minutes they swapped positions, which turned the heat up another notch. With Kate in front of him, Steve was begging her to lift her shirt. Kate shook her head at first, but Steve's enthusiasm and her ample intake of wine had loosened her up. My wife looked right at me before she slid her hands up the front of her soaking shirt and cupped both of her breasts in her hands and began tugging on her already hard nipples. Then she reached down for the bottom of her t-shirt and slowly lifted it, revealing her sexy black panties and her mid-section. She went as far as exposing the bottom of her bosom before she brought the shirt back down and resumed her seductive dance.
While Steve was getting a show from my wife, I kept two-thirds of my attention on his goddess of a spouse. Jan was swinging her hips back and forth and sliding her t-shirt up and down to give me peaks of her panties and bellybutton. When Jan was sure she had my full attention, she turned around and bent over, giving me a up close view of the most beautiful ass I had ever seen. Her panties were tight enough that the contour of her pussy lips was clearly visible. My cock was now completely erect and was conspicuously poking against my shorts. I finally managed to look Jan in the eye after she straightened up and turned around. The bulge at the front of my underwear had caught her attention and it was easy to see her gaze was locked on my hard-on.
I guess it was a competition, because Kate had also noticed the growth in my shorts and apparently decided she needed to elicit the same reaction from Steve. My wife took her sexiness controls and turned them up to 11! She began moving her hips in the same way she would if she was on top and riding my cock. Her hand drifted from her breasts south to her crotch, pushing the wet shirt against her panties and making it appear she was rubbing herself. Hell, maybe she was! Kate then lifted her shirt, this time not stopping at the bottom of her tits. She pulled it up over her boobs, and allowed them to swing naked for a few seconds before dropping the soaked cloth to cover the beautiful sight. The first time she did it fast, the second was slower, and the third was deliciously drawn out, which left her breasts out in the open long enough she might as well have just taken the shirt completely off.
Steve was going nuts. After Kate leisurely brought her t-shirt back down and completely covered her chest and panties, he started pleading..."Oh come on, don't stop now! My God Jake, you get to fondle those beauties? I'm so fucking jealous. Kate, please just take it off and leave it off so I can memorize the sight."
It was time for Jan to act. She went to the middle of the dance area, more or less forcing Kate a bit to the side. Her hands caressed her boobs over her shirt, then lifted it off her body. Jan was now only dressed in her hot-pants undies, which were also pretty wet in certain spots. She wasn't finished yet. Jan squeezed and fondled her breasts, pulling and twisting her nipples before her right hand slid down to the top of her panties. It kept going. She pushed her fingers under the elastic at the top of her last stitch of clothing and very clearly touched herself, running one of her fingers between her pussy lips. I couldn't say for sure, but I was pretty certain Jan put that finger inside herself before she brought her hand back up and made a show of licking her fingers.
What in the fuck was happening? I wasn't sure, but I also didn't want it to stop.
Jan then reached over, grabbed Kate by the waist with both hands and pulled her so both women were facing each other in front of both Steve and I. Kate had stopped dancing and stood motionless as Jan reached over to her and pulled the wet t-shirt over my wife's head. Kate and Jan were topless and breathless as they brought their lips together and began to make-out. Their lips were open and I could see their tongues flick back and forth. Kate put her hands on Jan's hips and aggressively pulled the other woman's body against her own. Jan positioned her legs slightly apart and Kate's upper thigh was pressed against Jan's covered pussy as Kate's right hand slid down and squeezed Jan's ass, pushing her even tighter against Kate's leg. If they were faking being turned on, it was convincing as hell. I had heard Kate moan many times during our lovemaking, and that was the sound that was reaching my ears as I witnessed my lover engaging in some very hot girl-on-girl action.
Jan broke off the kiss after several minutes and directed her smoldering gaze at my raging hard-on and then to her husband. She gave Kate's neck a little nibble and then whispered in her ear.
"I don't know Jan, I'm not sure if Jake would go for that." Kate was clearly conflicted over whatever Jan had suggested.
"Why don't you ask if it would be Okay? Jan looked at me as if I already knew the question. "I'll bet Jake would have no problem with you letting Steve play with with your boobies if I gave him a little lap dance to keep him occupied. Isn't that right Jake?"
I gulped a breath before I answered, and then I could only nod my head to show my agreement with Jan's assessment that I would, indeed, be okay with another man fondling my wife's tits as long as she rubbed her ass and pussy against me while I watched. This was getting nuts.
My response was good enough for Kate. She turned toward Steve, who was now sporting a big shit eating grin. She came close and leaned over so her breasts would be in easy reach of his hands. Jan made her way to the couch and began her promised performance by swinging her ass in front of me, just inches above my aching cock. It became very difficult to track the coming sequence of events. All I know for sure is that Steve's hands were all over my wife's tits while his wife was bent over in front of me rubbing her gorgeous bottom against my knees and thighs. I heard a moan escape from Kate and caught a glimpse of Steve gently twisting both of her nipples as he hungrily devoured her boobs with his eyes.
Jan stood up, turned around and slid her nearly naked body up against my legs. I could feel the dampness of her panties as she rubbed her pussy against my thigh. Her perky breasts were within my reach, but I was still unsure if the rules of whatever crazy shit game we were playing would allow me to put my hands to good use. While I was still debating whether I should squeeze Jan's boobs, I heard what sounded like a gasp coming from Kate. I whipped my head around, worried that something was wrong, but instead saw a look of ecstasy on her beautiful face as Steve buried his face into her bosom. He had completely engaged his mouth in the task of licking and sucking her nipples, while his hands caressed and squeezed those awesome boobs.
My attention went back to Jan, who appeared to be mesmerized by the sight of her husband's obsession with my wife's tits. Seeing no reason to hold back, I lifted my hands to Jan's chest, first cupping and then squeezing her breasts. I had become accustomed to the soft fullness of Kate, but I found myself thoroughly enjoying Jan's firmness. Her boobs were just over a handful and responded beautifully when I pressed them together to recreate the cleavage I spied in her blouse at the restaurant.
Steve continued his oral feast on my wife's chest as Jan dismounted from my thigh and completely straddled my midsection. Her pussy was now pressed against my hard-on as she resumed her gyrations. I moved my hands away from her tits and let then slide down her sides. I was finally going to grab that hot ass!
Jan's gyrations against my cock had grown stronger and all of our breathing quicker when she became the first to speak in over five minutes. "Kate, I can tell you without any doubt that Jake is as hard as a rock. From here it looks like Steve is hard, but could you check to make sure?"
Kate did not even hesitate. Her hand shot down to Steve's crotch. I thought she was going to feel him through the fabric, but she pushed her fingers under the waistband of his boxers and grabbed onto his cock. Steve's was sucking on Kate's right nipple while his left hand played with her other boob and his right hand was squeezing her ass.
"Oh yeah, he's plenty hard." Kate responded to Jan's query as she began stroking his hard-on and gave no sign that she planned to remove her hand from Steve's crotch in the near future.
Jan watched my wife playing with her husband's cock and pressed her hips harder against mine. I now had both hands on her ass, pulling her even tighter against me and I even began to push a finger toward the bottom edge of her panties in hopes of sliding it into her wetness.
That's when Jan made her second request to my panting wife. "Kate, Steve has a fantasy I can't fulfill. He has always wanted a titty-fuck, and I'm just not built for it. I can't believe I'm asking you...but would you do the honors?"
"You want me to rub your husband's cock between my tits?"
Even I could tell it was a purely rhetorical response! Kate pulled her boobs away from Steve's hungry lips, stood him up, and pulled down his boxers. She then guided him back to a sitting position with his legs far enough apart she could maneuver herself into position. Kate had only done this with me a few times, and somehow it was hotter watching her perform it on another man while I slowly slid my finger under his wife's panties and into her soaking pussy.
Steve's fully erect penis was pointed straight up toward Kate's chest as she held her boobs together and formed a sandwich with his cock between her two breasts. Steve moaned loudly as soon as Kate began rubbing her tits up and down the shaft of his cock. I don't think either of them were even aware that I had begun finger fucking Jan, whose sounds of pleasure were nearly as loud as Steve's. Jan continued her gyrations against me and even stuck her nipple in my face a few times, allowing me to suck and lick her as my finger circled her clit.
That's when I saw Steve thrust his dick up against my wife's chin. I think I would've done the same thing if my cock was being rubbed between two beautiful breasts with a woman's lips just inches away. I don't think Jan saw it at first, but my eye's were focused on my wife when Steve pushed his hips up a second time and his cock shot up past Kate's chin. This time, her tongue shot out and made contact! Steve did it again, and Kate had her tongue was ready. It left a little saliva at the head of his cock and part way down the shaft as Steve's desire took control.
Jan finally saw what was happening, and with my finger inside her body and her pussy furiously rubbing against my member, Jan sounded almost exasperated when she blurted out, "Just go ahead and suck it!
Did I really want this to happen? My wife apparently did. Kate waited maybe two seconds after Jan's outburst before she opened her mouth and swallowed the top of Steve's cock. She kept the base between her boobs, but swirled her tongue around the tip and then licked the shaft before pulling the entire 7 inches as far as she could manage down her throat.
Watching action across the room, Jan pulled herself off my lap and away from my fast moving finger. She reached down and actually ripped my underwear off my body, got down on her knees, put her right hand around my penis and proceeded to give me the best blow job of my life. Kate is good at it, but Jan was a master. She kept her tongue and mouth synchronized with her hand, which she used to stroke me between my penis' journeys into her inviting mouth.
Once again, I got the impression the girls were engaged in a competition. Every time I made a sound that communicated my intense pleasure, Kate would increase the tempo of her work on Steve's cock. She would deep throat him, then spend time licking his head and then the shaft to make sure Steve's moans were as loud as mine. I wasn't sure which of us would blow his load first.
It was something Jan said that finally set me off. She pulled her mouth off my dick, but kept stroking with her right hand when she announced, "I want you to cum on her tits."
Steve and I responded in unison, "What?"
"I want you to cum on Kate's tits." repeated Jan, who kept her hand moving up and down the shaft of my cock.
This time only Steve spoke, "Why do want me to do that?" He sounded both surprised and a bit shocked at his wife's request.
"Because I want to lick it off of her."
Both her matter of fact tone, and what she said pushed me over the edge. My mind's eye saw her sensuously licking Kate's breasts and triggered a boiling feeling in my balls. Jan must of have picked up a vibration through her hand because she quickly clamped her lips around my cock just before I let go and shot streams of cum into her mouth.
"Oh fuck...oh fuck..." That's all I could say as the orgasm shook me to the core.
Watching his wife swallow my cum must have been the trigger for Steve. Within 30 seconds of my explosion he pulled away from Kate's mouth and she leaned back to accept his attempt at meeting Jan's request.
Steve's vocal response to cumming was even less original than mine. He just hollered out, "Holy Shit!" and aimed his cock toward Kate's boobs. The stream of cum landed right on the top of her left breast and stretched across the nipple and down to her belly button. A second spurt caught a little of her right boob, but most of it landed just above the top of her panties.
I wasn't all that turned on by the sight, but that quickly changed as Jan followed through and made a beeline to Kate. First, she took time to kiss her lips and asked Kate if she could taste my saltiness. Then she nibbled her way down my wife's neck and swooped down to gently lick off the little glob of cum on her right tit. Jan also gave Kate's right nipple a little attention before she got to the main task of cleaning up her left boob. It was something I never thought I'd witness. This super hot babe was sucking and licking her husband's jizz from my bride's chest, savoring every morsel while adding to Kate's already aroused state. After both boobs were completely licked clean, Jan got to work on the stretch of belly that still had traces of Steve's seed and lowered her face to the tiny blob that was at the edge of Kate's panties.
I was already beginning to feel the beginnings of another hard-on when Jan signaled her lick job wasn't finished. She tugged at Kate's panties, which she slowly slid down as Kate lifted her hips off the floor. The sexy black undies were pulled down her legs and past her feet, leaving my wife completely nude. Jan pushed Kate's knees apart and crawled back up her body, planting kisses along the way. The girl's lips met again, and Jan lowered her body against Kate's. The two women exchanged passionate kisses and caressed each other for several minutes before Jan began making her way south for a second time.
Each breast was given some more attention from Jan's luscious mouth before she slid down my wife's belly and pushed Kate's legs open wide. Jan was still positioning herself between Kate's legs when my wife thrust her hips up off the carpet and pushed her pussy towards Jan's mouth. My wife had never really expressed any interest in another woman, but here she was making it extraordinarily clear that she wanted to be eaten out by this beautiful blond she had only known for a few hours. Jan dove right in. She placed her mouth against Kate's pussy and pushed her tongue inside her before she pulled back slightly and licked the entire length of Kate's soaking vagina. Jan flicked her tongue against her clit, then sucked on Kate's little button, which triggered a long moan of pleasure from my wife. Kate had been up on her elbows watching Jan perform her magic, but after having her clit sucked, Kate laid back and started fondling her tits and pinching her nipples as Jan worked her closer to climax. I've seen my wife cum many times, but the orgasm she experienced with Jan was the most explosive I've witnessed. Kate's moaning grew higher pitched and she was rhythmically lifting her hips before she started thrashing around. Jan had a hard time staying in contact with Kate as her body was wracked by waves of pleasure.
"Oh God, Oh God," she kept repeating while Jan repositioned herself so she was able to keep her tongue in contact with Kate's soaking pussy. Finally, my freakin' hot wife began to calm down and was simply moaning when Jan wrapped up her first-ever foray into eating pusy. Kate was still breathing hard and was coated with sweat when Jan slithered back up her body and gave her another sensuous kiss.
Jan had positioned herself so she was able to rub her pussy against Kate's thigh. It quickly became very obvious Jan was looking for some attention to her privates. She was practically humping Kate's leg when my wife surfaced from her orgasmic haze and got the hint. Kate grabbed onto Jan's ass and rolled her over so she was now on top. To this day, I'll never forget the sight of my wife kissing, licking and nibbling her way down this other woman's body. She must have spent a couple minutes on each of Jan's nipples, which prompted her to push her hips up against Kate and put her still covered pussy in contact with my wife.
"Oh, God...I can't take it anymore...lick me...please lick me." Jan's voice had become very breathless as she begged for Kate to go down on her.
"Hmmm, I still have some territory to cover before I can do that." Jan mouthed against Kate's belly. My wife's not a sadist, and while she continued her leisurely pace of licking and kissing Jan's flesh she also extended her right hand beneath the waistband of Jan's hotpants panties and used her fingers to relieve some of Jan's tensions
"Oh yeah, that's good...right there...don't stop." Jan had her left hand on her boob and was twisting the nipple, while her right hand was on top of Kate's head, pushing her toward her crotch.
Kate must have decided her teasing had gone on long enough. She shifted her position and put both of her hands to work pulling Jan's panties off her hips and down her legs. My cock was hard again, and it visibly twitched when I first glimpsed Jan's pussy. If you didn't count women I'd seen while viewing porn, it was the first completely shaved and smooth vagina had I had ever seen.
Jan also seemed transfixed by the sight and bluntly asked Jan, "Do you always keep your pussy bald?"
"No, this is the first time I've tried it. Steve has been bugging me for years to shave it and this trip seemed like a good time to give it a shot. Now, shut up and lick it!" Jan was laughing when she ordered my wife to dive into her.
It was an awesome thing to witness. Jan had her legs completely spread wide and Kate was on all fours with her tongue busy as could be lapping at Jan's juices. I absentmindedly starting stroking my cock and saw Steve was doing the same. Jan was moaning loudly and squeezing her tits when she glanced at me and saw my hand around a very hard dick. She shifted her eyes to Steve, who was now on his knees behind Kate's ass and was taking in the show from a different vantage point. I could see juices literally dripping from my wife's cunt and I spoke the words before my mind had a chance to process what I was saying.
"Go ahead Steve, fuck her doggy style. I can see she wants it."
Kate refrained from her licking just long enough to look at me with pure animal lust in her eyes. She didn't say a word, but before she went back down on Jan's pussy she lifted her ass up higher and opened up her legs to offer herself to the husband of the woman she was pleasuring.
Jan encouraged him, "Do it Steve, fuck her hard. Don't worry about me. I'm going to ride Jake as soon as Kate finishes her job...." He voice trailed off as Kate made her tongue into a hard point and circled it around Jan's engorged clit.
It turns out Steve didn't require Jan's encouragement. He positioned himself behind my wife and plopped his meat onto her lower back. That elicited a moan from Kate and an even sexier sound from Jan. Steve then grabbed his cock, slid it down past Kate's asshole and straight into her gushing pussy. He slowly slid forward until his balls were up against her and then pulled back before taking another plunge.
Kate met the second thrust with a backward motion of her hips. She lifted her mouth from Jan's cunt and nearly yelled, "Put it in me! Fuck me with that cock! Fuck me hard!"
I had never heard Kate begged to be fucked, but then again, I had never seen her give another man a BJ until he came on her tits and then had that man's wife lick her clean and eat her pussy before she went down on the other chick. The whole scene was surreal.
Steve did in fact fuck her hard and Jan's moans became more and more intense with each of her husband's thrusts into my wife's pussy. It probably only lasted two or three minutes before Jan screamed, "I'm cumming...oh fuck I'm cumming!"
I could actually see pussy juice coming out of her and soaking Kate's face. She gave Jan a couple more gentle licks and Steve slowed the pace of his humping while Jan slid away from Kate and turned her attention to my swollen rod. She stood up straight and gave me a chance to take in her beauty before she slowly padded across the carpet to the couch where I had been watching the threesome and pleasuring myself.
"You ready?"
I nodded my head vigorously, but didn't say a word as Jan straddled me with her pussy positioned above the tip of my twitching penis. She then took both my hands and guided them so I was gripping her ass before she slowly lowered herself onto me. She was so fucking wet.
Steve and Kate had resumed their hard fuck a few feet away as Jan's pussy swallowed by cock. Her pelvis was pressed against mine and I squeezed her ass cheeks, causing her to pause for just a second before she started to wildly move her pussy up and down my member. Her modest tits were right in front of my mouth and I took turns sucking each of her nipples. Jan's breathing was becoming ragged from the workout, but she managed a small squeak when I pushed my index finger against her butt, where I found the hole was already greasy with the flow from her pussy. Kate would often respond when it put a finger into her ass while we made love, and Jan's response was similar. It pushed her over the edge.
"That feels sooo good...oh yeah baby...hmmm...oh' fuck....I'm cumming!!!!"
Jan's exclamation must have had an effect on Steve and Kate. I could hear her panting and Steve grunting before the sounds of their flesh pounding together slowed and my wife let out a long sigh.
I still wasn't done. I needed to cum inside this chick. She was leaning back and tossing her hair around as I kept the pressure on her ass and she kept bouncing on my cock. I truly believed I was experiencing the wildest sex of my life when a I felt a new sensation in my groin and Jan began to squeal.
Kate had crawled across the floor and was now licking my balls and the shaft of my cock while I was fucking Jan. Her reaction made it clear that Kate's tongue must have also been making contact with Jan's pussy.
I'm usually fairly quiet when I orgasm, but this time I hollered, "ohhhhhhhh God....holy fucking shit," and even added an "agghhh" with the final spurt of cum into Jan's pussy.
Jan let out a howl as Kate's tongue did its magic on both of us. It was the most erotic sound I've ever heard and rang in my ears for several minutes after she slumped against my sweaty and heaving chest. I held her close, while Kate came around and sat down next to us on the couch. She hugged us both and kissed Jan and I fully on the lips. After a few seconds, Steve helped disentangle his wife from our arms and the two of them stood and lovingly hugged each other.
They were still embracing when Kate and I gathered our clothing and got dressed. The goodbyes that followed were heartfelt. We knew we would likely never see the other couple again, but that incredible night still remains fresh in our memories. Kate will often bring it up when she's feeling frisky, and I'm damn sure I'll never turn down another request from my wife to accompany her to dinner when a consultant comes to town.