Hubby had left the studio, to leave me and the guys to catch up on old times. I was kneeling on the small stage with spunk dribbling out of my ass, still dressed in my high heels, black stockings and underbust corset. I looked liked a porno slut and I had certainly behaved like a porno slut.
Hubby had watched and willingly took part in my slut revival. It had been well over 10 years since I last posed as a glamour model for the brothers, and bumping in to Neil, one of the brothers in a lingerie shop, turned out to be better than the nightmare I was expecting. That brief meeting resulted in my hubby becoming an excited voyeur watching me take cock in every hole from other guys, and allowed me to willingly perform any depraved act they wished.
I'd sent hubby home as I wanted to enjoy Neil and Tom with no distractions and I wanted the added bonus of hubby having some jealous twinges to keep him on his toes.
I didn't want to feel as though I was putting on some glorified sex show, I wanted fucked!
Neil stepped forward and handed me a small towel.
"Something to clean up the spunk!" He smiled.
"Why don't you wipe it away and then I'll go clean up and change into my stockings, garters and quarter cup bra! All in sexy shiny black!" I smiled seductively, handing the towel back to Neil.
Neil wiped my pussy and ass with the soft towel, mopping the three loads of spunk out of my ass and pussy. The gentle wiping of the towel was arousing my pussy and ass, making my unfaithful holes want filling with the cocks of the brothers..
"Why did you send him home?" Neil enquired, regarding my hubby leaving.
"I want to fuck you and Tom with no distractions other than you two and me pleasuring each other!" I smiled "Remember how we used to fuck each other after the crowds had gone?"
"How could I forget!" Neil laughed.
"I know!" I laughed "Plus getting fuck like this has really worked for me, and judging by hubby's response it's definitely worked for him. I want to get his imagination running and I wanted it so as I could fuck each of you on a one to one basis, and give you myself totally!" I smiled as Neil helped me get off the stage.
"Plus while one of you is fucking me the other can be preparing the DVD of tonight's antics and some of my previous work!" I purred "It will please hubby immensely when I eventually get home, drenched in sweat with spunk spilling out of me, the sexual evidence of my unfaithfulness! I continued with a girlish giggle.
"Some of your early stuff was pretty wild! Are you sure you want him to see those?" Neil grinned.
"If you thought they were wild just wait till you see what I've got planned over the next few weeks!" I stated, walking over to my bag to freshen up and get changed.
I headed off to the Toilet, which doubled as a changing room for the model, cleaned myself up and retouched my make up. I changed into a black shiny quarter cup which hugged the underside of my breasts, pairing this with a high waisted garter belt in the same shiny black material. I'd attached the garter straps to a pair of sexy shiny seamed stockings, in black of course. I finished off my look with a pair of spike heeled black stilettos and a pair of long black opera gloves. Foregoing a thong, exposing my shaved pussy as well as my huge firm breasts, I walked out of the changing room to present myself to the brothers.
"Fucking hell babe, you've got better with age!" Tom said, a smile emblazoned across his face.
Neill picked up a camera and began to shoot snaps of me as I walked across the studio to him and Tom.
"Give me your sultry look. Eyes downward with a sexy smile!" Neil grinned clicking away.
I remembered the exact look he was hoping for and gave the camera my smouldering look, with all of my sexual assets on display.
Both guys were still naked, as I walked all around the studio, posing on desks, chairs, tables and basically anything I could lie on or lean against.
I looked at both guys cocks to find both magnificent specimens rock hard and ready to pleasure me once more.
"Tom will you fuck me first while Neil gets some shots?" I asked Tom in my best girlish manner.
Tom placed his hands around the high waisted garter belt, pulling me closer toward him, as his erect cock slid along my excited slit.
It was as though time had stood still and I was still the young girl who loved to be fucked by the two philandering photographers.
My huge firm breasts were squashing into Toms hairy chest, the hairs tickling and exciting my erect nipples. I raised my face toward his as he brushed his soft lips against mine.
Neil continued taking candid snaps of our erotic embrace, as Tom's hands began to wander and rediscover my body. He cupped my breasts with both hands, gently squeezing the firm flesh, my erect nipples placed between his thumb and forefinger. Rubbing his digits into my nipples I began to groan into his mouth making him fully aware of how much his breast manipulation was arousing me.
He moved his hips slowly, allowing his erect cock to slide back and forth along the excited slit of my shaved pussy. His hard veined cock was gently teasing and exciting my labia, encouraging my pussy to open and receive his cock. His masculine hands went to my buttocks and squeezed my firm fleshy orbs, as he slid his tongue in my mouth. I responded to his actions by sliding my own tongue to meet his and moan approvingly inside his mouth.
Tom's hands began to pull my buttocks apart slowly, making my ass tilt toward him, which made my pussy opening more accessible. His cock slipped between my labia and began to slide inside my cheating cunt. I moved my mouth from his, biting my bottom lip gently, breathing noisily through my flaring nostrils, I looked at Tom through half closed, lust crazed eyes and whispered.
"Fuck me!"
Tom guided me to the bed and removed his cock. Smiling, he placed me on the bed gently as I looked up at him. I opened my legs wide, showing Tom my glistening shaved opening as he knelt between my stockinged legs. Tom rested on his elbows with his pelvis in contact with my own. His lips grazed mine as he moved his hips slowly, positioning the head of his cock at the opening of my wet tight pussy. The tip of his cock slid inside effortlessly making me moan softly, followed by the full length of his cock easing its way deep inside me, making my soft moans become rather vocal.
"Fuck me Tom!" I whispered in his ear as my gloved hands massaged his head.
I raised my stockinged legs upward, resting my heels on his strong back, feeling every thrust as he began to increase his rhythm.
"I've missed fucking you!" Tom whispered into my ear "We never ever got another slut as good or as dirty as you!"
I groaned approvingly erotically aroused by Toms fucking and pillow talk.
"I was only a slut for you guys, but I think I will continue to be a slut for you guys!" I panted "Plus I find it very naughty that I'm a married slut!" I finished, knowing the scenario of fucking a guys wife was exciting to the brothers, but fucking a guys wife while he watched almost blew their fucking deviant minds.
"It did bring a new spin to the proceedings!" Tom whispered in my ear "It was horny to fuck a mans wife as he watched, telling him that she's a dirty slut whore who loves cock!"
I ground my pussy on to his cock and smiled.
"Well I am a dirty slut whore and I do love cock, now fuck me like the married cheating cock hungry slut that I am!" I panted softly in his ear "It's so good to be back here again, being a cheating married porno slut and fucking you guys!"
I moved my stockinged legs further up Toms back, making my pussy even more accessible. Tom plunged his cock as deep as it would go, banging against my cervix, forcing me to breath deeply as the first pleasurable surges of orgasm flushed through me.
"Oh Fuck I'm coming!" I panted "Fuck me like my husband couldn't!"
"Come on my cock you cheating dirty whore!" Tom snarled.
"YES!" I moaned loudly "I'm a cheating dirty whore! Fuck me!"
Tom began banging my cunt with such ferocity, female ejaculate gushed out of my pussy and sprayed his stomach with my creamy orgasmic fluid.
"Come up my ass!" I panted, knowing Tom was almost at the end of his tether.
Tom removed his cock from my pussy and with no resistance, he thrust his length deep inside my asshole. He made no more than six deep strokes when I felt the familiar heat of his spunk squirting inside my asshole. With each squirt he delivered a deep thrust growling.
"Take my spunk you slut!"
I stretched my arms over my head and squirmed slightly. Toms cock was deflating inside me as we enjoyed a somewhat romantic post coital kiss. Unbeknownst to me, Neil had handed the spunk riddled towel to Tom, to wipe any residual semen away. I felt Toms cock easing out of my asshole as the fluffy towel began to move around my pink puckered ring, collecting as much of Toms spunk as was possible. I squeezed downward, pushing as much of Tom's spunk out of my ass and onto the towel.
Tom climbed off the bed, grabbing the camera from Neil, he said.
"You fuck her now and I'll download the pics and videos from tonight and a few of her earlier slut days, for hubby to see just what kind of a slut he's married!" He laughed leaving Neil and I to get better acquainted.
I laughed as Tom headed off to the office.
"Your brother hasn't changed has he?" I smiled.
"He's not the only one!" Neil winked "In fact you've got even better if that was possible!"
I blushed at his back handed compliment as he offered his hand out to me.
"Come on off the bed. I want my dirty lap dance!" He smiled, his white teeth gleaming under the studio lights.
Neil sat in a chair he'd pulled over close to the bed. His erect cock was thrusting upwards as I straddled his thighs, easing myself down until the head of his cock was at my opening. My eyes rolled with pleasure and with what was to come. I looked into Neils eyes and slowly slid down his magnificent length.
"I'm going to cum inside you and you can take it home and show hubby that his hot slut wife takes other cocks now!" Neil smiled "You never know he may want to play with it!"
The erotic cuckold scenario rushed through my fertile mind, increasing my state of arousal.
I began to ride Neil's cock slowly and deliberately as he cupped my firm breasts. Lifting them up, he leant in and kissed each nipple. Taking the erect flesh into his mouth and gently biting and nibbling my erogenous nipples. My eyes rolled once again at the constant stream of pleasure his cock and mouth were providing. Juices were running out of my pussy and down my stockinged thigh.
My moans were increasing with intensity as he pleasured my pussy to orgasm. I rolled my hips, grinding myself on his cock, feeling the stretching of my pussy. He was making me feel like a woman, a woman who was born to pleasure men. I was enthralled to be the sexual plaything of the two brothers, to serve them sexually in any manner the required. My body was theirs to use in any way they saw fit.
My orgasm was strong and intense as I gave myself spiritually, mentally, physically and sexually to Neil's magnificent cock.
Riding his cock, I was panting continuously.
"Fuck me! Do to me what my husband can't!"
Neil snarled at me.
"I'm coming!" Holding my waist, forcing me down on his cock, as his delicious hot spunk squirted inside me.
I rode his deflating cock slowly, enjoying the remaining shudders of orgasm as his cock slid out of me. I kissed him deeply and whispered.
"I'm so pleased we bumped in to each other today!"
He smiled his wicked smile and whispered.
"You'll be here at least twice a week and we'll get as much cock along a we can!"
I smiled excitedly just as Tom returned with two DVDs in a case.
"These should either have hubby spunking like a madman or send him insane with shock and jealousy!" Tom laughed handing me the package.
I giggled nervously remembering some the things I used to get up too, that hubby will now have the privilege of witnessing.
"There's tonights action, some of your earlier works and loads of pics me and Neil have taken of you over the years!" Tom smiled "And I have to be honest, you look so much better now!"
"Aren't you guys sweet! So when do I get those cocks fucking me again?" I smiled sexily.
"We'll start next Tuesday if you want! Bring loads of underwear and bikinis. If you're a size five shoe we have a nice selection of thigh length boots, other than that bring your own high heels!"
By a wonderful stroke of luck I did indeed wear a size five shoe and began to get a little excited at the thought of thigh length boots.
I liked the idea of posing naked in thigh length boots and the notion of getting fucked into oblivion while still wearing the sexy boots was making my pussy tingle. I know hubby has a thing for thigh length boots, so I'll keep it a surprise, in fact I won't bring him along and it will send him crazy with jealousy when he sees the video and photographs of me wearing the thigh length boots and getting fucked in all holes.
That should push a few of his buttons.
"When you're ready I'll drop you off at home and get that blowjob I was promised on your driveway!" Neil grinned seeing the lusty look in my eyes.
I smiled my naughtiest smile at Neil.
"That will send him fucking mental!" I giggled "He'll be desperately waiting for me to return with the video and to hear what you guys did to me without him here! I think I will tell him about the thigh length boots and that he won't be here when I fuck you guys wearing them! Or even better that he wont be the first to fuck me when I wear them!"
"You're a cruel nasty slut!" Neil laughed, helping me on with my coat.
"Loving wife more like!" I grinned "Knowing I'm getting fucked in his all time sexual fantasy will drive him wild, and after tonight's escapades, being driven wild seems to be his sexual preference!"
"Well if it presses his buttons, tell him we're dying to fuck you and DP you when you wear the slut thigh length boots!" Neil winked "Tell him we've invited a ew guests along to photograph you and cum all over you for the finale!"
"I'll be sure too!" I giggled.
"Come on let's go, I want my cock sucked on your driveway!" Neil smiled.
"It will iterate my point when he looks out of the window and sees my head bobbing up and down in your lap!" I giggled, walking out of the studio "Let's go, Ive got some cock sucking to do!"