FINGER FUCKIN IN THE DUNES Game 3
PICTURE THIS
For those not familiar with the Wisconsin side of Lake Michigan, the lake is normally choppy, sometimes with high waves. The lake is filled with what I call assorted potato sized various shaped smooth shiny stones, constantly rolling and changing shapes from eons of churning in the lake. This makes walking in the water and near the shoreline awkward for those with tender feet, like Dollie. Many wear tennis shoes. The beach we'd eventually go to was this way.
The beach I am talking about now is a City Park. A man made beach graded and possibly with sand added. There were even lifeguard stands, patrolled on weekends and busy days. Out in the Lake is a concrete breakwater creating a smooth pool complete with a marked off area for little kids, then a section for non swimmers. I call it the 'FAMILY BEACH'. Mostly young couples and grandparents with little kids and teens go there.
On this family beach there are sections of shoreline with trees and marshy areas meeting the waters edge. Not really as much free beach along the shore as you may think. But even on the Michigan side with a sandy bottom, we only went to walk along the shoreline and sunbath.
I'm thinking the Family Beach had a sand bottom. We'd stop at the Family beach just to people watch and be watched. Then we'd move on north to what I called the GROWN UP BEACH. Usually it had college aged kids, adults, and old retired people, all scattered in various age groups, sort of like it was planned.
Not many kids. Just people sunbathing, cooking on grills, playing games, and other adult beach things. This was where we'd see skimpy swimsuits, sometimes titties exposed from topless sunbathers on their tummy's. But rarely topless or nudies in the open.
Flashing and fondling sometimes happened toward the more remote areas where shrubs and small trees sheltered from the parking lots and other swimmers. Beer may have helped this! I'm guessing this larger beach was several miles north of the college campus, another reason for the cute college kids. A fun beach to play games.
-----------------------
FINGER FUCKIN IN THE DUNES part 3
A short ride north to the beach we knew about, the Family Beach, while talking about Dollie's fresh finger fucked pussy. She had never really stopped having orgasms. That's why we kept towels on the seats.
This time we were on a nearly flat sandy beach along Lake Michigan. No Dunes again. When opportunity knocks we don't look for sand piles. The day was young, the weather perfect, and we'd swam in this location many years before.
During the above pier story and now, I was wearing nothing but a pair of short shorts. For some reason we hadn't planned on swimming so weren't wearing our tiny swimsuits. Yet we were about to walk a beach, girl watchin for me, tit teasin and showing ass for Dollie.
Keep in mind, to attract attention you should look different than others. In this case different for Dollie was that micro mini skirt only and nipple poppin tit flaunting top at the beach. A 45 year old male in short shorts was also different enough!
Except for a few well endowed bikini clad girls, Dollie had more skin exposed than many. Boys, girls, men and women were staring. Some making remarks about her being over exposed.
Dollie was in a blouse and mini skirt being told she was over exposed by young girls in string bikinis, showing most of what tiny titties they had and ample amounts of cute little butt cheeks!
It's all in how ya look at it. Showing most of a tiny tit is no different than showing some of a large one. But it seems people don't look at it that way. We felt good knowing our plan was working and Dollie had that special fresh fucked glow! We didn't need to find anymore finger fucking partners. Dollie had gotten masturbated way more this day than ever in her life.
She was feeling good and had some great experiences. We were no longer looking for her to get fingered . Actually we never planned any of those games but were hoping. When we left camp dressed this way we knew there may be a slight possibility, since she'd be flashing her tits and bare ass while dressed indecently.
It still amazes me that we stayed out of trouble with the law. At least a bikini in these places is reasonable. But it's not everyday you see a grown woman wearing a skirt that exposes her pussy and her ass in public while in broad daylight.
I can remember seeing cops, even waving or saying hello in the past. Maybe not this trip and I'm sure they didn't see what some saw. But it happened. Clean livin I guess!
There were not many places to walk far at this beach. Seems like a college is near, U of W, with a sidewalk near the four lane highway. School was out but playing our kinds of games along a highway near a town is not practical.
I think we only stopped there at the family beach to girl watch and let Dollie show off a bit. Flashing and going topless was not possible. Fondling and fingering sure wasn't gonna happen.
I guess my plan was to find someone interested, then meet someplace else. After all, there were lots of other small parking lots and parks like where we'd just met the biker.
Dollie was definitely attracting horny males. Once again, we discovered that being closer to the lake caused the breezes to lift her loose short skirt. Dollie had to hold it down with both hands. We visited with quite a few young men. Several hinted that they'd love to feel those boobs. A few others mentioned rubbing that bare ass and having sex.
Yep, fishing was good! All I had to do was wait for Dollie to reel a sucker in. She would have made a hell of a prostitute! But I don't think that's legal in most places. I've never read the fine print. What we do we do for fun.
After over an hour, we must have had nearly a dozen offers to meet to play with Dollie's boobs, some by minors. A few men just wanted her to show them her pussy.
After visiting other horny men, we agreed to meet one of them farther north at the larger beach area, a more natural setting. The guy said he was 50. Dollie almost chose that 50 year old and an older guy, thinking two would be safer.
We'd already taken a stupid chance with too many men earlier that day. It's hard to explain. We've always been able to feel who to chose and who to lose! Karma? Or our angel? We also didn't tell the man where we would meet until we got up in the parking lot. Hopefully others wouldn't follow.
I'm really screwing with your minds. Not only were there no sand dunes in this story, there was no finger fucking! In fact for you geographically challenged, as far as I know there are no sand dunes in Wisconsin.
Since these memories just pop into my head and Dollie finds little notes and letters randomly, that's why I write randomly. After all, this ain't a movie or a book.
In my defense, during much of this time period we were camped in Illinois, just below Wisconsin, where we had our very first sand dunes encounters. Actually those are only tiny dunes, and we mostly took advantage of the hollowed out places appropriately called 'blow outs' for our early games consisting of only flashing and getting Dollie's titties fondled while I took photos.
Had she not feared strange cocks back then it would have been neat to called these games BLOW JOBS IN BLOW OUTS. But I digress again.
------------
NOTE THIS...Remember this was summer 1984-85. I was about 45 and Dollie 43. It's what I call our wildest years. That changed again when I retired at 55. Our second wild years were then rekindled!
We have reasons for that which I will explain along with why Dollie was now wearing micro mini skirts and fuller bikini bottoms. Stay tuned. Remember these dates. There may be a test later. There's a reason for everything.
I'm headed north a short drive to the GROWN UP BEACH.