Chris sat there with a horrified expression as he went through the prospectus CFNM had sent Christina. His mouth was half open, and he couldn't believe the things he was reading and seeing. His dream college was very quickly turning into an absolute nightmare.
"I thought you knew about this." Chrissy said in a concerned tone. "This college is very famous for the way it treats its male and female students. There are some who claim it is disgusting, while others hail it as progressive."
"But...But...what the hell!"
"The students in CFNM have a different name for the college."
"And what may that be?"
"Clothed Female, Naked Male!"
Chris felt his head spin. He had not signed up for this.
"This is supposed to be the best college in the damn country." he said, with anger.
"But it is. They have the best faculty. They have the best students. Their infrastructure is much beyond anything any other college has. This college is the best any student wishing to study Neuro Medicine can hope to get."
"This is a joke, right? Please tell me it's a joke!"
Chrissy barely suppressed her smile. Chris was barely containing the urge to run away right then and there. The prospectus lay open in front of him. It was the page advertising the beautiful swimming pool the college was so proud of. The 4 lifeguards stood in front of the pool with wide smiles on their faces, inviting the students to enjoy the facility. But where the photograph had ended at their waists in the prospectus sent to him, the prospectus sent to Chrissy contained a full photograph of the 4 lifeguards and the pool.
The 2 men, one blonde and the other with jet black hair stood stark naked, holding each others' hands in a show of brotherhood. On either side of them stood the pretty female lifeguards in the yellow one piece swimsuit with the DSH logo on their chest. The female lifeguards had their hands around each of the men's waists. Their hands rested merely inches away from the penises. The penises themselves were semi-hard.
Chris still couldn't believe what he was seeing. Why were these two men naked, and why were they so goddamn happy about it! He looked up at Chrissy for an explaination.
"Ok, lets see." Chrissy began. She wasn't even certain that the boys were allowed to see this prospectus. She hadn't given it much thought. "CFNM, as a college, believes that women are better than men. The society which funds and runs the college believes the same. In fact, it's a society run entirely by women, and top to bottom. Men simply aren't allowed. They believe that women are more efficient and more trustworthy as compared to their male counterparts."
"But why are these two guys nude...?"
"Well, the society also believes that men are much more aggressive as compared to women. This is a result of them believing themselves to be superior. So the Society makes it a point to show men that they are in no way superior to women and are, in some ways, inferior. So they limit men's rights to privacy. Being naked and exposed to women, while the women themselves remain dressed at all times, shows them that they have nothing to hide."
"So men swim naked?"
"Stark naked. I have friends at CFNM. I've heard stories. The men not only swim naked, they shower naked in the swimming complex too. Under public showerheads. Basically, men are not allowed to wear a shred of clothing inside the complex. One of my friends was actually telling me that a boy even coming to deliver a notice was made to strip before entering the complex."
"Made to strip?"
"Right in the hallway. In front of anyone who happened to be passing by. One he was completely naked, only then he was allowed to enter and give his message. This guy was in third year, and he was delivering a message to First years, standing nude in front of the entire class of girls and boys!"
Chris felt sick. This cannot be happening to me!
"What else?"
"Look Chris, lets just say that privacy is the least priority at CFNM. Well, male privacy. Female privacy is apparently taken very very seriously, to the point that even a first year girl can get a male faculty member in trouble just by saying that he invaded her privacy. But you don't need to worry about that now, love. You have gotten into the best college in the country. This is a small price."
"So...you might see me naked?"
"Most probably, I'll see you naked within a week. Definitely in the first month. Multiple times. Like I'll see all of my classmates. Maybe not all my female classmates. But definitely all my male classmates. And seniors. And perhaps even faculty members. I hear they don't have much privacy either."
"And you like this????" Chris practically shouted.
"Of course I do!" Christina said with a slight, but adorable smile. "Wouldn't you love for girls to roam around naked in front of you. Wait, maybe you wouldn't. You might just die of awkwardness."
Chris gave a slight smile. Christina loved that smile. She wondered when Chris would realise she was in love with him. That she had always been in love with him. Knowing Chris, perhaps never.
"You are most definitely going to college. And CFNM is the one you will go to!" Eline said to her son, in a much sterner voice than usual.
Chris had proposed to her that he would not go to CFNM, and had changed his mind. Eline was having none of it. She had seen her son work hard for two years to get into that college. He had been beyond excited this morning when he he had gotten the acceptance letter. Now he was changing his mind, and she thought she knew why.
"Is it the nudity?" Eline asked in a calm voice.
Chris stared at his mother incredulously.
"YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT??"
Eline chuckled. While Chris had been engrossed in his studies, she had collected as much information as possible about the college her son dreamt of going to. What she could know, pleased her. She was a big believer in female supremacy, but over the past few years, she had had no time to take it further.
When Chris was yet to be born, Eline wore the trousers in the house. She and her husband worked full time, but the finances were entirely handled by Eline. The household was definitely in favour of women. Eline's husband was not allowed to wear clothes to bed. Through the summers and winters he always slept naked. Eline's sleepwear varied from lingerie to woolens depending on the weather and her own mood. But he had to sleep naked. He was given no choice. When in the bathroom, he was never allowed to close the door. The showers were taken with the door and curtain wide open, and the shaving was done with her husband standing at the sink with his bare ass on display. She loved squeezing that ass while passing by, wearing a robe.
Eline's two sisters, one younger and the other older, were in on it too. It was established very early on in the relationship that the two sisters were to be obeyed at all times. They often stayed over. During such periods, Eline's husband was expected to follow the daily routine as usual. He would wake up naked, have breakfast naked with the three sisters in their robes and then shave & bathe naked with one of the sisters constantly going in and out of the bathroom.
When Chris was born, Eline slowed down the activities, and confined them to the bedroom. She made her husband sleep naked, and intended to do the same with her son. However, when he passed away in the accident, she had to double her work to keep up with the bills. So she decided to do away with the female led household, and decided to treat her son as her equal.
Now, with all the information she had collected on CFNM, her former lifestyle came rushing back to her. When her son would go to college, this would be the life he would live. Treating all females with deference would become the norm, and getting naked in front of them at their whim would become his second nature. Perhaps she could restart that lifestyle at home too. Christina had been accepted into the college too. She would make an ideal daughter-in-law...
"Yes, my darling son. I do know about it. You think I'd send my only son off to college without knowing anything about the college he's going to?"
"Then you're right. They have some major double standards in that place. Do you realize that the boys swim naked with girls, who get to wear suits? Hell, they even sent different brochures to me and Chrissy!"
"You're right. The college seems to stress at every point that girls and women are, in fact, just slightly better than you. They will always get more privacy and more rights than you in that place."
"Then you know why I don't want to go."
"No I don't. So the girls get to see your penis. So what? I daresay I have given you too much privacy around the house. You have been scared to shower and get naked even in all male environments, let alone in front of women. I should have given you less privacy. Maybe an open door policy would have done wonders for you."
"But that's not what college is about!"
"That is exactly what college is about, young man. You need to grow. You need to get out of your comfort zone, and this college will throw you into the wild. You will be forced to get naked in front of everyone. I've heard loads of stories. And I love them all. This is going to help you become a better man, and I'm all for it. I met your father in college, and we followed a very similar lifestyle to the one you will follow in CFNM."
Chris was shocked. His mother was actually enthusiastic about exposing him to the world.
"Oh yeah," Eline continued, "I was in control in this house. After me, my sisters. After them, any female who happened to be in the house. And only after that did your father have any authority here. He was seen naked by everyone from me to the maid. He complained occasionally, but he really had no choice. Deep down, he knew this was right. That being a male, his need for privacy was next to nil. And females deserved to be protected from his gaze. He understood that."
Chris could only stare at his mother. She had never spoken much about his father. And here she was, telling him their intimate secrets. He had no idea what had gotten into her.
Eline continued her speech, "We had even taken a beach trip once, where me, your aunt Lorraine and aunt Jill remained clothed throughout the trip, while your father was naked all the time. He went to the beach naked, he slept naked, he swam naked, he ate naked. Fun trip. Perhaps we will take one sometime."
Chris realized he was going to CFNM whether he liked it or not. He could see it in his mother's eyes. There was a stern authority there he had never sensed before.
"But Chrissy will be there. She might see me..." he offered a last defence, one he knew would never hold.
"Oh, she definitely will. She's a girl. And in CFNM, all girls get to see all boys naked. It's just the way things are over there. She will become extremely familiar with her best friend, as will a lot of other girls. You will just have to Bare it. Now tell me what are the formalities that have to be completed..."