Getting home after the Slut Club promotional trip, Traci just wanted to put on her pj's and slip into a pleasant coma. Don't even bother unpacking or brushing her teeth, she just wanted to recover.
She had been on such a constant high the whole weekend that the sheer amount of cock she'd received had literally worn her out. She wasn't complaining at all, she just needed to recharge.
To save themselves the energy involved with dinner, Pete went to pick up takeout. She hoped she'd be awake by the time he got back and labored to remove her makeup to bide some time.
When Pete got upstairs it was too late. She was lying back, half on the bed and an eye makeup remover pad in one hand. He gathered her up and tucked her in and went downstairs to eat.
He couldn't get over their Friday night bar adventure. He had sold his wife to a table of businessmen and even videoed the gangbang. The fact that it was her fantasy didn't diminish his role in the debauchery. If he hadn't wanted it also it wouldn't have happened. Between french fries he not only got aroused remembering it but thought of having a few friends over for a watch party. Why not? He'd have to run it past Traci in the morning.
It struck him though how far they'd taken their aberrant sex lives. Watching her get fucked by multiple men, often strangers, had gone from 'deer in the headlights' jealousy to excited beyond belief.
After finishing his meal he watched a little of the gangbang video again and masturbated until ejaculating into some napkins and then went up to bed. They would watch it again in the morning.
***
As daylight crept into their morning bedroom, for Pete, so crept doubt about their lifestyle. Seeing her eyes open he asked if they were okay. "What?" she said, barely conscious.
"Are we okay?" he asked, checking in again.
"Ya, I guess so. Why do you ask?"
"Because there seems to be no limit to what we'll do at this point. We're just getting kinkier and kinkier. I mean Friday night we added pimp and prostitute to our resume and I don't know about you but I can't stop watching it."
"I know," she said excitedly, "me neither! It was my fantasy but I didn't think it would turn me on like it did."
"But where do we stop?"
"Why do we have to stop?"
"Because it's literally all we do and think about doing. We don't even see our friends unless we're fucking them. We may have started this to spruce up our sex life but it has completely taken over our lives."
"Pete, I'll ask this again, why do we have to stop? We're adults and we're having a great time together."
"I agree but it just seems like it's taken on a life of its own. Is there such a thing as too much perversion?"
She laughed, "If there is I don't want to know about it. Petey! Did you enjoy watching me get gangbanged by those guys?"
"Yes, and every time I watch the video I get harder than a rock."
"I wanna do it again. No, I don't want to stop I want to do it again. And again after that. As long as we're having fun and doing it together I see no point in stopping. You're getting more pussy than you know what to do with and I'm on a cock fueled orgasmic express. And all of this as husband and wife...so play the video again and fuck me while we watch."
"Wow. Nice summation, counselor. Remind me to bring all my problems to you."
***
"Pete," she said over breakfast, "I know we're doing Slut Wife Club on Saturday but I want you to sell me at a bar on Friday night."
"Gee, Traci, we just did that. Don't you think we should spread it out so it stays fresh?"
"Please, honey, I really want to go and I need this. I even put together a little outfit for it. Stay put and I'll model it for you!"
She dashed upstairs and before he could finish his scrambled eggs she called from around the corner, "Ready?"
"Okay."
"She stepped into the archway with something resembling the slutty farmer's daughter, daisy dukes, traditional plaid top tied at the midriff, unbuttoned for lots of cleavage for the push-up bra. Simple white knee high stockings and black heels and a black cowboy hat topped it off."
"Where you goin?"
"Country honky tonk bar I picked out."
"Is it a compliment or an insult that I think you look like a hooker?"
"That's a very high compliment! I don't want to be too tidy or they won't take the bait."
"Oh I wouldn't worry about that. You look like you've probably fucked every guy in town."
"Perfect!"
"Do you want me to come along?"
"Don't be silly. Of course, I want you along. You're my videographer and full time voyeur husband."
***
Friday night and the place was packed and the music was loud. There was no place to sit so they just stood by the door waiting for someone to leave. A quick scan and there were a whole lot of eyes on Traci.
"One more thing, we can't be shooting for the the big bucks in this place," he whispered to Traci, even though he knew she was doing it for the excitement not the money.
As they were about to give up and go elsewhere they were approached by a guy who offered two chairs at their table. He only looked at Traci when he made the offer so his generosity was predictable. "I'm Trent and my buddy over there is Sam."
Trent ushered her ahead of him to the table and Pete followed him. All the way over Trent never stopped looking at Traci's barely covered ass.
Sam stood up and everyone shook hands and did the introductions and with that came a strange question, Trent asked Pete, "How do you know Traci?"
Apparently there was high anticipation in the answer because as soon as Pete said, "She's my wife," the wind went out of their sails. The disappointment was enough to figure they couldn't dump the boyfriend and leave with Traci. Still, Traci was far too desirable to just give up on so Trent asked Pete, "Mind if I dance with Traci, here?"
"It's fine with me if it's okay with Traci."
"I'd love to," she said in a way that offered a small glimmer of hope and Trent said, "Well c'mon girl, let me take you for a spin!"
Making their way to the dance floor he said, "Never saw you here before."
"That's because I didn't know you'd be here," she said, intentionally setting off stage one of his rocket.
He played a little innocent grab ass to see how far she'd go. He guessed that Pete couldn't see them in the crowd but every once in awhile he'd get a peek.
Back at the table, "Pretty girl, your wife," said Sam, "Not many like her come in here."
"Your buddy seems to like her," said Pete, testing the water.
"Ya, he does."
"What about you? Do you like her?"
"Whaddya mean? Ya, she's a real pretty girl."
"No, I mean are you attracted to her?"
"She's pretty. I'm not going to say something to get myself into trouble if that's what you're aiming for."
"I just wanted to know if you'd like to fuck her?" said Pete bringing the conversation to a dead stop.
Pete continued, "I know your buddy's interested and I'm thinking you are too. In fact, I think there's a lot of guys in this bar thinking they'd like to fuck her. Am I right?"
Pete said it so matter of factly that Sam's brain stumbled a bit.
"What are you saying?"
"I'm saying that for two hundred bucks apiece you and your buddy can fuck my smoking hot wife."
"And she's alright with this?"
"She loves it and if I know Traci I would imagine that your friend has already gotten his dick massaged on the dance floor."
When the band took a break, Traci and an obviously aroused Trent came back to sit down. He gallantly pulled out her chair having been given some possession of her on the dance floor. He didn't care about Pete anymore. Sitting across from her, Trent reached under the table, feeling up her thigh. Traci just smiled. Further proof of the green light. He was on fire. Fuck the husband.
Sam stood up, "C'mon outside, Trent, I wanna talk to you."
"I'm busy," he said, locked onto Traci.
"Just for a minute...c'mon."
"Oh fuck, this better be good!" He tore himself away from Traci and went out the front door. Five minutes later they came back. Trent slapped $400 down on the table in front of Pete who said, "You've got an hour and I'm coming with you to video it."
"I don't give a shit what you do," spit out Trent, "Let's go, girlie."
Trent walked her out while Sam re-parked the truck back deep in the corner slightly beyond the parking lot lights. Trent backed her up against the truck and with both hands ripped her shirt open.
Pete almost stopped videoing and stepped in but held off since Traci was still smiling. Bra and panties were savagely torn from her and their hands were everywhere. Trent took a long look at her naked body, "I'm gonna get my cock's worth outta you, slut!"
Sam told her to turn around and put her hands on the hood of the truck and he said to Trent, "You've got honors. Fuck her, buddy!"
"Oh ya," and Trent pushed his hard one hard into her pink. "Oh shit, she's as tight as she looks."
Traci was on such a high she came almost immediately, "Aw fuuuccccckkkkkk, uhnnnnnnn!!!"
Pete had managed to get down low enough to get shots of Trent's dick sliding in and out of her dripping wet pussy and his balls smacking her ass.
"C'mon, Sam, get in here and ride this girl."
Sam entered her full force and it was all she could do to stay upright, her feet periodically leaving the ground. She held on to the hood ornament.
"Hey, what's going on out here?" said the owner, Billy, as he approached the front of the truck. "I'm getting complaints from some of the custo..." then he saw Traci..."Girl, you're causing me problems but fuck if you aren't fine. I want a piece of this...follow me."
The five of them went to a decent size shed Billy used to store equipment. As soon as they closed the door Trent started fucking her again and while she was bent over Billy took his cock out of the holster and stuck it in her mouth. "Oh shit, ahhhhhhhhh, you boys have been having fun. Suck it good, honey."
Traci orgasmed again, the juices running freely, her moans muted by a mouthful of Billy's cock.
As the men shifted and Billy stuck her pussy he, noticing Pete for the first time, said "Who's this little prick?"
"That's her husband," said Trent.
"Fucking, say what?" Billy laid into Traci so hard it knocked Trent out of her mouth. "Shit, I'm cumming. Watch this, husband," he crowed to Pete, "I'm going to fill this cunt up like a Corvette at the gas station. Uhnnn, fuuuuccckkk, fuuuuccckkk!!!" and he came.
Sam took over and he too left his load in her and then Trent was left still banging away, until rhythmically "every - last - drop - of - uhnnn - cum - fuuuuccckkk!!!!!!"
Finally, he left and the two of them sat exhausted. Traci had nothing to clean herself with so they went back to where the truck was and found what was left of her clothes.
On the drive back home they were mostly quiet. Traci made the closing understatement: "I love cock."
When they got in the house, Pete asked her to sit down. "Traci, we've got to stop the prostitute thing for awhile. Tonight felt way too dangerous."
"But I was fi..."
"No! There were too many variables. I know it excited the hell out of you but at times it scared the shit out of me. No, the reason we joined Slut Wife Club in the first place was to have a safe environment for what we wanted to do. It's organized. When that guy ripped your shirt open I was seriously afraid he was going to hit you. He was mad that he got duped into paying for what he thought he seduced on the dance floor."
"But I was okay."
"But what if next time you're not!? No, the business guys gangbang was risky but somewhat organized. This thing tonight was potentially too dangerous and it was partially my fault for not presenting it all up front. 'This is my wife, she likes to fuck strangers for money. Are you interested?'"
"But I'm loving this. I knew that Trent was mad but it just made him want to fuck me harder. His passion along with that lust, and in a fucking parking lot against a truck, made me cum like crazy. He was like a hungry animal. Oh god."
"I understand, Traci, but we have to be more careful. Do you think I'm just trying to wreck a good time? I'd never forgive myself if something happened to you."
"Okay," she said embracing him, "I know you were worried but let's put the subject away for tonight. I'm tired."
And with that comment he knew she wouldn't stop but, at least for the evening, he was too emotionally exhausted to fight.
***
In the morning, at her urging, they watched the country bar video. She was right, it was electric. Trent dragging her to the truck and ripping off her shirt got Pete rock hard and the subsequent crude, angry fucking of her by the three men was both debasing and irresistibly arousing.
Pete and Traci fucked to the imagery like they were watching premium porn.
***
They joyfully dressed for the evening's Slut Wife Club, feeling somehow freed up from the busy schedule they'd either accepted from the club or created for themselves. They looked forward to seeing friends and as it turned out friends felt the same way.
Even the valet was excited when Traci's magnificent legs preceded her out of the car and he offered his hand.
"Welcome, Traci, you look beautiful as always!"
"Thank you, Russ."
She came sweeping in the hotel door like a rock star and, in the world that lived out their fantasies on the 10th floor, she was. Bellhops, desk staff, even custodial personnel gave a greeting to Traci. The fact that many of them had heard only rumor but had no real idea about the nature of her notoriety didn't harsh her high. She was the 'it' girl and, as usual, Pete kept his place a few paces behind.
Casey led the welcoming cheers: "Glad to have you back, Traci! Please make some time for staff...they've missed you." Then he followed her around like a puppy.
Many familiar faces; Aaron, Ernie, Austin and others asked for attention but Traci was feeling nostalgic about when they first joined and Dan had seduced her. That hookup set everything into motion and opened up a lifestyle that she discovered an endless appetite for.
She took Dan by the lapels and got nose to nose, "Oh Dan, I think it's been too long since I felt that cock of yours inside me. Wanna play?"
"Hi, Dan!" said Pete coming up from behind her. "From the look on your face, I've got the feeling you're going to ask my wife to dance."
"May I?"
"Yes, but I expect appropriate behavior at all times and have her home by ten."
They all laughed as Traci and Dan took off for the dance floor.
In passing the bar, out of the corner of her eye she saw Eric. She hadn't had any contact since she blew him in the grocery store parking lot, and now she relived the shame of breaking the rules. Pete never knew and she didn't want him to ever know.
Turning her attention back to Dan as he slow danced with her, he unbuttoned her satin blouse and his hands cupped her tits quickly. He kissed her and she shuddered. She'd been in such demand since that first night, he'd barely had another chance with her until now.
Pete sat at the same sofa where Dan had first fucked her. "Can I get you something, sir?" said the tall, slender brunette wearing a short black dress with nude cutouts everywhere. She had a Brit accent and said, "I'm taking drink orders, sir. Of course, if there's something else you see that's not on the menu, I might be able to get that for you as well."
He laughed, "I'm Pete." She smiled and there was no doubt about her intention. "I'm Anna. I'll be your cocktail waitress. I'll supply the tail..."
"Mmmmmmm, sounds like something I might be interested in. Is this your first time here?"
"No, I did it last week. I'm Casey's sister-in-law. We're visiting from the UK. Once I found out what he was managing I wanted to come and (laughing) last week I came a lot."
"Where's your husband?"
"Out at a pub having a reunion with old friends. I know what he likes and he knows what I like."
"Sounds equitable. How about a martini, Anna?"
Walking away he thought she walked with an attitude he hadn't quite seen at the club other than Traci. It was a willful, bawdy display of pure sex for every cock in the room to see.
No question, he HAD to fuck this girl.
She returned and set his drink on the table, "Now...See anything else you like?"
"As a matter of fact, yes, I do." He stood and pulled her to him as he reached between her legs. Casey happened to be walking by and leaned in to Pete, "You might need some help taming this cat," and walked away.
"I like lots of cock, please" she said.
Sitting on the edge of the sofa, Anna undid his pants and blew him to maximum hardness. "God I love good hard cock," she said under her breath. "Dinner is served," she said as Pete hurriedly pulled her dress over her raised arms. She had no underwear on so he immediately licked her pussy and sucked her tits that turned out to be surprisingly sensitive.
Pete had playfully twisted her taut nipples and she shivered a bit. He then torqued them harder and she gasped and urged him to "Hurt me, you fucker! Uhnnnnnn (gasp) owwww, (gasp) fuck I'm cummmming."
The wetness trickled down her leg. Pete sat back on the sofa. Anna mounted him cowgirl, enthusiastically pounding on his rod to the point where Pete could just relax and enjoy. "Oh, yes, I love it..." she said, raising her rear up and down.
Across the room, Aaron saw something he could rarely pass up. Sensing opportunity, he dropped his trousers and stroked himself watching them. Every other woman in the room had been used to watching him prepare his monster and hoped it was coming for them.
With Pete's silent consent and without warning he walked up from behind Anna, lubed her hole with a single motion and began to penetrate her. Initially, she had a hard time taking Aaron's thick member, "Oh no! You're too big for my arse...oh god...oh no...oh no...ohhhhhh...yes, baby."
They fucked her in smooth tandem, she moaning with delight.
Austin, who had been talking to Aaron, also wanted a piece of the British slut everybody was talking about. He walked up to her at the back of the couch, stirred his drink with his cock and offered it to her. "Lick it off" he said naughtily and she eagerly licked him and he repeated it two or three times.
"I'd like your cum even better," she said and took him to the hilt and and successfully filling all her holes.
For the next half hour, they fucked Anna every which way until she urged them to cum on her face, "I want to lick all your cocks cleaner than when you got out of the shower."
On her knees in a semicircle, they jerked themselves off, splashing their jizz all over her face and in her mouth. Aaron came lastly and lightly slapped her cheek with his empty tool.
Standing up she thanked them for a "sweet fuck" and they in turn hugged and kissed her. She slipped back into her dress and was taking drink orders in a flash.
Pete went for a casual search of Traci's whereabouts and found her involved with Eric on a sofa behind the bar facade. He didn't think much about it initially but something about the way he caressed her hair and the way she kissed him made it feel different.
Pete got that jealous feeling in the pit of stomach that he thought was long gone.
As Eric buried his cock deep inside her, Traci had the feeling of being made love to. She was very afraid because it was a shared passion.