It was a warm, lazy summer weekend day. Pearl was dressed causally in her cute green shorts and light floral top that had spaghetti straps. The top fell gently over her torso discretely blocking the view of the skin but not the beautiful shape of her body. The cloth looseness allowed deeper glimpses when Pearl moved certain ways; not obscene, but head turning...
She decided to let her playfulness come to the surface today matching the heat of the weather. So she stepped out the front door barefoot with the bracelet on her ankle, and walked next door. The grass was cool under her feet and contrasted with the warm wooden steps as she walked up to the neighbor's front porch. The house belonged to a single neighbor. He was attractive early 30's quiet man.
She had agreed with her husband that part of their playfulness could include flirting and "inadvertently" displaying herself to the neighbor. They had always left the shades up on his side of their house allowing for random opportunities for the neighbor to see Pearl. Opportunities not so much staged, but rather blithely ignoring any thought of covering up. She had cooked for her husband in only an apron, and the kitchen blind remained open for much of the time. She had knelt between her husband's legs in the living with only her thong on. She allowed the hallway shade to remain up for the first few minutes before she asked it to be shut so she could release her desire. Each time such event happened, the deeper and longer she would go. Her inhibitions lessening and her thrill growing.
Today, as she stood barefoot on the neighbor's porch she had decided to act out more directly on this desire of her husband, and she now had to admit, herself as well. She knocked on the front door. The "reason" (or really excuse) for the visit was to ask the neighbor about his hanging flower pots, where he got them and other related questions. True, she really did want to ask about the flowers, but there probably was a less provocative way to do that. After the knock she waited.
He came to his door in shorts and with his shirt open quite surprised to see her there. He had noticed her and as any man would he found her quite attractive in a glowing, sensual way. He spent time with her husband in the backyard having a beer when on occasion she would stop by and say hello. He just never expected to have her come to the door and in such an alluring look.
"Hi!" she said chirpingly; maybe more than she intended to she thought. "I was wondering if I could ask you a question about your flower pots hanging here on the porch."
"Uh...sure" he replied still a little taken aback at her presence, and obviously distracted by her looks. She smiled to herself. She was finding this amusing and more interestingly a little titillating.
She then went on to explain how her and her husband wanted to do something similar and noticed his. More questions were asked and more answers given. The mood relaxed to neighborly banter. She then stood on her tip toes to look into a basked stretching her body upwards and raising her chest. A strap fell off her shoulder. She placed it back on her shoulder without changing her posture or revealing too much, but she noticed that his replies became slightly stuttered for a moment. The playful feeling inside of her enjoyed this moment.
After a few more questions she thanked him. Before leaving she asked, "Now let me get this right, you're a young good looking guy who has nice flowers outside, well maintained house and lives quietly. Tell me you're not gay..." She let the last sentence come out in a sly, conspirator manner ending with a slight tilt of the head and direct eye contact.
He laughed and throw back his head, "No, straight as an arrow here. Sometimes it seems that I am gay with the lack of dates, but life goes on."
"Well, that's good to know. We women are glad to know not all nice men are gay. I mean, personally, it is not the same if you can't get your good looking neighbor to notice you and maybe even smile." She said back with laugh. He smiled.
"Okay, straight boy, gotta run. Thanks for your help". She waved and walked down the steps. Just before she turned to cut across the lawn he leaned over the porch rail and said, "Before you leave one last question...how much would you like to be notice by me?"
Now it was her turn to stutter. After a moment she replied in a joking, but questioning way, "Until I tell you to stop?" She then smiled and walked home. She let out a breath when she entered her house. Once unleashed you never know which path playfulness will take you she mused.