This is a fictional story where all participants are 18 years old or older.
Hello, my name is Sarah, I just turned 18. I am cheerleader, still in high school. I am 5ft 2in with 32B breasts, and shoulder length blond hair. I run just to keep myself fit and it helps me relax as I can be a bundle of energy as my father calls it. Running helps wear me down. My BFF Ashley, who is on the cheer squad with me, will run with me at times, which makes it more fun as we get to talk about everything and anything on the deserted roads outside of town, where we live. Being my BFF, we keep no secrets from each other.
Of course, I still live at home with my family. My father, Dan, gets home from work about 4-pm and as a side business he repairs lawnmowers and the like. He can fix anything with a motor, but using a computer to order parts, he is worthless. He gets me to run the computer for him. My older brother, Brad, is taking a gap year before going to college and currently works at one of the big box home improvement stores. He works second shift, so he gets home late after the store closes. My mother works an 8-5 office job, in town.
I have kissed a few boys, but had not had sex with any of them. I have busted my cherry with my hair brush one night when I was trying to satisfy myself. For now sex with an actual boy is out of the question. The boys I know are that, just boys, not very mature. I cannot see myself having sex with one of them in the back seat of a car or in a field. I also don't want to be the trophy for any of the boys, as every girl that I know who has had sex, the boy blabbed to his friends and they were the talk of the school. This happen to Ashley. She was so upset that everyone in school knew she had sex with Tommy. She was so embarrassed and it took weeks to get over the salacious gossip.
One day as I was sitting in free period in school, staring at the wall. I decided I wanted to be a woman, not a girl anymore. I asked myself what makes a woman? Confidence in herself and her body came to mind. I began to laugh at myself, being short and only weighing 95 lbs, does not instill a lot of confidence in anyone when surrounded by girls who are 5ft 9in, 120-130 lbs.
But my body is great, I think. I know a lot of boys call me a spinner and the looks I get from them, tells me I am desired. I began thinking about how to make myself more womanly. I thought the first thing I needed to do is be more confident about my own body.
When I got home, in my bedroom I took off my clothes and looked in the mirror. I had to admit to myself, I do look good. But do I have the confidence to show it. Looking out my window I could see my father was outside working on his mowers, and no one else was home. So I thought ok, I will go get a snack from the kitchen while naked. As soon as I opened my door and stepped out. I became very nervous and stopped to look around. Even though I knew no one was home, my confidence was completely gone. It was like opening the door to my room let all of the confidence run out of me.
I went back in my room and sat on the bed, contemplating what happen. I told myself, I am a cheerleader, I stand in front of a crowd in a little skirt, I wear shorts and a small top and go running on public streets, but I cannot go naked in my own house. It wasn't logical. I knew then I had to get use to being naked and use to others possibility seeing me, specifically men, as being naked in gym class showers with the other girls does not seem to be a problem.
I began to consider where I could get men to see me naked. The answer was no where other than a strip club and that was not going to happen. Then I thought about my brother and father, they would be safe, but it would be kind of weird, but then again they are family, surely family members see each other naked. Europeans families to go the beach naked together. After all of these thoughts, I reminded myself, I need to get me use to being naked first, before I even consider letting others see me.
I became mad at myself for being such a coward earlier. I looked out the window and my father was still outside. I stood up and used my anger to defiantly walk out of my bedroom and down the hall. Feeling a little better about myself, I went downstairs and as I did, I was becoming nervous again. I kept checking to see that no one was coming, but I held my ground.
After about 10 minutes, I began to get use to all of the sounds I was hearing. Nobody was coming I told myself. I continued to watch for my father, but he made no effort to come in the house. Then I heard the garage door opening, my mother is home. I quickly ran back to my room and closed the door.
Looking in the mirror, my face was all red, I was so embarrassed at almost being caught. However, I was far from actually being caught, it took my mother another few minutes before even coming in the house. I put on my running outfit and left my room with no cares who saw me. Even though my running clothes are skin tight, you can clearly see the form of my body, while my arms, my legs, my back, and my stomach are all uncovered. The barely two square feet of thin clothing gave me all of the confidence to be seen by others. How can this be logical I wondered.
As I passed my mother, I said "I am going for a quick run see you in a while."
Running down the road I began to give myself some goals to get use to my body. I need to get use to being naked when by myself. I was half way through my run and my thoughts were interrupted by my need to pee, which I completely forgot about before I left the house. I began to think about stopping and going behind a tree. Something I never had to do before. It seemed so public, but then I thought about what I had just promised myself.
I looked for a place with trees to hide behind and there were plenty around. I slowed down and went off the road and in to the trees. It was very quiet, other than for some birds chirping and the light wind blowing the branches. Cautiously, I walked till I found a place that afforded me cover from the road. I was nervous again and shook my head as this is so silly, no one is around.
I pulled off my top and the cool May air was felt on my breasts, my nipples instantly became hard. I ran my hand over my nipples and they began to tingle and were now covered in goose bumps. I listened and looked around, not hearing or seeing anybody, I slide my shorts down and stepped out of them. The cool air blew over my sweaty pussy, which left goose bumps all over my body.
I spread my legs and squatted down. Sitting there listening to the birds chirp, was so peaceful. I began to pee and the stream seemed so loud hitting the dry leaves below me, I thought surely someone would hear me, but I had to remind myself, no one else is around.
Finished, I stood up and walked closer to the road. I then heard a car coming, it sounded like it was only a few yards away as I quickly hide behind a tree. However, it took about twenty seconds till the car actually passed me, longer than I thought. I stood and rested against the tree for another couple of minutes, just taking in the fact I was naked in the woods, letting my mind get use to what I was feeling.
I ran my hand over my breasts and my nipples. Then I ran my hand over my pussy, I was so wet, and I knew it was not pee. I had not thought about how being naked would make me so excited. After a few minutes, I put on my clothes and continued running home. I had a grin on my face after playing around nude in the woods. I may have to do that more often, I really liked it, I though to myself.
Once I got home I had dinner with my parents and then worked with my father to order some parts. The next day at school I invited Ashley to go for a run with me. That afternoon when I arrived home from school, I stripped off my clothes and went downstairs. I was not as nervous as yesterday, but still nervous. I did not stay nude too long as I had to meet up with Ashley.
We began running and I told Ashley all about my thoughts and what I did yesterday. Ashley was very quiet and let me finish talking before she smiled at me and then told me, "I know what you mean, I think I am like that, I am happy for you."
That is why I like Ashley so much, she is always very supportive. As we were coming closer to the place where I peed yesterday, I slowed down and pulled Ashley with me.
I showed her the place and then said, "I need to pee again."
I saw Ashley take in a deep breath.
"Go ahead, I will wait for you over here."
"Do you want to try being naked too. I mean, you just told me you are shy about it like me?"
"I don't know, I had not really thought about being naked in the woods."
"For me it is easier to be naked in the woods than at home where someone can walk in on you. Think about it while I pee."
I pulled off my top as Ashley watched from a short distance away. Having Ashley watching me was bringing up a completely new set of feelings I was unfamiliar with. As I stepped out of my shorts, I saw Ashley still watching me. I felt so exposed as I squatted down and began to pee, even though Ashley has seen me naked before in the gym showers.
I could see the pee stream coming from of Sarah's pussy. I have never watched another girl pee before. I thought it would be dirty and disgusting, but it wasn't that at all. I found it very erotic and exciting, being out in the open and all. I found myself staring at her body. Taking in her hard nipples and her labia peeking out from her pussy.
"Do you want to try being naked?"
Sarah talking to me brought me back to reality. "What?"
"Do you want to try being naked?"
I was so enthralled at what I just witnessed, it took me a few seconds to come out of the daze I was in. Sarah is my best friend and I did not want her to feel ashamed, so I shook my head and said, "Ok," even though I was embarrassed about how I was feeling towards her.
I watched as a smile formed on Sarah's face. I pulled my top over my head and my nipples became instantly hard. When I pulled down my shorts and the cold air hit my moist pussy, I got goose bumps all over my body. I almost began to shake, I had to remain calm I told myself. I began to wonder if Sarah knew how aroused I was from simply watching her.
"It feels good to be naked doesn't it?"
"It does feel different, I can feel every small gust of wind on my body."
"Walk around with me."
We began walking around in the trees, not much was said between us. The cold air on my pussy was making me need to pee. I did not want to, but knew I had too, I could not make it home, so I told Sarah, "I have to pee."
I smiled and said, "Go ahead," I was standing about three feet away from Ashley.
I squatted down and looked up to Sarah, then I began peeing. Sarah was watching with a smile on her face. When I stood up, I felt closer to Sarah than anybody I have ever known. No one has watched me pee before.
I could feel things had changed between Ashley and I. When she stood up, I could not stop myself and I gave her a hug. It was awkward, my face was touching her breasts, since she is taller then me. But neither of us pulled away from the other. We stood there holding each other for a minute, then we both realized what we were doing and nervously pulled apart. I said, "Sorry Ashley, I got carried away."
"That's ok, I think we just took our friendship to another level, it was nice," then let out a nervous laugh.
"I know what you mean, I liked it also."
After a few more seconds of awkwardness, I said "We better get moving."
We watched each other as we dressed and then went back to running. We did not talk as much as we ran now, each of us was contemplating what had just happened. We eventually split up and went to our homes. I though about Ashley as I tried to sleep that night, I never thought about having sex with a girl until now.
The next day at school, when I met up with Ashley, we hugged again. I believe we both came to terms with what happen yesterday. We talked for a while before homeroom bell. When the bell rang, I hugged Ashley and she kissed me on the cheek. I asked about going for a run after school today and Ashley smiled and said, "Yes, I would like that."
When I got home from school, I stripped as soon as I was in the door, then carried everything to my room. I was less nervous being naked today at home, but then again I was preoccupied thinking about running with Ashley and the woods. I put on my running clothes and went to meet up with Ashley. We talked as we began to run.
"Sarah, I wanted to say that yesterday was kind of weird, but not in a bad way."
"Oh, how so?"
"Well, I just wanted to support your at first, but once I was naked, I believe that I felt like you do. Being naked in the woods was, I don't know how to say it other than I liked it. I had this feeling, I am not quite sure how to describe it. Today when I got home, I tried your technique and went downstairs naked for a while. I felt completely different, just because I was naked, like you talked about yesterday."
"Do you want to go in the woods again today?"
"Do you?"
"I do, I would like you to be there with me. It was nice with you yesterday."
"You caught me off guard yesterday when you gave me a hug, but afterwords I thought it was nice."
"Do you want to go in the woods here?"
"Ok, I guess it does not really matter where we go, does it."
"Nope, woods are woods."
We both went down the hillside along the road and slipped further in to the woods, but still not far from the road. I began to pull off my top as Ashley watched me. Then my shorts. I looked to Ashley and she had already removed her top and was pulling off her shorts. I told her I had to pee again and Ashley said, "Me too."
Ashley squatted down beside me and soon enough, we both began peeing. When we finished, we stood up and Ashley came to me and hugged me. This time, it was more comfortable than awkward. I was in Ashley's breasts again, one nipple was poking me in the side of my head.
I looked up at Ashley and she looked down to me, then leaned down and gave me a soft kiss on the lips, just a peck. When Ashley began to pull her head up, I reached up and pulled her back to my mouth and we began kissing each other and sucking on each other's tongue. We both knew what the other wanted. I then felt Ashley's hand on my breast and she pinched my nipple. I let out a moan in to Ashley's mouth.
We heard a car coming, and when Ashley looked up, I began sucking on her nipple. Ashley let out a loud moan. Becoming more brazen, my other hand went to her pussy. She was already wet and I began to stimulate her with my hand. She looked down at me and then began to kiss me again. I looked up to Ashley and said "There is something I would like to try," and licked my lips.
I inherently knew what Sarah want to do, I said "Uh-huh, go ahead."
I knelt down and looked up to Ashley as I slowly moved between her legs, then began to lick her pussy. I was unsure at first, but after my third taste of her juices, I knew I liked it and began a full on assault of her sex, fingering and licking her to an orgasm. I thought for sure, someone was going to hear Ashley as loud as she was moaning. When I stood up, Ashley hugged and kissed me.
She pulled me over to a log and had me sit down. She kissed me again, then her hands moved to my breasts and nipples. After several more minutes, she pulled open my legs and began to eat me. My god I never felt anything like it before. I felt my orgasm building quickly. I had my first orgasm within seconds of her tongue touching me and she continued on till I had to pull her away from my overly sensitive pussy. We both sat on the log kissing and hugging each other. As Ashley finally pulled away, a huge smile came over my face.
"Did you enjoy that Sarah?"
"I believe you know the answer to that, but not to leave any doubt, I loved it, and you?"
"Me too."
"I never thought about us together, till yesterday. Now that is all I am thinking about. I don't even care that I am naked in the woods."
"We should probably be going. It's getting late."
"Yea, I don't know how long we have been here, but we surly don't want our parent's to come looking and find us like this, do we."
We kissed one more time and then we got dressed and went back to running. Both of us were smiling and I suggested that we sleep over at each other's house this weekend. Your house on Friday night, my house on Saturday. We both split up and went to our houses for the night.
I was in a state of bliss when I got home. Then my father had me look up some parts for him. Once I finished with my father, I wanted to get a shower. My usual routine was, I would be dressed, go in to the bathroom and take a towel and bathrobe with me. When I returned to my room, I would be in the bathrobe and carry along all my clothes with me. But now, to help increase my confidence, I put just the towel around me and walked to the bathroom. I was so nervous only wearing the towel, but nothing happen and no one was around to see me. I had to remind myself the feelings were all in my head.
After school the next day, I met up with Ashley for another run.
She smiled at me and said, "The woods again?"
I smiled and said, "Definitely!"
Off in to the woods we went and ate each other to an orgasm. As we ran back to our meeting point, Ashley told me that she is trying to be naked at home also. I told her about my trip to the bathroom in a towel. Ashley was going to try that tonight. As soon as I got home from running, my father wanted me to help him find some parts again. Sitting in my room with him beside me, had me nervous, as I could smell Ashley's scent on me. I hoped he didn't notice. As soon as we finished I headed for a shower and came back wearing the towel again, with no one seeing me.
The next day after I got home from school, my father was waiting for me to help him with parts. He wanted to catch me before I left for Ashley's. He had come in my room, just after I had pulled on my top, a few seconds earlier and he would of seen my breasts. I had left my door open while I was changing and that gave me a few ideas of how to be caught naked, when the time was right. I walked to Ashley's house which is about a mile and a half from my house.
Once I dropped my clothes in her room, Ashley asked, "Do you want to get naked for a while."
We had a few minutes before any of her family came home. We both stripped quickly and ran around in the house. In the kitchen, Ashley had me sit on the counter and just began licking my pussy, when we heard a car pull up. We both took off for her room and dressed, then left for our run. We did not stop in the woods today as we have all night together in her room. When we got back to the house we wanted to shower. We dared each other to walk to and from the bathroom only in a towel. Ashley was caught by her father, but he did not seem to care, although she was excited. I was caught by her one older brother, Pete. He was definitely looking and I began to enjoy the attention he gave me.
Once everyone was asleep, Ashley and I made out and brought each other to an orgasm. It was the first time that we slept in each other's arms. Being that close with someone was emotionally satisfying. The next day, with Ashley's two brothers and her parents at home we did not get to fool around any more that morning. In the afternoon, we walked to my house for the night. My brother was home so we put on our running clothes and headed out to the woods. We spent more time there today and just walked through the woods enjoying nature, while naked. Then we dared each other to run down the road carrying our clothes. We did it for a couple hundred feet before we got too nervous about being seen, but it was still fun.
Once back at my place, we wanted to get a shower after our run. Ashley went first and walked there in her towel. While she was in the bathroom, my father came looking for my help to find some parts on the internet. I forgot about Ashley as I helped my father, Ashley came walking in my room wearing just the towel. That surprised all of us, Ashley's face was red with embarrassment. For me, it was exciting to watch. My father said he wanted to check a model number and would come back after Ashley got dressed and left the room. Ashley and I broke out laughing. I saw my father going outside and Ashley told me, "You have to let him catch you, it makes you so horny."
Ashley pulled my hand to her pussy, she was very wet.
"What if I let him catch me in my underwear?"
"Yea, do that!"
From the window we saw my father was coming back in the house. I quickly took off my clothes. I opened up my bag and got my thong panties and bra that I had on yesterday. I put on the bra and panties as I heard my father walking up the stairs. I had left the door open and when he came walking in my room, he saw me but did not say anything. I told him, "I was not sure how long you were going to be, so I was going to get a shower. But we can finish looking for the parts first if you want."
It surprised me when he said, "It will only take a few more minutes and then I will leave you two alone."
I was not expecting his answer, but I shyly walked over to my computer and sat down. My nipples became hard and I saw them sticking out in my bra. When my father would look at me, I could see his eyes going to my breasts and then lower. We got his parts ordered and I told him, "We can check tomorrow to see if they have been shipped."
He thanked me and turned to leave the room. I got up from the chair and turned towards Ashley. With my back to my father, I heard, "Can you check to see if the parts from yesterday were shipped."
Knowing he could see my ass in the thong, I turned and casually as I could, said, "Yea I can check that."
I sat down again and told him the info. He said thanks again and he left my room. Once I made sure he was down the hall, I closed my door and Ashley and I covered our mouths so as not to make too much noise, we began laughing.
I mentioned to Ashley, "I am very excited at being in my underwear, but thought it strange my father took it so easily."
"It may be like you have said, he is a man and has maturity, he has probably seen many woman in underwear before and it does not bother him."
"Or, he liked looking at me. Ok, I am going for a shower now," then took off my underwear and wrapped the towel around me.
I finished up in the bathroom and started walking down the hall with the towel around me. Since we had so much fun earlier, I thought I would keep the fun going and surprise Ashley. I jumped thorough the door of my room from around the corner and pulled off the towel letting it fall to the floor and yelled, "Ta-daaa" with my arms up.
After a few seconds, I screamed and stood in shock for another few seconds, then covered myself with my hands. "Get out! What are you doing in here! Go! Get out now? Go!"
My brother was in my room visiting with Ashley, he saw me completely naked. He and Ashley busted out laughing at what I had done. My brother finally left my room and I quickly shut the door. Ashley was rolling on the floor laughing, with her phone in her hand. I settled down enough to ask her, "Why didn't you warn me?"
In between my laughing, I told Sarah, "I thought you would of liked to be seen in your towel, I didn't know you were going to flash us."
I was so embarrassed.
"Come here Sarah." I put my hand on her pussy, she was dripping wet and her nipples were rock hard. "You liked that didn't you?"
I did not want to admit it, but I was really turned on. Thinking about it for a minute, I hugged Ashley and whispered in her ear, "You are right, I loved it."
I kissed Ashley, then she sucked my nipple in to her mouth and bit down, while her hand went to my pussy. I immediately had an orgasm. I held on to Ashley until the orgasm subsided, then I kissed her before we pulled apart. I sat on the bed, then Ashley smiled and sat down beside me, putting her arm around me.
"You know Sarah, I thought you would be surprised seeing Brad here when you walked in with a towel on, so I planned to use my phone to make a video for you. But I may have caught something much more exciting."
"OMG. You have it on video?"
"I believe so, lets take a look."
We both watched the video and there I was for a few seconds, completely nude before covering up with my hands. Although I didn't cover myself very good, my one breast was out and as I jumped around trying to get my brother to leave, my breast jiggled about. I was also showing him my cute little ass wobbling around as I jumped. Watching myself nude with my brother, made me very horny. I could feel my pussy leaking on to my bed. I leaned back and began to masturbate myself to another orgasm as Ashley watched. Ashley laid down beside me and kissed me, then her hand played with my nipple, soft caressing and tweaking it. We laid there for a few minutes, I was thinking about how wonderful it was to be seen naked.
When Sarah finally came to terms with what she had done, she accepted that she not only liked it, but loved it. I looked at Sarah and said, "I have an idea. At dinner later, I am going to show your parents the video. We can explain it away as a funny accident, you just have to protest a little, but in the end, you have to say it is ok for them to see it."
My face turned red at the embarrassing thought of my parents watching the video, but my dirty side was already saying this was going to be exciting. I slowly shook my head letting Ashley know I was ok with her plan. I got dressed, putting on underwear to soak up the juices running from my pussy. Then I heard my mother call us for dinner. As soon as we sat down, the first thing out of my mother's mouth was, "What was all of that screaming about earlier?"
Brad began laughing along with Ashley. Then Ashley told them the story, I was very embarrassed, but everyone thought it was hilarious.
"I thought Sarah would do some dorky move when she came in the door, so I was going to video it, but instead I got the whole incident on video. Do you want to see it?"
Everyone was laughing. But I began to plead with Ashley, to not show them.
"How about I show you mom."
"Ok, you can show her."
I watched my mother, she began to laugh harder and put her hand over her mouth to stifle the laugh.
"Let me see," said my father.
Ashley looked at me, and I shyly shook my head, giving her my permission. But deep inside, I was jumping for joy. I watched him as he watched the video. My pussy had my panties soaked at this point. My father laughed, but I saw his eyes were squinting trying to see his naked daughter.
"I want to see it also," came from my brother.
I looked at Ashley then told her, "He already saw me in the flesh, he might as well see the video."
I gave in completely now. Through out dinner we all laughed about my incident and everyone watched the video several times. I was getting use to the situation and realized it helped me get over my fear of being naked, even thought it was embarrassing, it was also a huge turn-on.
In bed that night with Ashley, I had her eat my pussy and bring me to four orgasms, till I began to feel somewhat satisfied. The next morning at breakfast, were we still laughing about the incident, but no one asked to see the video. In the afternoon I walked Ashley to her house to drop off her things and then we went for a run.
We stopped in the woods again just to get naked and relax for a while. After running I went for a shower and when I came back in my room my father was waiting for me, he needed help looking for parts again.
I was only in the towel, I asked him, "Could have one of his t-shirts, I wanted to make a sleep shirt out of it, since the weather was getting warmer."
I told him, "It can be an old one as I will be cutting off the arms."
As he went for the t-shirt from his room, I thought about what to do.
When he came back with the t-shirt, he handed it to me. I dropped the towel. His eyes went wide and I put on the t-shirt. It just covered my pussy. I moved over to the computer and sat down. My father asked me if I was going to get dressed. I smiled and told him, "Since you have already seen me, there is really no need is there," then asked him, "What parts do you need?"
We began looking for his parts and as I looked down, my pussy was on display and I could see I was wet. I saw my father looking, but could tell he did not want to say anything, too embarrassing for both of us. Several minutes later, we had his parts ordered.
He kissed me on the cheek and said, "Thank you," then left my room.
I was so proud of myself for being naked in front of him.
I sat there for a minute thinking, what am I going to do now. After another minute, I knew what I wanted to do, but did I have the courage to do it was the question. Due to my incident yesterday, it had to be now. I got a pair of scissors and cut the sleeves off the t-shirt, then tried it on again. I was showing some side boob, but not too bad. I then put on a pair of bikini panties.
I looked at myself in the mirror. My nipples were poking out. The t-shirt was just below with the bottom of my pussy. That is when my mother called us for dinner. I took a deep breath and made my way to the kitchen. My mother saw me then asked, "Is that your new night shirt?"
I gave the same excuse to her as I did my father, earlier. She smiled at me and did not say any more. My father did not mention how I was dressed and my brother stared some, but everyone already knows what I have under the t-shirt. It did not seem to be a big deal, much less then I had thought it would be, which I was grateful for.
In my room, just before bed, I removed my panties and then went to the bathroom to brush my teeth. As I was coming out, my brother was coming to use the bathroom and my mother was coming in the hallway from downstairs. My brother smiled at me and then said, "Are you going to flash me tonight again?"
Which caused them to laugh. With both of them laughing at me, I wanted to be defiant. I smiled at them and pulled off the t-shirt, then walked in to my bedroom and closed the door.
I could believe I did it, but it brought a big smile to my face. I slept naked that night and in the morning went naked to the bathroom. Then got ready for school. I met up with Ashley and told her what I had done.
After school, at home, I wanted to change clothes and had pulled off my jeans in my room, then my father came in and asked about the delivery date for some of his orders. While he was talking, I had pulled off my top, leaving me in just the thong panties as he watched. I then began to help him. Again I saw him looking at my erect nipples. When I had finished, he again kissed me on my cheek and then left. I put on my t-shirt before dinner and for the rest of the night, that is what I wore till bedtime. Now at bedtime, I walk to and from the bathroom naked. This got to be my routine. Both of my parents have seen me and do not care or at least don't say anything.
When my father needs help, sometimes I am topless, or bottomless, or completely naked, just depending upon the time he shows up. I have been making the arm holes in my t-shirt bigger and a good portion of my breasts are now visible.
It had been about a week and everyone is use to seeing me. It was time for something new. Ashley was also getting use to being naked, but not nearly as much as me at my house. No one in her family has seen her completely naked. But she is wanting to show more. I had Ashley come over for the night again. Then we made a plan. I had my panties and t-shirt on, Ashley had a pair of shorts and a tank-top when we went to dinner.
Ashley began talking about the last time she was here and the video.
"Does anyone want to see the video again?"
We all took at look at it. The laughing and joking around began.
Then Ashley asked me, "Have you flashed anyone since that night?"
"Well yea, I flash them all of the time now. It's kind of fun! But I don't know if I would really call it flashing anymore, they just see me naked."
"I may have to try it myself if it is fun," and then laughed.
"Watch this."
I pulled up the t-shirt and flashed my breasts to my family and then lowered the shirt. My family began laughing and kidding me. "Ok, your turn Ashley."
I gave a bit of resistance, just for show. I could see Sarah's brother and father, they were waiting and hoping to see my large breasts. I moved back my chair, then quickly lifted my top, looking around the table then lowered my top again. My face turned red as it was embarrassing, but it was also fun and sexually exciting. Thankfully, everyone began laughing and teasing me. I had to smile and then said, "It is fun. I may have to do that more often."
"After dinner we will have a proper flash."
"What is a proper flash?"
"All naked!"
It was starting to sink in what I had signed up for and I was beginning to get horny. My nipples grew hard and my pussy wet.
My brother and father were paying attention to Ashley's breasts and nipples when she flashed. I know they will be wanting to see her pussy. I also know Ashley is horny, her long labia will be engorged and be very visible. Everyone tried to act normal during the rest of the meal, but there was a sexual energy in the room. Once we had finished dinner my mother asked me to help clean up. "In a minute," I said.
Ashley was standing beside me and everyone looked to see what I was up to. I pushed down my panties and pulled off my t-shirt, then pulled off Ashley's shorts and lifted up her top.
I gave out a shriek as Sarah pulled off my clothes, even though I knew it was coming, it was a natural reaction. Sarah grabbed my hand and began pulling me. We ran around the table and kitchen a few times laughing and giggling along with Sarah's family. Till we stopped at the table again, we were both out of breath from laughing so hard. When I caught my breath, I told them "This is fun, I like it."
"Ok, fun is over, help me clean up!"
When my mother did not say to get dressed, I began cleaning the table while naked. Then I saw Ashley grab some dishes off the table and hand them to my mother, she was still naked. My father and brother were sitting at the table watching us, but looking more at Ashley. Her big breasts were jiggling as she walked, her long nipples where hard and sticking out like pencil erasers. Her labia was engorged and sticking out from her pussy like a blossoming flower. I talked with my mother, just to make everything feel more normal. Then as I passed Ashley, I pinched her butt.
"Owww."
"Now what happen?"
"I did this to Ashley," then pinched my mother's butt through her shorts. To be more playful, I came up with an other idea. "Mom, why don't you flash with us?" Looking at my father and brother when I said it and they both perked up.
"I don't think anyone wants to see that."
"Mom you are underestimating yourself, you look great."
"Sure honey, go ahead."
I looked at my father, he was now grinning after being so bold to speak out.
I was facing the sink and turned and looked at my husband and shook my head, "I can't believe you said that."
When my mother turned to the sink again, I looked at my father and I made a pulling down motion and point to my mother. He laughed. I went over by my mother and waited till she did not have anything in her hand that would break, then I grabbed her shorts and made a small effort to pull them down, but she stopped me and gave me a stern look. I thought I better not push her any further.
Once everything was cleaned up, Ashley and I picked up our clothes and went to my room. No reason to close the door now I thought. Then I reconsidered, maybe I should close the door when I am having sex with Ashley, but then again, I really want someone to see us having sex.
Ashley and I began to make out, she was all wet from showing herself at dinner. I made sure she was laying so her pussy would be visible from the door if anyone came. I was sucking on her nipples, alternating from one two the other and fingering her.
I had to go to Sarah's room so she could check on an order. I walked in to her room and began saying "Can you check on an order for me?" trailing off at the end after I saw the two of them together. My mouth fell open, see the two girls making out, even though it was my own daughter, I could not turn away.
I looked up and told my father, "Ok."
"You don't have to if you are um, busy."
I pulled my hand from Ashley's pussy and rubbed my wet fingers over my lips and in to my mouth, sucking off Ashley's juices. I gave Ashley a kiss, then stood up. "No, I can check now."
Ashley laid there, her face red from embarrassment, with her legs wide open, her wet pussy showing, waiting for me to return.
I sat at the computer and my father stumbled through what he wanted, then thanked me and went to kiss my cheek, but I turned and he kissed me on my mouth. Just a little peck, but now he knows his lips have the taste of Ashley's pussy on them. I saw him lick his lips and then he began to turn around but stops.
"You can get back to what you were doing now," I said with a little smile on my face.
I took that as a sign he wants to see Ashley and I together again. I got up from the chair and walk over to Ashley, she is looking at me and I can see she is dripping, knowing my father is watching her. I bent over making sure to stick my ass out so my pussy is completely visible to my father as I leaned in to Ashley's pussy and begin to eat her.
Ashley immediately begins to moan and plays with her nipples and whimpers as she has an orgasm. I slurp up her cum and as she is coming down from her orgasm, I look over and see my father still watching us.
I move on to the bed and look at my father as I straddle Ashley's head and lower my pussy on to her waiting mouth. I let out a moan and then fall forward and again begin to eat Ashley. I then hear my father walk away.
Afterwords, laying there in bed with Ashley by my side, I began to consider what has happen to me over the last few weeks. I am more confident with my looks, I am happy, I love having sex with Ashley, I love having sex with someone watch me, and I love being naked. Maybe being a woman, is just having more experience. You accumulate experience over time. I promised myself that I would take on new experiences as a way challenge myself.
The next morning it was late when we got awake. After yesterday's fun, Ashley and I only put on t-shirts, then went to the kitchen for breakfast. My brother was there as he slept in late also. He had a grin on his face.
"Are mom and dad around," I asked.
"No, they went to town."
"Why do you have that big grin on your face?"
"I looked in to your room before coming down here and saw you two together."
"Oh, so you liked seeing two naked girls laying together, did you?"
"I liked it but, it could be better."
"How's that?"
"Well you could have been doing stuff together."
"You mean like this?" I kissed Ashley as he watched.
"Still could be better?"
I looked at Ashley and she smiled. I pulled her t-shirt over her head and leaned in and sucked on her nipples. Then looked at my brother and said, "Like that?"
"Still could be better?"
I had Ashley sit on the table and spread her legs wide open and then began to lick her pussy. After a couples of minutes I stopped, and looked at my brother said, "Like that?"
Seeing Sarah's tongue licking Ashley's glistening pussy, I was speechless and could just shake my head and smile.
I removed my t-shirt and sat on the table and opened my legs wide. Ashley know what I wanted and got between my legs and began to eat and finger me to an orgasm. With my brother watching it made me feel so dirty and horny, but I loved it.
When Ashley pulled away, my pussy was all red and wet, I rubbed myself gently as I came down from my orgasm. I stood up and went to Ashley and whispered in her ear. Then she went over to my brother and gave him a hug and kissed his lips. She then knelt down, opened his pants and pulled them down along with his underwear. His hard cock bounced up when freed. Ashley took his cock in her hand and began to suck him. I had to lick my lips and wondered how he tasted.
I moved beside Ashley and knelt down, my brother looked shocked, but he said nothing. I began to suck his cock with Ashley. I pulled off his cock and told him to lay on the floor. Once he was down, Ashley sat on his face and he did not disappoint her and began to eat her. I began sucking his cock again.
Looking at his cock going in and out of my mouth, I began to consider something else. I didn't know if I should, but I could not stop myself. I let his cock slide out of my mouth, then straddled him and lowered myself till his cock was touching my pussy. I rubbed his cock head back and forth over my pussy, it felt very different then anything Ashley has ever done to me.
Ashley leaned in to me and kissed me pulling her pussy off of my brother's face. When I saw my brother watching me, I lowered myself on to his cock. I felt so full, way different and much better than my hair brush. Once I became accustomed to his size, I began to raise and lower myself on his cock. It was driving me wild and I had my first orgasm quickly and I kept going. Ashley got behind me and was pinching my nipples and kissing my neck. I had another orgasm and quivered.
Ashley said, "Fuck your sister and cum in her, she is on the pill, fill her with your cum!"
I felt my orgasm building. I took a few gasps of air and I felt it in my cock, "I am going to cum, I'm, I'm cumming."
When I felt the blast of hot cum hit me, I had another orgasm and I stopped moving, with my brother's cock deep inside of me, I felt several more spurts of his cum hitting me. I laid down against his stomach where he wrapped his arms around me in a hug. I looked up to him and he kissed me and sucked on my tongue. We laid there for a few minutes, as he caressed my breasts, no one quite knowing what to say.
I finally sat up and raised off his cock and watched as his cum leaked out of my pussy, on to his cock. I looked at Ashley and then at my brother, "Well I wasn't expecting that to happen today, but I liked it, I like it a lot."
Looking at my brother, "If you want, we can certainly do that again, I love your cock in my pussy."
"Uh, yea sure, I guess," not knowing exactly what to say to my sexy sister whom I just fucked, but knowing that I too loved her pussy around my cock.
Ashley went to my brother and began to suck his cock, eating the cum that dripped from my pussy, till he was hard again. She then positioned herself and began to fuck him.
"His cock feels so good Sarah. I didn't know if I could trust another boy to have sex with, but Brad will not be able to tell anyone. He can't really go around and tell people he had sex with his sister and her friend, can he?"
I began to kiss Ashley and play with her breasts while she fucked my brother. She was clearly having a good time and when she let out a loud moan, I knew she was having an orgasm. My brother lasted longer this time, until he came in Ashley.
We all cleaned up and had some breakfast together. There was not much said while we ate. We all were a little worn out and somewhat embarrassed about what happen. Sex with a guy was not on my agenda, having sex with my brother wasn't something I ever considered, but a threesome with Ashley, well ok, I have to admit, I thought about that.
After we finished with breakfast, my bother followed us up stairs and went for a shower as Ashley and I went to my room. We put on our running gear and went for a run. We stopped in the woods and stripped off our clothes and just talked about what happen, both of us were fine with everything that happened. We kissed and then we both agreed that having sex with my brother was definitely something we wanted to do again.
Back at my house, we got a shower together and when we came out of the bathroom naked. My father was waiting for me to help him with some parts again. Ashley and I stayed naked till he left then Ashley dressed to go home. I put on my t-shirt and walked with her down the road a little before giving her a kiss, then asking if there is anything she wanted would like to do or try, just name it, nothing is off limits.
I smiled at Sarah, then said, "I really like to fuck, but don't want anybody finding out like what happen to me before, so when I saw you with your brother, it gave me an idea, my brothers would be safe for me. I want to be able to fuck them. I know it won't be hard if you help me. They were asking me about you the other week when you stayed over, so they are interested in you. So, if you would start having sex with them, I could join in, just like we did with your brother. Once they fuck me, it's not like they can un-fuck me."
"After feeling my brother's cock in me, I have to admit, I like fucking too. So, I guess I am staying at your house next weekend and we are going to be fucking your brothers together."
"One more thing I would like to try, I didn't want to try it earlier today, because I not sure what you would think. It's kind of kinky."
"I would never think badly of you, what is it?"
"After a guy comes in you, I want to eat your pussy."
"That is kinky but I like it."
I kissed Ashley and returned home. At dinner that night, my brother, although a little more quiet than normal, had a big smile on his face. Later, he came to my room to make sure I was alright with what happen earlier. I asked, "Do you work all week till closing again?"
"Yep, every night, why?"
"I want to fuck you again. We can't do it while mom and dad are home, I know I will enjoy it too much and will make to much noise, we would be caught for sure. But the first chance we get, I want your cock in me again."
The whole week of school went by slowly and I never had a chance to hook up with my brother. When I am in my room, I am nude. When I go downstairs, I only wear the t-shirt. I have even sat with my parents and watched tv with my pussy out. I thought again about trying to get my mother to flash with me, but now sure how to make that happen, it is something I will have to work on.
It was Friday afternoon, so I packed some stuff and headed over to Ashley's house for the weekend. Her one brother was in his room, and her parents were still at work.
"Will you go to his room and start fucking him, then I will come in and join you. I have been waiting all week for this."
"How long do we have before your parents get home from work."
"About an hour."
"So you want me to go to him, ask if he wants to fuck, then strip down and start, no dinner, no movie, or even foreplay? Just jump on his cock, huh."
"Well?"
"I'm just kidding, I can see you really want this, I want it too. I will leave the door open so you can watch."
Then I kissed Ashley and walked to Jim's room. His door was closed, so I knocked and he asked me in. When he saw who it was, he perked up and I told him Ashley had to run out quick and I have a few minutes. I wanted to see if we could; I stopped talking and ran my hand over his cock. I felt it twitch in his pants. When Jim did not try to stop me, I began to open his pants, then pulled them down. I pulled off my top and brought his hands to my breasts. I kissed him and then pushed off my shorts and got on the bed. I wrestled off his underwear and took his cock in my mouth and got him hard.
I looked at him and said eat my pussy as I turned around and sat on his face. I leaned down and began sucking his cock, then I saw Ashley come in the room naked and let her take over sucking his cock. Ashley crawled on the bed and lowered herself on to Jim's cock. I could feel Jim was startled and gave me a little push, but then began eating me again. Ashley was bouncing up and down on his cock, enjoying herself, once Jim came, Ashley motioned for me to let him see her.
Jim's face turned white with shock as Ashley smiled at him. She then began to softly talk to Jim, "I like your cock."
When she had finished, Jim had come to terms with fucking his sister and then Ashley kissed him. When she told Jim, "I want to fuck you again," a smile came to his face.
Ashley began sucking his cock again to get him hard, it was then we heard a car pull up. I grabbed my clothes and we ran to Ashley's room and got dressed in our running outfits.
Once we were out of the house, we could talk openly.
"You know Ashley, he was good at eating my pussy and he has a nice size cock."
"Yea, if I had known his cock was that big, I would of tried to fuck him sooner. I wonder if Pete's cock is as big."
"Maybe even bigger, he is the oldest brother isn't he. I may have to come over here more often. I want Jim's cock in my pussy when we get a chance."
"Maybe we can have my brother's spit roast you tomorrow."
"What's that?"
"One is fucking your pussy, the other is fucking your mouth."
"I might have to try that. It sounds kind of fun."
"I know I want to try it," leaving out a giggle.
When we got back from our run, it was shower time. We both agreed if one of us got the chance to we would flash Ashley's brothers. Ashley went for a shower first, with no one catching her. When I was coming back from a shower, Pete was coming past the bathroom door as I came out. He began talking with me and we stopped in the hallway. Ashley heard us, and came out of her room. After a couple of minutes, Ashley interrupted and said, "Sarah you should get dressed."
Ashley reached out and pulled off my towel. I tried to grab the towel back from her but was unsuccessful. I covered myself with my hands and ran in Ashley's room. Pete and Ashley were laughing as I ran away. I too thought it was funny, more importantly, I found that I really liked being exposed.
When Ashley came in her room, she closed the door. Still naked, I kissed her and thanked her. I told her I get such as rush being exposed. I got dressed and went to the kitchen for dinner.
Pete looked at me a lot during dinner and would wink at me at times. I could only think when I get him a lone, he would be doing more that just looking at me. As dinner was ending, Ashley's mother asked if she would clean up, her parents were going off to visit a friend of theirs. Ashley quickly agreed, with a smile on her face and looked at me with a twinkle in her eye, I knew we would be fucking Pete, Jim or both shortly.
We just about had the kitchen cleaned up by the time Ashley's parents left the house. Pete and Jim were watching some sports show, so I sat down beside Pete so our bodies were touching. I put my arm around his shoulder and played with his hair. After a few minutes, I whispered in his ear, "Since you saw me naked earlier, I want to see you naked, oh but of course I will be naked also."
I stood up holding his hand and pulled him along with me to his room. Ashley and Jim watched as we left. In Pete's room, I pulled off my clothes and then began to help Pete's take off his. When I saw his cock, it was just as big as Jim's, I smiled at the thought of having it in my pussy. Once he was naked, I kissed him while my hand went to his cock.
Feeling him get hard in my hard was something I had not yet experienced before, it was still soft like silk, but firm at the same time. When I pulled my hand away, his cock slapped up against his stomach. I played with my new toy for a few minutes, then I knelt down and engulfed his cock in my mouth and began to suck him. I saw Ashley naked, watching from the door and Jim was there also.
I stood up and pulled Pete to the bed and had him lay down, then I asked him to eat my pussy. As I mounted Pete, I was super excited already, knowing Ashley and Jim were watching and would be joining us shortly. Once my body covered Pete's head, in came Ashley with Jim following her. Ashley quickly began to suck Pete's cock, and just like before, Ashley climbed on the bed and lowered herself on to Pete's cock and began to ride him. It did not take long till Pete came in Ashley. When I got off of Pete's face, he saw it was Ashley on his cock, then he saw Jim watching also. Pete's face turned red with embarrassment and began making excuses for what happen. Ashley leaned over and gave Pete a kiss then said, "I really like your cock. Don't worry, Sarah and I planned this. I have already fucked Jim earlier today. But now I want both of you to fuck me at the same time, who wants my mouth and who wants my pussy?"
"I have a better idea, I want you and Sarah to eat each other while Pete fucks Ashley and I fuck Sarah."
"I like Jim's idea."
I looked at Ashley and said, "I like Jim's idea also, I want to be fucked also."
"Ok, but Pete's bed is not big enough for us all, everyone on the floor. Also, everyone listen for mom and dad to come home. If we get caught, Jim and Pete are going to get the blamed for deflowering their little sister and her friend."
Ashley got on the floor and laid on her back, I got over her in the 69 position. Ashley's pussy was leaking cum, so I dove in and began to suck it up, just the thought was kinky, but I also liked the taste. I saw Pete's cock coming towards me and I sucked it in to my mouth. Pete pulled away, aligned it with Ashley's pussy and began pushing. When I saw his cock disappear in Ashley's pussy, I was suddenly being pushed from behind, Jim had his cock in me.
The feeling of his cock in my pussy overtook me with pleasure, my desire to watch Ashley get fucked was no longer of interest. I could only moan and groan at the sensations I was feeling in my pussy. Jim fucked me hard for a good ten minutes and gave me several orgasms before I felt his hot cum inside of me.
When Jim did pull out, I felt Ashley's tongue on my pussy as she began to eat me, giving me several more orgasms. Without Jim's cock, I could focus again and began to lick Ashley's pussy while Pete's cock fucked her. Then Pete thrush his cock deep in Ashley's pussy, he stopped and grunted, while Ashley moaned in to my pussy. Pete was still for several seconds and then pulled out his cock and fed it in to my mouth. I sucked the cum from his cock and let his cock fall from my mouth. I saw the thick white liquid coming from Ashley's pussy and again dove in to lap it up along with Ashley's juices, the combination was delicious.
Once she was cleaned up, I pulled off of Ashley and sat on the floor and watched as Ashley sat up. We kissed each other as her brother's watched. When we stopped, Ashley began talking.
"Whenever mom and dad are not around, and you want to fuck, let me know. Also someday when we can all be together again, I want both of you to spit roast me. But for right now, I believe we all have had enough. Come on Sarah lets get cleaned up."
When we came out of the bathroom in our towels, Ashley's mother saw us, she did not say anything, but gave us a strange look. I am sure she was wondering if we showered together. I then thought about what she would think, if she knew we fucked both her sons.
That was the new normal, fucking our brothers whenever we got the chance. Ashley was right thought, our brothers could not say anything to anyone else they were fucking us.
It was a Saturday, the last track meet before the end of school year was today. Also Ashley's and my last time as a high school cheerleaders. After the meet, I drove home with Ashley, it was already hot for the end of May. My father was out working on his mowers, so Ashley and I went over to him and we began talking. My brother must have heard us come home and he came out also.
As we talked, I began to complain how hot is was and winked at Ashley as I pulled down my spankies and my panties, I pulled them off my feet as everyone watched. Then said, "Oh that is much better."
Being hot also, and just a reason to showoff, I followed Sarah's lead and pulled off my spankies and panties.
After a little more talking with my father, I mentioned this is the last time we would be wearing the cheer outfit, as we had to turn them in on Monday. Just to tease my father, I said, "Any last requests before we change?"
To my surprise, my father began to open his mouth.
"Well I always wondered if you were not wearing those shorts under your skirts, would anybody really see anything?"
"I always wondered that too," came from my brother.
"They are called spankies dad. I am sure if I do a handstand, my skirt would fall down, here I will show you."
I turned upside down and let gravity take over, my skirt fell down everyone began laughing. I stood up and also laughed.
"What if you do a cartwheel?"
"Let me try that," came from Ashley.
We watched as Ashley did a cartwheel, her skirt fell down and we got a glimpse of her bottom.
"Ok, well I guess you do need them, but it would make things a lot more interesting without them."
"Well if you are not going to wear spankies, why wear anything at all," as I began laughing.
"I guess you are right, that would make thinks very interesting," my brother said.
"Ashley could you imagine being naked doing cheers?"
"Yea, do you want to try it?"
Ashley and I pulled off the rest of our clothes and got our pom-poms from the car. We began our routine and as we watched each other, our breasts were bouncing and our asses were a jiggling. I then did a handstand, with my legs spread wide apart. We all began to laugh so hard Ashley and I had to stop.
"Well that was very interesting. I am not sure anyone would ever watch the game if there were naked cheerleaders. So that answers my question. Sarah do you have time to look up a part, I have this one mower here and it has a part that is so rusty, I think if I try to take it off, it is going to break. So I need to see if I can get a replacement before I try to remove it."
"Yea, I can get my table and bring it down here so we can compare the replacement part. Let me take this stuff up to my room and I will come back out."
"Ok, thank you."
Ashley and I dropped our clothes off in my room and put on our sneakers for running. I got my tablet and we both went out to my father, still nude. As we looked for the part, my father had knelt down and as I stood right beside him, I could see him taking a look at my wet pussy when he thought I would not notice. I began to wonder what it would feel like with his cock in my pussy. Once we found the part, we watched as my father tried to take off the old part, and it broke. So I ordered the new one for him.
"Thank you. What are your girls going to do now?"
"We are going for a run."
"Like that?"
"I wish, but we need to wear something."
"You could just take you t-shirt or carry some clothes with you and jump in to the woods if you were to see anyone."
I looked over to Ashley and said, "We could try that, it would be kind of fun. They are trees almost everywhere and the few spots without, we would just have to run by quickly. What do you think Ashley, wanna give it a try?"
"Sure why not, however my big titties will be bouncing all over the place. I may have to put on my sports bra just to be more comfortable."
"Do you want to go for a run with us, Brad?"
"How many miles do you go?"
"It is about four-miles," then I gave my brother a wink.
"Ok, I will go along, let me get ready."
"Yea, we have to get our stuff also."
My brother followed us in to the house. As we were going up the stairs, he reached between my legs and rubbed his hand over my pussy.
"God Sarah, you are so wet already!"
"The thought of running naked has me so horny."
"Me too. You know that you are going to have to fuck us both before we come back from our run."
"I gathered that when you winked at me. Also, what are your plans for tomorrow?"
"Nothing, why?"
"Dad and I are going to a car show tomorrow, just across the state border, about a 2 hour drive from here."
"So?"
"There are going to be scantly dressed girls their with the cars, for pictures. They are also having a wet t-shirt contest. I thought you two might be interested in showing off yourselves. It will be far enough away from here, so no one will know you."
"Oh my god, that would be fun. What do you think Ashley?"
"What would we wear?"
"How about one of my little skirts and a halter top, and some sneakers."
"I don't know if I am ready for that yet."
"You don't have to do anything if you don't want to, but go alone and you can support me, how about that."
"That sounds good to me."
"Great, now you will have to tell dad, we are coming along."
"Look, dad was just looking at your pussy and then he told you to go running naked. I don't believe he will have a problem seeing you naked at the car show. Has he seen you and Ashley together yet?"
"Yea, he watched me eat Ashley and then watched as I sat on Ashley's face."
"I doubt he will have any problems then."
We got our things and started on our run, Ashley and I carrying our clothes and Brad in his shorts. We were just about half way through our run when we heard a car coming. Ashley and I quickly ducked in to the woods. Brad slowed down and stopped along side of the road to wait till the car past. I heard the car coming and then it slowed down. I saw it had stopped beside Brad and then noticed it was my mother. Ashley and I came out of the woods and my mother saw we were naked.
"What are you two doing?"
"We wanted to see how far we could go on a run, naked."
"You ran here naked?"
"Yea, we started from the house."
"What did your father say?"
"Well to be honest, he was the one who sort of suggested it."
"I see. Ok, do you wanna make it more interesting?"
"What do you mean?"
"You tried to get me to flash the other day. You give all of your clothing to me and run back home naked, within the next twenty-five minutes. If you make it, I will flash with you sometime this week."
I looked at Ashley, "We have not seen anyone yet. Are you up for it?"
"Can we have more time so we can hide if someone comes by."
"No, I don't want you to be able to hide, you just have to make a run for it."
"Ok, we'll try it."
"Give me your clothes."
"You too Brad."
"What?"
"Yep, you have to do it also."
"Please Brad."
"But!"
"What are you afraid to show your cock?"
"Mom, I just can't because."
"Because your hard and you don't want to be seen like that?"
"Well, yea."
"The girls have seen a hard cock before and so have I."
"But your my mother."
"Yea, I use to give you a bath when you were a baby, so I have seen it before."
"Mom, for god's sake."
"Hurry up and make the decision. I can't sit here in the road all afternoon."
"Brad you do this, I will make it worth your while," said Ashley.
"Come on Brad, Ashley will make it up to you."
I watched as Ashley got beside Brad and slowly pulled down his shorts, letting his hard cock bounce up against his stomach. Ashley threw his shorts in to the car.
My mother smiled, then said, "Brad, you never mentioned that you didn't want Ashley or your sister to see your hard cock. So I must assume, they have already seen it. And Sarah since you did not show any signs of being disgusted at seeing your brother's cock, you must be pretty familiar with it already. You have twenty-five minutes to get home, your time starts now, you better get going or it will all be for nothing." I then drove away.
"Lets go."
"But Sarah, she knows you have seen my cock."
"Yea, she knows and did not say anything and was not mad about it, we can't talk about this now. Run Brad, run."
I looked over to Brad and his hard cock was bouncing up and down. Ashley's breasts were bouncing all over the place. Even my breasts were bouncing as we ran. I believe it was the fastest that we ever ran and thank god, we did not see another sole on the way home. When we ran in the yard, there was my mother and father watching us. My brother keep running in to the house, with his hands trying to cover his cock. I guess he did not want our father to see him. But we did make it back in time, so now my mother has to flash with me.
I can't wait to see her naked. We all walked in the house and my brother was already in the shower. Ashley opened the bathroom door, and slipped in and I watched as she got in the shower with my brother. I then closed the door and went to my room. I was so horny from being naked in public. I secretly began to wish that someone would have seen me. I took off my shoes and began to rub my pussy, then inserted my fingers, trying to bring myself to an orgasm. Just as I was about to climax, I heard a noise and when I opened my eyes, there was my father at the door watching me.
That did it, I had a huge orgasm. I could not help but look at my father as I came. When I was coming down from my orgasm, I gently caressed myself. My father smiled and said, "It looks like you had a nice orgasm. If you are finished, could you help me find another part?"
Knowing my father watched me finger myself, had me so horny again. But I told him I would help him. After we were finished, my father told me, "Thank you," and went to give me a kiss on my cheek, I turned and kissed his lips.
I then asked, "Would you stay while I masturbate again?"
He smiled back and waited, I opened my legs and let them hang over the arms of the chair and began to finger myself. I heard another noise and opened my eyes, a naked Ashley came walking in, with my brother right behind her wearing a towel. My father smiled at Ashley and said to her, "I think Sarah could use some help."
Ashley knelt down and began to eat me as my father and brother watched. I was in ecstasy. I felt my orgasm building, I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, trying to hold off the pending orgasm as long as I could. Then it hit me and I let out a long moan, and slumped over. After I relaxed for a minute, I looked up and was startled. My mother stood there watching, along with my father and brother.
When Sarah, saw me, I began to smile, knowing how she must be feeling. I began to wish it was me that had such a powerful orgasm. Then I broke the mood in the room, announcing that dinner was ready.
"I want to jump in the shower first, I will be done in a few minutes."
Ashley and I remained naked as we ate dinner. My brother wore his shorts, but we all knew he was hard, as we saw the his cock pushing out the material. I mentioned to my father about going along to the car show tomorrow and he did not bat an eye. Actually he seemed happy we were going along. After this afternoon, I know he likes to look at Ashley and I.
That night, we were all fairly tired, Ashley and I did not have any more sex, we just slept together.
In the morning after breakfast, my father, brother, Ashley and I got ready for the car show. Ashley and I dressed similarly, a short tight skirt, ending just about mid-thigh, a halter top, ankle socks, and white sneakers, in a thong, no bra. We got in to my little Honda, Ashley sat in the back with my brother and my father drove.
At the car show, there were long legged, scantily dressed girls standing beside some of the cars, but other than a good amount of cleavage, no nudity. But, every once in a while, we would see a girl who was there with her boyfriend or husband, lift their dress, showing their ass in a thong, or give a quick titty flash for a picture.
After seeing a few woman do this, I had to do get in on the action. Although, I had my brother and father to take pictures of me. I began to pull up my skirt, showing my thong, or pull up my top, to flash my breasts. At first, I started out to just letting my family see me, but after a while, I let everyone see me, and they were all taking pictures. People began making requests, yelling to pull up your skirt, or show us you tits. I was enjoying the attention.
As we moved on to the next car, Ashley come over to me.
"I want to flash with you the next time."
"I thought you were not ready."
"I wasn't, but after watching you have so much fun, I don't want to be left out anymore."
The next car we went to, both Ashley and I began lifting our top to flash. Which lead us to pulling up each other's top or skirts, then to making out with each other. We had several men following us and taking pictures. It was all very exciting. After we had some lunch, we heard the announcement for the wet t-shirt contest. When I said, "I want to enter the t-shirt contest," my father just smiled and told me to have fun.
Ashley and I signed up, there were only eight contestants. They gave us a t-shirt and scissors. Not ever having been in a contest before, we were not sure what was happening. Then we saw the other girls, cutting their t-shirts shorter and making them sexier. We then did the same. We all went out on stage and thank goodness, we were not first to dance, as we watched what the other girls did.
When they dumped the cold water on me, my nipples became even harder. After the first dance, they eliminated two of the girls with the least amount of applause. Both of those girls were not very pretty and a little heavy. They talked about another elimination round and of course Ashley and I did not know what was happening, we had thought one round and a winner is selected.
But when the second round began, the girls dancing, began to pull the t-shirt completely off. Shaking their tits and squeezing their breasts while the guys hooted and hollered. Ashley was unsure if she wanted to pull off her top, but after I reminded her she was just showing her breasts to everyone before, she shrugged and said I guess you are right.
We both danced around and took off our shirts. Now we were standing there topless and a huge crowd watched us. Ashley and I were beginning to get horny. As they eliminated another two contestants. Then again, we were to have another elimination round. This time as the other girls danced, they pulled off their pants or shorts, till they were just wearing their panties.
The thought of being seen in just my panties, had me all wet and horny. I looked to Ashley wondering if she was ok, her face was flush and when I asked her if she wanted to continue, she just smiled and shook her head yes, then said, "I can stop myself now, I want to be seen."
Ashley danced first and quickly took off her skirt and danced in her thong. The crowd began cheering, "Take them off" and I saw Ashley began to tease pulling off her panties. As the count down neared the end, Ashley pulled her panties down to her knees and turned around a few times letting the crowd see all of her, her engorged labia flapping in the breeze, before pulling up her panties.
I went over to Sarah and hugged her and yelled in her ear, "I need fucked so bad right now."
It was my turn to dance and I too dropped my panties and jumped around to the delight of the crowd. This round the other two girls were eliminated. We both kissed and hugged each other, which got the crowd going again. The announcer asked if we wanted to go one more round, Ashley told him no we would share the prize, the crowd turned on us and began booing. We knew they wanted us completely naked.
Ashley looked at me with a mischievous smile and pulled down my panties and waited for me to lift my feet. Once she had them in her hand, she threw them in to the crowd. I then did the same to Ashley and once I had thrown them in to the crowd, Ashley hugged and kissed me.
The music started up so we began dancing and Ashley began sucking on my nipples. She then dropped to her knees and pulled my pussy to her mouth, and began to lick and suck my pussy. The crowd erupted in to a frenzy, cheering for us. When Ashley stuck her fingers in me, everyone in the crowd watched in amazement, as I had a huge orgasm there in front of everyone. When I opened my eyes and looked out to the crowd, I saw my brother and father cheering along with everyone else. The announcer must of known it was getting out of hand and stopped the music and handed us our prized, Fifty-dollars each, not much, but it was the most fun I ever had.
Off to the side of the stage, Ashley and I wrung out our skirts and put on our tops. We met up with my brother and father and looked at a few more cars. Everyone in the crowd knew us now and asked us to pose by their car. Now when we pulled up our skirt, everyone saw our pussy. We looked around for another couple of hours and then decide to go home. Ashley and my skirts were still damp. When Ashley went to get in the car she pulled off her skirt before getting in, so I did the same. We were not on the road very long till Ashley was making out with my brother in the back seat, and not very long after that, my brother and Ashley were fucking.
My father reached his hand over to me and rubbed my shoulder, then told me, he loved me. He then moved his hand down to my leg and began rubbing it. Soon his little finger was nestled in between my labia, sliding up and down. I could not stand it anymore and pulled his hand to my pussy and used his fingers to masturbate myself to an orgasm. I then crawled over and kissed him, while rubbing my hand over his cock, he was hard. Once I broke off the kiss, I began to open up his pants, he did not try to stop me, so I pulled out his hard cock, my god it was the biggest I have ever seen.
I lowered my head and opened my mouth and I began to give him head. The slimy pre-cum coated my tongue and tasted great. I began to bob up and down on his cock, giving him a very wet blow-job. A few minutes later, I felt his cock grow and it began twitching, then he filled my mouth with cum. Some leaking out of my mouth and dripping on to his cock. I licked up as much as I could. Once he became soft, I put his cock back in his pants and sat back in my seat. He again rubbed my should and told me he loved me. For the rest of the ride home, we sat quietly, occasionally looking and smiling at each other. While Ashley and my brother, were still making love in the back seat.
When we arrived home, Ashley, my brother and I got out naked. My brother then put on his shorts, and we all went in to the house. Ashley and I showered together and remained naked for a while, till she had to go home. Before Ashley left, she let me know that she had seen me and my father together, then told me, "After you fuck him, I want him also, I saw that big cock he was packing, I want it in my pussy."
At dinner, I asked my mother, "When are you going to flash with me?"
"Maybe this week."
"Wait, I have to work till closing again this week."
"So you are wanting to see your own mother naked?"
"Well, I thought since you saw me, I would see you."
"That was not part of the deal," then I laughed. "But I may feel sorry for you and just maybe, you might get a glimpse of me. Would you like that?"
Not trying to act too excited, I said, "Well maybe."
"Oh, by the way my parents are coming this weekend for your graduation next week Sarah."
"When?"
"They will be here Saturday afternoon sometime."
My last week of school went slowly by, but Ashley and I both got spit roasted by her brothers. Ashley on Wednesday afternoon and me on Thursday afternoon. Friday, I got to go for a run, but with my clothes on and by myself, it is not as fun anymore going by myself or with clothes on. I then got naked in the woods, although that was not as fun as it used to be either. When I got home I was a little down and my mother asked, "Whats wrong?"
I told her, "It is not as much fun being naked anymore."
I laughed and said, "I will come up with something for you to have fun again." I then gave Sarah a hug.
It was Saturday afternoon and we were all waiting for my grandparents to arrive. When they got there we all hugged each other and went in to the house. My grandfather asked me what I have been up to, and I just shrugged, saying, "Just the last of school, that's all."
"Oh, come on now, tell him what else you have been doing," said my mother.
I looked at my mother and said, "Like what?"
Did she want me to tell them I run around naked, surely that cannot be. When I did not say anymore, my mother started again.
"Here let me show you this video of Sarah."
I thought Oh my god, is she going to let them see me naked?
Then I heard the video playing and she was showing them, I was so embarrassed. After the video was over, my mother began again with more this time.
"After that day, Sarah has been naked around here a lot. She has even gone running naked."
"Oh, have you now dear."
"Yes, grandma." I could not believe I was telling them this.
"Will you get naked now, so we can see you," came from my grandfather.
"What? You want to see naked."
"Yea honey, you are very pretty and I bet you drive the boys crazy with that hot little body of yours."
"Granddad," I don't know what to say, I mean, I had not thought...
"Go ahead Sarah, show my parents, take off your clothes and show them."
"Mom, are your sure?"
"Why not? You let everyone at the car show see you."
"What about the car show?" ask my granddad.
Oh my god, she knows, why did my father tell her about that.
"Sara and her friend Ashley were flashing and letting everyone take pictures of them. Then they entered a wet t-shirt contest where they got completely naked and Ashley gave Sarah an orgasm on stage with everyone watching."
I could not believe my father told them what happen.
"Then on the drive home from the show, Ashley and Sarah were naked. Brad and Ashley had sex in the back seat. Sarah let her dad finger her and then Sarah gave him a blowjob. I also believe she has fucked her own brother. Have you Sarah?"
I stood there astounded, my mother knows everything that I had done. Well, there is no denying it now. I stood up and slowly began to remove my top and then my shorts, I wasn't wearing any underwear.
"Oh you do have a hot little body don't you?"
"Thanks, granddad."
"Oh Sarah, it is ok. It runs in the family."
"What? What are you talking about grandma?"
"Well it started with me. When I was just about you age, I got the notion to be naked. Soon my parents saw me naked all of the time and they let me be. During the summer, I never wore clothes. I even went in to town naked a few times naked. It wasn't long after that that I began to have sex, with anyone I could, even with my parents. That is when I met your granddad.
We would have sex together with my parents. Then after I had your mother and she got old enough to know what was going on, we stopped, we still had sex, but not in front of her. We let her alone and low and behold when she was about your age, she go the notion to be naked. Soon she was doing the same things I had done at her age and she began having sex with me and granddad.
Then she met your father and she brought him home and we would all have sex together. Once she had kids, she stopped being naked all of the time and we waited. Now you got the notion to be naked and began having sex, so it runs in the family."
I was paying so much attention to the story, I could not believe what I was hearing. I turned to look at my mother, she was standing there naked. She came over to me and began to hug and kiss me.
"I was waiting to have sex with you, tell me you want too now?"
"I do mom."
We began making out and soon we were on the floor eating each other. After several minutes I looked up and my father was naked and grandma was sucking his cock. My naked granddad come over, knelt down before me, then kissed me. He then shoved his cock in to my mother's pussy as I watched in disbelief. I began watching his cock go in and out of my mother several times. It was soaked with my mother's juices. My grandfather pulled his cock out of my mother and offered it to me. I began sucking on it, just having it in my mouth had me on the edge of an orgasm. Then I felt some one penetrate me.
When my grandfather pulled out his cock, I watched as he again pushed it in my mother. I turned and look behind me, my father had his cock buried in my pussy and I just began having one orgasm after another. The combined efforts of my mother eating my pussy, my father fucking my pussy and granddad, fucking my mouth was too much for me, I just moaned and screamed as I had the best orgasm of my life.
Then I felt my father cum in me, then granddad shoved his cock in my mouth and he came. I could not take it all and it began dripping out of my mouth. I felt someone beside me and it was my grandmother, licking the cum from my face. I had another orgasm and I fell to the floor, unable to move, laying on my mother's legs. My father and granddad rolled me off my mother to the floor. As I was coming back to life, grandma and my mother were there smiling at me. My mother kissed me and said, "I told you I could make it fun again."