Lucy had got up late, she was sore all over, the night before had not been anything like she planned, and as a result, her pussy was aching and sore in a way that she had never experienced before. When she got dressed about an hour before lunch she had put knickers on, and before she had even walked to pick up her jeans she had taken them off she was now making her daughter's lunch in a long skirt that she had not worn in forever. Her jaw hurt too, so she was not talking anywhere near as much as normal either.
As she was finishing and had just given the sandwiches to her daughter the house phone rang. That was a real shock, nobody used that phone, it was only there because it was required as part of the broadband package. She walked over a picked it up, 'Hello?' she said.
'Mrs Hanson,' said a voice, 'this Mr Grainger, your daughter's headmaster.'
'Good Afternoon, Jock,' Lucy used his first name, she was on the PTA and talked to him all the time, and it seemed strange that he used her surname.
'I'll get straight to the point Mrs Hanson,' he continued, 'I was on Highbury Station last night, and if I had not got turned around and walked on to the northbound platform instead of south we would not be having this conversation.'
Lucy's stomach churned and she suddenly felt very sick, she had been though that station several times the previous night, and she couldn't believe anybody that saw her would be calling to congratulate her.
The headmaster continued, 'I won't beat about the bush, I saw you, on that train, dressed to be frank like a total slut, and that was not even the worse part! A man I do not know had his hand between your legs...'
'OK stop,' interrupted Lucy, 'I know what happened.'
'Well quite,' said Mr Grainger, 'I don't think that behaviour sets a good example for your daughter, and it most definitely is not the behaviour expected from a PTA member, I will be tabling an emergency vote to remove you. I will have to explain why, and I thought I would give you the curtesy of call so you can miss the meeting, that is if you have any shame.'
'Jock please, there has to be another way,' Lucy's voice almost pleading, she could not have her behaviour known, it would destroy her friendships, and cause untold damage to her daughter at the school.
'I was about to offer you an option,' Jock continued, 'Wednesday, my office 10am, wear the same outfit from last night, you will accept whatever happens, you will not say the word no, and you will walk out as if nothing happened. By the time that is finished, Saturday night will be cleansed from my mind and I would not be able to tell anybody about it if I wanted to, is that clear and acceptable?'
The intention was very clear, she was being blackmailed, but she did not have a choice, 'Yes, that is clear and I will be at your office Wednesday Morning 10am,' she replied.
'Good. Goodbye until Wednesday,' came the reply from Jock and the line went dead.
'Everything OK Mum?' came the question from her daughter who was eating the sandwich Lucy had just made.
'Yes, fine, just PTA stuff,' she replied as she walked away to the bathroom, she thought she was going to be sick.
On Wednesday morning, Lucy did the school run, and then returned home, the house was empty, and she went upstairs, and took her clothes from Saturday night from the clean washing pile, and got undressed from her prim and proper Mummy clothes that she had worn for the school run.
She stood naked looking in the mirror, the marks and signs of Saturday night had all disappeared, she was not sore now either. Her body was ready as it would ever be for whatever was going to happen today. Her mind not so much, she was terrified, she had not told Stuart any of this, she needed to deal with it first.
Lucy pulled on her fishnet stockings, she was unable to put on the same ones from Saturday, cum had stained them and she had put them in the bin, then she put on the suspender belt. Next panties, again the ones from Saturday were no longer in her possession, so she picked out a lacy black pair, she had thought about these for Saturday but dismissed them as too revealing. They were basically see-though everywhere, and so thin that they barely covered her lips, you could see everything else, she put them on, they were so tight the strap completely disappeared into her arse crack, and she had a tight little pert arse, not a big crack! She quickly attached the suspenders and then pulled on the white top, it looked good, her big tits only held in place by the tightness of the top, and her nipples, hard already, were poking out. Then her skirt, that was so easy it was three poppers on one side, black and as tiny as skirts got, the sort of thing her father would say, 'you are not going out in that, I have wider belts!'
She had no choice though, her suspender belt and stocking tops both visible one above and one below. Lastly she put on the middle heel black shoes that she had Saturday. She looked in the mirror, yep, she was what sluts called a slut.
Lucy pulled on her coat that she only wore to dinner dance, and other formal occasions out her wardrobe, it covered her neck to knee, and looked very classy, she couldn't let the students see her. With that she walked back out to the car and calmed her breathing before leaving for the school.
Lucy parked up and headed for reception, the school was old, and the part with the headmaster's office was in a Victorian part of the building, she knew it well from PTA. From reception she was sent to the headmaster's secretary, Janet. Janet was about 3 years older than Lucy and had worked in the school since the day she left it, getting the job as the headmaster's personal assistant, when Lucy had been in her last year, there had been a lot of rumours that the Headmaster was fucking Janet. Anyway Janet gave her a look when she arrived, that made Lucy very uncomfortable. It was like she knew, but she was polite, and showed her to the waiting area between Janet's outer office and the Headmaster's office, this was a dark room, with a doors off in three directions, the one she had entered from Janet's office, the one to the Headmasters office, and then one to the board room, which was open today, the room was empty, this was where the PTA meeting were.
Lucy removed her coat and hung it on the coat rack, she was 10 minutes early, and she really hoped Janet did not pop in to see if she wanted Tea or anything.
At a minute to ten, the door to the headmaster's office opened, he strode out, looking briefly at Lucy, opened the door to Janet's office. 'Janet, unless the school is burning down, we are not to be disturbed, this meeting is my top priority, and will last at least until lunch.'
Lucy heard a reply, 'Yes Sir!' she still sounded like a teacher's pet 6th former!
'Come in Mrs Hanson,' Jock said as he purposefully strode back into his office.
Lucy stood and walked in, what she saw was not what she expected. Behind the completely clear headmaster's desk were two other gentlemen. They were both about the same age as the headmaster, so 65 to 70, both dressed in suits. She also noticed that all the blinds on the windows had been closed, and that space had been cleared around the desk and that the camera that they used for PTA meetings had been set up in the corner filming the room.
As she took the seat on this side of the desk that had clearly been left for her, Jock said, 'this is Peter and William, they are friends from the golf club that I was with Saturday night,' he indicated which was which.
Then as she sat he continued, 'just to confirm you are here to be punished for you disgraceful behaviour, and you agree to let happen what happens? You agree?'
Lucy's heart sunk, she had hoped he might just humiliate her a bit and then let her go, but no the intention was clear, they were going to fuck her, and the only way she could stop it was to let the truth come out, so she replied, 'Yes I agree.'
'Excellent,' said Jock as he moved to be directly behind her and then grabbed her tits.
The other two looked on as he fondled and groped her tits through the tight white top, her nipples getting rock her almost immediately. He continued for about two minutes feeling the shape of her tits, squeezing them and tweaking her nipples, she actually enjoyed this, closing her eyes so she did not have to look at the two men eagerly watching. Then Jock moved his hands down to the bottom of her top and pulled it up, in one movement her top was removed, and she sat there topless, her tits on full display to these two old gits.
Jock threw it on the floor in the corner, and moved around her, taking her now naked tit in his hand and playing as before, but his head coming down and licking her nipple, then sucking on it, she closed her eyes again. After a moment another hand grabbed her other tit and started to play, she briefly opened her eyes to see it was Will, and then closed them again as he also started to lick her nipple.
The pair of them were playing so much attention to her nipples, she did not remember when her tits had got so much attention, but she was not complaining. The licking turned into little bites and twists, she loved it, she was getting so wet and the other guy, Peter, watching was really turning her on. She realised she had opened her legs, she was giving Peter a fabulous view of her pussy. But her focus was on her tits, these two had been going for a long time, and showed no sign of giving up on her tits, she thought if it continued like this she might just cum from tit play, as the biting from Will got a little more enthusiastic, she moaned.
The moan seemed to spur them on, she was sure nobody had ever given her tits this more attention, Stuart would be jealous when she told him. She snatched back her hand to her side, she had no idea she had moved it so close to her clit, she had been in real danger of starting to rub, and that sort of message was not what she wanted to send here.
'It is nice to see the slut we observed on the tube has really turned up here,' said Pete from across the desk, it surprised Lucy the break in the silence.
Jock released her tit and replied, 'Oh definitely and her tits are amazing, here you have a go,' he let go and moved away as Peter came around the desk, and put his hand on her tit.
Peter started sucking and was just as skilled as the other two, she was so wet now and watching the headmaster watch her, his eye hungry and wanting more of her, made her so wet, she was surprised she was not leaving a puddle on the floor.
As the other two, really made her tits feel like they were in heaven, Jock moved a chair and sat down in the space that had been created, he looked at her, still clearly ravishing her with his eyes, then he said, 'Lucy, what you did was unforgiveable, and if it is ever discovered it will bring shame on this school. Because your body is so hot, and you are clearly capable, we thought we would give you the chance to make a mends, but you have to be punished too. When they have finished with your most amazing breasts, please come here, over my knee.'
She noticed that he had also put an old school cane on his desk too, she didn't see where it came from, but she knew she was not going to enjoy all of this morning.
Will came up for air, his face a little red, 'In all my years I have never got me teeth into tits as beautiful of these, and to think they are attached to a slut that will let us do whatever we want to them. Are you going to be a completely slutty whore for us this morning?'
'Yes, sir, I am here to service you however you want,' Lucy said in a meek voice.
'Excellent, I hope you brought a soft cushion to sit on for your journey home,' he said as he returned to mauling her tit.
More nips and bites on her nipples, as her tits were squeezed more and generally enjoyed, she could get used to this, Jock was still just watching, she was so turned on by that.
After another couple of minutes they both stopped, there were a few more squeezes of her tits, but they left her, and she stood, not wanting the next part at all, but she bend over the headmaster and lay across his lap, knees on the floor. Immediately her skirt was lifted, her pert round butt cheeks exposed, he stroked her arse for a moment, really feeling her firm but forgiving butt, the smooth soft skin, she liked the stroke a lot.
'You two better get a feel of this now, it will not be this soft and smooth again for several days, maybe even a week.
Two hands grabbed her arse, they stroked and played with her soft skin, one of the hands took a feel of her knickers where they barely covered her pussy, and they felt sodden.
'You really are a slut, you are loving this, there is puddle in her knickers lads,' Will said.
Lucy pushed her arse into the air, and said, 'I will take anything you throw at me.
'Right,' said the headmaster, and he pinged off her suspenders, and pulled her knickers down about halfway down her thighs.
He continued, 'you will be punished by all three of us in turn, and I expect your bottom to be very red when we are finished, try to keep screaming to a minimum we don't want to have to gag you.'
Lucy had no intention of screaming, she was going to take her punishment like a big girl, they wanted a slut, and a slut liked being spanked. The headmasters hand slapped onto her arse, she felt the skin ripple as it landed, it stung, but she held herself together, then a second landed on the other cheek. Lucy let out the slightest grunt as it did. She grunted at the third and fourth two, a quick, 'huh...huh.'
The headmaster stopped and stroked her arse, his fingers running up her crack, and the stroke of the parts that were now stinging a little felt nice.
Lucy was determined to play the slut well and said, 'I was spanked harder as a child.'
The two spanks that landed close together were considerably harder, her, 'huh' was louder, audible in the room now. Those two were followed up with a succession of lighter but faster slaps, that really stung, she gritted her teeth and took them, towards the end, there was a more whimper sounding noise coming from her mouth, but she took her punishment stoically. She was sure her bum was red now.
She was stood up and the headmaster stood, she was then bent over the desk, and Peter began slapping her arse. The freedom of movement that not being over the knee afforded him meant that she felt these more, there were definite grunts as he slapped, she felt every bit the naughty sixth form girl being punished for being caught smoking.
Will who was sitting looking at her said, 'you have the most lovely smile, but I am sure it should not be on your pretty face, when this is happening to you, I will step it up a notch when I punish you in a minute.'
She didn't know exactly what that meant but she was sure it would not be good. The slaps kept coming, and she took them, her determination growing, and she maintained her smile, even when her grunting got louder. Lucy was sure Peter's spanking was coming to an end and she was not sure smiling at Will was a good idea now, he looked pissed off.
As soon as Peter stepped away, she was directed by Will to get on the desk, he laid her down on her back and placed a foot at each corner of one end, Lucy thought her little pussy was far too well displayed, and she was not sure what Will planned to do, but it was clearly not spank her arse. Part of her was quite pleased about that her arse was not comfortable, actually it was on fire, the spanking had been hard and prolonged, and her cheeks were probably very red and needed a break.
As she laid back she noticed that the door was slightly open, old building like this often had doors that just would not stay shut, then she noticed somebody move by the door, there was somebody watching through the crack in the door, that turned her on no end, and from their position they would have a perfect view of her cunt.
Lucy was still thinking about the view the person at the door had, and who they might be, a jealous Janet maybe when a slap landed right across her pussy, it was unexpected and stung a lot, she pulled her knees together and managed to keep the volume low when she screeched out, 'Jesus Fucking Christ,' but her determination to take this punishment kicked in quickly and she managed to force her knees apart, wider than before, giving both a better view to the person watching and indicating to the men that she wanted the next slap.
The next slap and the one after landed in quick succession, she managed to keep her knees where they were, and curse under her breath. She stretched her knees wider, and the next two landed, she took them better than she ever dreamed she would, no movement and the slightest of pained grunts, but the headmaster had noticed her looking at the door and realised it was open.
Jock walked purposefully to the door and swung in open, a young man was standing there, Lucy knew who he was immediately and his exact age, he was 20, and last year he had dated her 17 year old daughter for a good few months, and he was now the school caretaker.
'TOBY!' roared the headmaster.
Toby blurted in a stream of panic, 'I'm sorry Mr Grainger, Janet is not at her desk and I needed a signature for these supplies, and I didn't mean to intrude, but once I saw. I didn't know what to do.'
'Stop,' said the Headmaster, and pulled Toby inside he closed the door firmly and pulled at it to ensure it was really closed this time, 'what are we to do with you Toby?'
'I'm sorry sir,' Toby said more calmly, but still with an edge of concern in his voice, 'I will not say anything, in fact I would quite like to have my turn at punishing Mrs Hanson.'
'You know her?' the headmaster enquired.
'Yes sir, I dated her daughter last year, and she broke us up, saying I was too old, and that really hurt because Tammy was the best fuck...' Toby trailed off as it because clear he was sharing too much information.
'Splendid,' said Jock, 'I will pretend I didn't hear the last bit of that, and you can punish Mrs Hanson as soon as Will has finished.'
Two more slaps landed, hard, a clapping sound resonating around the office, Will had obviously trying to catch Lucy off guard. Lucy grunted painfully again, but kept everything else under control, her pussy was hurting now, there was a warm sting to the skin that was slightly beyond uncomfortable. Several more slaps landed, Lucy was proud of herself taking them with such grace.
'Right,' said Jock, 'back over the desk Mrs Hanson, and I would get a grip if I was you.'
As Lucy moved she saw the headmaster hand Toby the cane, then he said, 'five please Toby, and make her wish she had fucked you instead of sending you away.'
There was a swish through the air, and Lucy screamed out, there was an intense burning pain in her arse cheeks, the cane was not nice at all, this was punishment, and she had barely calmed herself enough to suck in a breath when the second one landed, again to a painful scream from Lucy.
'You will need to quieten down, or I will gag you,' the headmaster said.
In response Lucy pushed her arse into the air more. When the third swish happened and that burning pain exploded across her arse, she sobbed, no scream, her mouth clamped tightly shut, she managed the same response to the fourth, she was now worried she would not be able to sit down comfortably, and there would be no hiding it from Stuart now.
When the last stroke landed, she blubbed, tears rolling down her cheeks, there was a nice warm sting to most of her arse and pussy, but the cane strokes were different, and there was burning to them that she did not like, but she focused on that they were over.
Lucy was still focused on that when a cock pushed against lips and then was thrust into her pussy, she was so wet from the previous mistreatment that it slipped up easy, and she gasped as two balls hit her legs. There was a withdrawal and a violent ram back in, the feel of this was young and strong, not what she expected from the old guys, she looked over her shoulder and Toby was ramming her pussy as hard as he was capable of.
Lucy grunted heavily with each thrust, the pounding was rough and forceful, and her grunting was revealing more pleasure than anything so far, she couldn't help it though. Her mind was filled with thoughts of how much she was enjoying letting this young man fuck her with three old perverts watching.
'Mrs Hanson, you are clearly are enjoying this, and your cunt is tighter than your daughter,' Toby was breathless as he spoke to her.
Lucy looked around and the three old gits were enjoying watching this, there was clearly erections in all their trousers, she was shocked by how much that turned her on. Lucy noticed Will was undoing his belt and buttons, moments later he was standing in front of her and was pushing his cock into her mouth. The thrusting from Toby was forcing Will's cock into her mouth and she grabbed it to control, the blow job better.
'Keep thrusting hard boy, you are forcing her to take my cock deep in her mouth,' said Will as he reached down and grabbed her tits, his hands mauled at them as he squeezed and played, none of this was soft or sensual, in fact Lucy thought she was probably experiencing a 'hate fuck', and Will seemed to be following the lead.
There was so much going on, but Lucy's mind kept coming back to a thought that this was very wrong, and she was torn between that thought and this actually making her very horny. She thought that the dick pounding her so hard now, had been in her daughter, her sweet innocent daughter.
Toby's breathing behind her told Lucy that he was getting close, his thrusting was so hard she was starting to get sore, and she could do with it being over, although a big part of her found it so hot and wanted him to continue.
Will spoke again, 'these tits are amazing, I really need to get access to them on a regular basis, and to be honest this pretty face looks even better with my cock in her mouth. Do we have some plans to keep using this slut, Jock?'
Toby stopped thrusting his cock buried deep in Lucy's pussy, and she felt it spasm as cum was ejected all over the inside of her pussy. She only half caught whatever Jock replied to Will, but she did hear the word 'ongoing,' she did not like that word in this context at all.
Toby withdrew his cock, and Lucy could not deny she missed it, there was something very erotic about her daughter's ex-boyfriend fucking her. She moved her head more on Will's cock the movement provided by the thrusting now removed. He did appear to be enjoying her efforts, and his hands were all over her tits.
Lucy felt cold lube drip into her arse crack, she was not sure which of the men it was, then she heard Jock say, 'here you go Toby, work signed for you. I hope you enjoyed helping punish Mrs Hanson, and your continued employment requires your discretion.'
'No problem Mr Grainger, I completely understand,' Toby replied, and moments later she heard the door open and then firmly close again.
She now knew it was Peter than was massaging lube into her arse, and his fingers were slipping in and out of her arse. Will was forcing his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth, and she was close to gagging.
Peter stopped lubricating her arse, and after a short break she felt his cock pushing against her arse, she felt her little star give way, and the head of his cock slip in just a little, she gasped around Will's cock in her mouth, and unintentionally she pushed the cock out of her arse. Peter clearly didn't think it was an accident, and slapped her arse hard, and forced his cock back up hard, it was all she could do not to scream out. She thanked god that he stopped once she head was in though. Once he stopped she shook with the pleasure of a cock in her arse, she loved that feeling, and she was looking forward to the feeling as he pushed his cock up, there was something about that first thrust in it felt amazing and she loved it.
As Will was about to come in her mouth, Peter pushed in, she loved it, the feeling was amazing, her clit singing to her as the feelings in her arse changed so quickly. When Peter stopped, she guessed about 3 inches were in, Will blew. Cum splattered the inside of her mouth, and she coughed slightly as it was fired down her throat, she swallowed, and was focused on Peter withdrawing to just his head in, not wanting Will's climax to spoil the best part of anal. Peter pushed in again, hard, she squeaked as he went balls deep on just the second thrust. She had swallowed everything that was in her mouth and was licking Will's dick clean now.
Peter started to pump, she wanted to finish Will quickly now, as her desire to rub her clit was overwhelming, and as Will fully withdrew from her mouth, her hand immediately moved slipping down between her body and the desk, quickly finding her clit. It was already sensitive from everything that had happened and she found it easy to excite it. The thrusts from Peter were providing almost all the required movement, and all she had to do was provide the right hard edge for her clit to rollover and back with each thrust.
'William, you missed out by taking the blow job, this is the tightest arse I have ever been in, and she is wonderful. Mrs Hanson, you are a top class slut,' the joy in Peter's voice was clear, and she was loving his thrust, she moaned with each one as it took her closer and closer to an orgasm.
The headmaster appeared in front of her, his head close to hers, and said, 'how does it feel to be violated so? Knowing we can and will do whatever we like to you?'
Lucy was close to cumming, but managed to breathless say, 'It's wonderful, I want more.'
Her words seemed to spur Peter on, and his thrusts became harder, she could hold back her orgasm no more and that carnal moan that she had got used to hearing escaped her lips as her body shook from an orgasm that was quite intense, the thoughts of Toby and being watched by these old men running through her head. She felt her arse squeeze Peter's cock hard with a particularly strong spasm, which sent more shudders through her body. Peter was still thrusting but she could feel him cumming as he did.
As her orgasm subsided Lucy felt the loss of Peter leaving her arse, she had not had anal that many times, as was evident from how tight all the men found her, but on every occasion she missed the cock as it left her arse, wanted it back. A few days ago when a man had written, 'anal slut,' on her arse cheeks, he had been right, she would do just about anything to get a cock in her arse.
Jock was still in front of her, and was undoing his belt and buttons, it was clear he had a raging boner in there, but Lucy was surprised when it was released, she had this image of all old men having average or smaller cocks, but Jock had a good seven inches, maybe slightly more, and there was a good girth to his cock too.
Lucy didn't know what he planned to do with that, but she hoped it was going in her arse, as Jock walked around to the back of her she positioned her hand to make the most of the thrusts, wanting to cum again.
Lucy's heart jumped for joy as she felt Jock's cock nestle up against her arsehole, but before he started he said, 'Your daughter is 18 now is she not?'
Lucy replied, not sure where that question was leading, 'Yes, Tammy had her birthday last week.'
'And is she a slut like her mother?' the headmaster enquired further.
'No, Tammy is a good girl, she would be horrified at what you are doing to me,' Lucy replied, not completely sure it was true, Tammy had been at it with Toby constantly, she had caught them twice, and heard them on several other occasions, Tammy was a noisy fuck.
'Shame,' said the headmaster as the pressure on her arse increased and it started to give in letting his large cock move up, 'a little mother daughter session could have been fun.'
The headmasters cock was slipping in slowly, he seemed to be savouring the feeling of his cock in her arse, and he stopped once his head slipped in. To Lucy it was wonderful, his cock was so much bigger than Peter's that it was like the first thrust again!
Before she realised what she was saying, Lucy said, 'please make it hard and rough, I want you to wreak my arsehole.'
Jock did not reply but pushed up her arse with a lot of force, it was both uncomfortable and wonderful, Lucy could not believe how much she enjoyed this considering that only a short time ago she had never done anal.
Jock's thrusting was quick and hard, Lucy's hand on her clit was working brilliantly and as she closed her eyes, enjoying the moment, her arse being pounded was amazing, her orgasm was building, and she was being watched by two dirty old men, this was heaven.
Lucy started to moan heavily as an orgasm rose within her swiftly, the pounding from jock increasing in intensity, his big cock feeling like it was going to rip her apart. Her arse on fire and feeling amazing she moaned heavily into her orgasm, spams and shaking as a warm feeling spread across her. Lucy laid in the afterglow of that orgasm as Jock pounded, then pulled out and sprayed cum all over her arse, his moan almost as loud as hers.
Moments later she felt her knickers being pulled back up and into place, the cum soaking straight into them. Jock was sitting in front of her, 'now Mrs Hanson, your continued membership of the PTA is going to be subject to you carrying out the duties you have today on a regular basis, I would think monthly to start, do you find that acceptable?'
'I don't really have a choice do I!' she said resigned to being a slut for these three men on a regular basis.
'Excellent, you can see yourself out,' he said clearly dismissing her like a naughty schoolgirl.
Lucy gathered herself together, and left the room, straightening herself up and tidying her appearance as much as possible in the anteroom before she walked out, she could not help wishing there was still a dick in her arse.
As she walked down the corridor there were some students milling about, several of the boys spent more than a few moments looking at her, she really hoped she did not see her daughter or her friends. Out of nowhere Toby appeared beside her and took her arm.
'This way Lucy, I have not finished with you yet,' he said, she was as shocked by his use of her first name as anything else.
Before she knew it she was marched into an office, it was tiny compared to the headmasters, but had a desk, some files, and quite a few locked storage containers. As soon as she had caught up she said, 'what do you think you are doing Toby?'
'Unless you want Tammy to know all about today, you will do as I say,' he said.
'Why would she believe you?' Lucy fired at him.
'I have video through that door!' he looked smug as he said it, 'Now bend over the desk, I want a couple of photos of my handy work.'
Lucy could not believe how this was spiralling, and resigned herself to whatever this was, and walked to the desk and bend over it. Almost immediately her skirt was up and her knickers were pulled down, then a camera clicked several times.
'Step out of your panties, and spread your legs,' he instructed, 'I want a photo of that lovely tight cunt of yours'.
Lucy conformed, and the camera clicked again.
'Now I need to fuck you again,' he said.
Lucy was expecting this and said, 'please can you fuck me anally?'
'What? Really? Tammy refused, I have never done that,' he said, the surprise in his voice obvious.
Before she knew it his cock was between her cheeks, 'wait no, not like that,' she said, 'pull my cheeks apart, and press it into the right place. It should open easily I have been rammed really hard there just a few minutes ago.'
He followed her instructions and she felt horny as his cock pushed against her hole, Tammy's boyfriend was about be in her arse, she was a naughty slut. The pressure increased and the head of his cock slowly slipped into her arse, she would never grow tired of that feeling. She moaned as the head settled inside her.
'Wow Lucy, that feels amazing,' said Toby.
'For both of us, Toby, for both of us,' Lucy replied, revelling in the feeling.
He pushed hard and his cock moved up her arse, she moaned the wonderful feeling back. She pushed back into him. He took a big handful of her hair and pulled her back, she loved that he was being rough. Yet again she moved her hand to excite her clit, and started to rub, Toby was pulling her hair and ramming her hard, she loved it.
'Did you do my daughter like this?' she asked.
Slightly breathless, he replied, 'Your daughter is a good girl, she wants nice sex, not this, she is not a slut like her mother.'
His ramming got even harder if that was possible, she loved the feeling, it was as much that she was being fucked by this young man, who should be off limits, as it was the fuck itself.
She was cumming again before she knew it, squeezing Toby's cock hard in her arse, and enjoying the other spasms and warm feelings.
'Oh my god, do that again,' he said.
'I'll try,' she said, as she rubbed hard trying to force another orgasm.
Toby's pounding was obviously getting him there quicker than she was, she felt him stiffen and the familiar feeling of cum insider her, he was about 20 seconds too early for her orgasm, and as she climaxed again she felt her arse clench his cock squeezing the last of his cum out.
Yet again Lucy laid sprawled on the desk in the afterglow of an orgasm.
As she stood, she said, 'can I go now?'
'Yes, you can, but before you go, hand me your knickers,' he said, and she picked them up and handed them over, she was going to have to buy some new panties the rate she was giving them away.
'That is not all,' he continued, 'On Friday afternoon when Tammy goes to Hockey after the end of lessons, I will come to you house with a few friends. You will let us in wearing only Tammy's knickers and bra, and you will make sure we all leave happy.'
'Why would I do that?' she asked.
'Because if you don't the video of what I just did to you, and your panties will find their way to Tammy!' he said forcefully.
Lucy grabbed her bits and made for the door, as she got there she turned and said, 'fine, see you Friday.'