Wednesday, September 4

6:00 a.m.

Liz woke up first. The sex demon inside of her seemed to have taken over her body almost completely yesterday. But, waking up naked next to an equally naked Bri, and seeing her children just as nude in bed with her on the other half of the large bed, made her very horny.
The whole room smelled like sex, and the motherly part of her mind was suddenly feeling very guilty once again. Liz was the grown-up in the family, so Bri couldn't be blamed for letting things get out of hand. She was just as much a parent to her kids as Liz was.Well,Liz thought,it was time for me to put my foot down and let people know where I stood and that things in this house are not going to get out of control again.
She showered her gorgeous, tan, fit body thinking about it, deciding that this would be final and she would not allow anything else to continue unless they needed it for a photo session... She had to, she was the responsible one in that household and it was her duty to be sure no one had any more sex of any kind.
Of course, then the sex demon inside of Liz reminded her how last night, she could hear through the darkness of her bedroom as Brooke and Nathan made love. Recalling the sounds she realized that Lexi had been involved too, as Liz and Bri made love only maybe five feet away from them. She began to feel horny again, despite the decision she had just made to lower the overall amount of sex in that house. Liz was disgusted with herself, and had to remember that these wereher kids, and they werefucking!Though reminding herself that didn't help any as it made her feel even hotter, but she refrained from masturbating in the shower at that time.
Liz came out of her bathroom, just in time to catch Brooke, awake now, and playing with Nathan's morning wood. Liz, both horny and guilt-ridden, came up to Brooke and forcefully removed her daughter's hand from her son's penis. She was in no mood.
"Ow," Brooke yelped, but kept quiet to not wake anyone else, "what gives, Mom?"
"You shouldn't be doing that," Liz explained, "he's your brother! For God's sake!"
Brooke sighed, realizing Liz was back to being motherly again and not the horny slut she'd slowly become since this all started. But Liz was probably right, and though Brooke never wanted all the incestuous fun to ever end, she knew good things had to stop eventually.
"Actually Mom," she said, "why don't you and I go and check on the website. Maybe we have the money now." She said bitterly, knowing this was over. Still, eating Lexi's pussy while Nathan fucked her from behind was probably the hottest thing that had ever happened to Brooke, at least she would have that memory. Brooke's only wish was that she hadn't gotten it on video.
They went into Brooke's room, Liz was just in her robe and Brooke was still completely naked. Liz thought her daughter still smelled of pussy from the night before, a scent she was learning to love, she was supremely conflicted as it was turning her on staring at Brooke's bare ass as they walked through the hall. She tried to ignore her imaginings, but it wasn't really doing much good. She realized she probably should have masturbated in the shower after all since she would probably be much calmer and less horny at that point.
Brooke sat at her desk once they came into the room, not bothering to put on clothes. Liz did her best not to notice her sexy oldest daughter's amazing tits and when she failed that she did her best not to think about sucking on Brooke's nipples, but that didn't work either. She did her best not to actually start sucking her daughter's gorgeous boobs, which she succeeded at but she stood staring and licking her lips as Brooke started up the computer.
Brooke noticed her mother's discomfort and decided to "accidentally" start up one of their videos as soon as they got on the website. It was the one they made yesterday in the theater, where Nathan forcefully fucked Brianna and then ordered Liz to suck his cock. Liz saw as the video came up and sucked in her breath sharply, but didn't say anything as she watched for a moment while Nathan fucked Brianna.
"Oh, sorry Mom," Brooke said, "I just hit the wrong button," with the mouse she scrolled over to where she could check the balance, "we can leave and-"
"No, wait!" Liz shouted at her daughter, surprising both of them. She really wanted to see when Nate grabbed her and roughly fucked her mouth. But after shouting she realized that she was being a bad mother again. "Uh, I mean, you better show me how much money we've made now." She looked away from the screen until Brooke told her she had the balance up now.
Liz turned back around and saw that they had made almost $100,000, nearly double what they needed. Liz whistled, impressed. "Wow," Liz said, "Sweetheart, that's pretty damn impressive. Now we can pay off the house and keep our place." Liz was very happy about that, she was going to call her lawyer later that day. She was absolutely glowing, Brooke noticed when she glanced over at her mother.
Brooke was downright depressed though, "I guess that's it for our family sessions though." She said, sadly, "I guess it was fun while it lasted."
Liz's mood suddenly darkened a bit as well. Even though she was just telling herself that she should call everything off once they had the money and she'd get an actual job and they could all work together to keep making payments on the house, not to mention gas, electricity, water, and groceries. It was going to be a lot of money to keep paying for it all and they couldn't just rely on Brooke's website the whole time.
Wait,Liz thought, though maybe it was the sex demon inside of her,couldn't we use Brooke's website to keep making money? We can make all the money we need and then some. Why would we stop now?She shook her head, trying to shake off how naughty and sexy the thoughts of not stopping with the sessions, and not stopping with her son, especially.
"Um," Liz said, " I think we shouldn't tell anyone else that we have the money. At least not yet anyway."
Brooke did a double-take at her mother, not believing what she was hearing, "Wait? You want to continue with the video shoots?" She asked.
YES!Liz's mind screamed but her mouth said, "Well, I just don't want to give up on this completely as a means of making money. As you know, it costs a lot to run a house like this and this could be our way of equalling that cost. Um," Liz was doubting herself again, she knew this was a decision she was making almost purely out of desire. She needed to think about it more, "I'm just going to do my yoga and my run now. I think I should do this alone. I have a lot to think about. Just don't tell anyone we have the money yet, okay sweetie?"
Brooke nodded, wondering if there was something she could do to make her mother's decision swing in the direction she wanted it to go. If Brooke could read her mother's thoughts as she left, she'd probably realize she wouldn't have to push that hard. She watched as Liz turned and left her room, admiring her mother's great ass as she left. As soon as she was gone, Brooke switched back to the video of her family in the movie theater. She started to masturbate as she watched her brother fuck their mother's face.
Liz went back to her room. The kids and Bri were all still asleep, but she was going to fix that. She put on her exercise outfit and woke up everyone but Nathan. "Get out of here and get dressed. We're all showering alone today, and leave Nathan alone, he needs his sleep." She whispered at Lexi and Bri as she forced them out of her room. When they were gone, she sat on the bed and put her shoes on, noticing immediately that Nathan still had a raging morning boner just under the thin material of her bedsheet. She looked at it feeling both guilty and also wondering what she could do before Nathan woke up.
Liz felt she could definitely give her son a handjob, and possibly a blow job, but could she fuck him? The thought of fucking him in his sleep made her pussy extremely wet and she decided to leave before it leaked through her yoga pants and everyone could see how horny she was. She had a lot to think about anyway, she felt some exercise would help to clear her head.

6:48 a.m.

Brianna went to shower. She used the shower room, figuring if anyone came in they'd already seen her naked, at least, and if they wanted she'd probably let them join her. Unlike Liz, Bri had no regrets about what's been happening in that house. In fact, she was happier and more sexually satisfied than she'd been in a long time. And though she never saw Liz's kids as sexual beings before, all she could think was how sexy they all were and how much she wanted to fuck all of them.
Though the incest aspect bothered her when Liz was telling her about it alone at her motel room, after she saw how beautiful everyone looked and how fucking masculine Nathan was especially, she knew she wouldn't stop them from fucking each other and, in fact, was now actively encouraging it. Nathan was slowly turning into some kind of sex god, and Bri knew that soon no woman in that household would be able to resist him. She laughed as she started soaping her luscious tits, her joke to herself yesterday was going to be right on the money, she realized. This mansion was going to turn into the home of Nate's Harem. Bri started rubbing her pussy, fantasizing how she could get even more women into that house, though she knew it was only fantasy and couldn't come to pass in that way.
Lexi also took a shower but in one of the duplicate bathrooms across from the bedrooms. The shower in these rooms wasn't very small but not very big either, they could probably fit three people in each one comfortably but any more and everyone would be rubbing up against each other with 4 and 5 would just be packed. Lexi wasn't sure why she was thinking about how many people could fit in the shower and shook the thought from her mind.
There was also a bathtub in each bathroom, but it was really only good for one person each unless the two people were very close. Lexi sighed, realizing she was only trying to distract herself from thinking about her family, but she really didn't have much else to think about now.
Donna seemed to want her to continue this relationship with her brother, and truthfully, Lexi wanted it as well. Her brother was the best lover she's ever had, though she'd only been with three different boys other than Nathan, something in her knew that he was always going to be the best fuck she's ever gotten. She sighed again, knowing she was being stupid and ridiculous. It was herbrother!She shouldnotbe thinking about him as anything but that.
Still, Lexi's pussy was sore from her brother's fucking yesterday, combined with Brooke's tongue lashing last night, but it was a soreness that felt good. One that reminded her just how good it felt to be with her family in such an intimate way.I'm not thinking clearly,she thought, but as she did so she also started washing her vagina with both hands, paying special attention to her clitoris,this is my family. Family is forever. I can't go fucking up everything we have between us just because, ugh, just because, um, I want them to FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME! OH MY FUCKING GOD! NATHAN! BROOKE! ERIKA! MOM! FUUUUCK!She thought as she rubbed herself through her soreness to a terrific orgasm.
Once she was out of the shower, she decided to check and see if Nathan was awake yet, she went back to Mom's room but found it to be locked. She thought about knocking until he got up and let her in, but that's when Erika stepped out into the hall, and Lexi decided she should probably be somewhere else.
Erika was still upset, but she had Cheerleader practice that morning and she didn't want to miss that no matter what. She had it every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday before school and also after school on Friday because they usually had a football game in the evening, though football didn't start until next week. Anyway, she went into the bathroom and took a shower. When she was done she put on her cheerleading outfit.
Erika didn't like to wear panties, even in a short skirt like that one, but she did put them on when she cheered for obvious reasons. She took a pair of white panties and stuck them in her pocket, intent on putting them on in the bathroom once she got to school like she usually did when she had practice.

8:01 a.m.

Nathan woke up around 8. He was a little disappointed to see that he was the only one in the room and had morning wood when he woke up. He wondered if he could go down to breakfast naked and if people would even care at that point.
He decided against it and threw on one of his loose-fitting pairs of shorts and a t-shirt. His boner was not going down, Nathan thought that was probably because his body was just getting used to the extra sexual stimulation, and if he didn't have an orgasm soon he would probably get blue balls really fast. Nathan went downstairs and into the dining hall where the rest of his family was except Liz who was still out jogging, and Bri, who seemed to be making bacon and eggs in the kitchen.
Erika saw Nathan when he came in and noticed her sisters staring at the giant bulge in his shorts. She got immediately jealous and got up from the table and stomped over to Nathan, "Oh, nice boner, Nathan," she said using the tone she normally used when she was making fun of him, "I guess you're just going to wait for me to leave again in order to use it on Lexi again right?"
Nathan was shocked by this but he sighed, he knew Erika was just being herself again, "What is your problem, sis?" he asked, getting a little angry with her, "You know I'm doing this so we can keep the house."
"Oh really, that's the only reason?" Erika said, "Just admit it, Nathan, you love Lexi and Brooke and you HATE ME!" Erika was so angry she felt like she could slap someone at any moment.
Erika's anger was enough to really piss Nathan off. "You little cunt!" He said as he suddenly grabbed her by the hair. Erika screamed, not sure what was going on. Lexi was equally shocked but she'd seen Nathan this way a couple of times now, the last time was right before he roughly fucked her through multiple orgasms. She was getting really turned on watching her brother manhandle their little sister.
Brooke had been turned on since before she got out of bed that morning. She just smiled at this as she played with her pussy under the table.
Nathan took Erika and propped her up on the table in front of his chair, he pushed her cheerleader skirt up, exposing her bare pussy, "No panties Erika," he laughed, feeling powerful, "even when you're going to cheerleading practice?"
Erika was starting to get really turned on as Nathan pulled her hair as he stared at her bald cunt, "I have a pair in my pocket, ahem," she explained, doing her best and failing to hide her horniness from her brother, "I put them on at school."
"Not today," Nate said as he fished her panties out of the small pocket in the side of her outfit, he tossed them on the floor. "Now, time for my breakfast." He said before sitting in his chair, pulling it up to the table and then diving his tongue into his little sister's waiting cunt. She was already wet. Erika felt she'd been wet all morning actually.
"Oh my god, that feels so good!" Erika shouted as her brother ate her sopping wet pussy. She tried to hold back but could already be feeling her orgasm approaching, "Oh god, don't stop Nate!" She yelled.
Brooke, not believing it, reached up and started playing with one of Erika's huge tits. She pushed her Cheerleader top out of the way and started rolling her nipples in both her hands. This was too much for Erika as she moaned loudly and started cumming into her brother's mouth. Nathan ate up her juices like he couldn't get enough. When she stopped coming he stood up and dropped his shorts.
"Now for the main course," he joked and then plunged his cock into Erika's pussy. He only got about halfway in at first, she was so tight.
Erika moaned loudly again, her brother's love stick was fucking her. He started to slowly take it in and out as her pussy got used to his size. She couldn't believe how much it felt like he was stretching her to her limit. She came again and again, feeling like this was somehow one continuous orgasm. Her brother was killing her with pleasure. She started bucking wildly as she felt her nipples being sucked on.
Erika looked and saw that Brooke was on one side of her breasts with Lexi on the other and they were both happily sucking away at her giant tits why Nathan fucked her brains out. It was too much and she started cumming yet again, already, she lost count of how many times she came in such a short amount of time.
Nathan, being this was his first orgasm of the day, didn't last much longer and pumped a huge load of cum into his 19-year old sister's pussy. He kept fucking her though, still hard as a rock.
"Oh my god," Erika moaned in a haze of orgasm upon orgasm, "you fill me up so fucking much. Don't ever stop fucking me Nathan."
"I never will," Nathan said as he started getting into a rhythm again. He fucked her hard, feeling both their juices sloshing around his cock inside her as he did so. Suddenly, he decided he wanted a better angle, and he flipped Erika over so she was now on her stomach and started fucking her on the table doggy style.
Lexi, her mouth unable to keep sucking her sister's tit once Nathan flipped Erika over, sat back in her chair and finger fucked herself as she watched the hot incestuous scene before her.
Brooke, sad she didn't have her new suck toy now, leaned over and stuck her tongue in Erika's ass. She started licking her tight hole, being able to feel her brother's giant cock pushing in and out of their sister with her tongue as she did so.
Bri had finished making breakfast for herself and the Slope family and was taking it into the dining room but stopped at the scene before her. Bri knew what was happening as she was fairly certain anyone in that house would be able to hear Erika moaning as her brother gave her the hard fucking she deserved for being such a bitch lately.
Liz came back too, she heard the sound but something in her mind told her it was probably something else as she walked into the dining room. Only to catch Nathan fucking the only sister she hadn't found out about him fucking yet. Her mouth dropped open as she watched the scene in front of her. She should stop this, or at least protest, or anything, anything at all.
Instead, Liz just stood and watched, the entire time envisioning that it was her Nathan was fucking instead of his little sister. This was easy to do given that Erika looked just like a younger version of herself. Liz really wanted to plunge a few fingers into her pussy, but instead, she just stood there like a mouse who had just turned a corner only to be face to face with the family's housecat.
Nathan moaned and came into his little sister's pussy for the second time in a row. He then stepped back and everyone watched as Erika lay on the table with her brother's cum steadily leaking out of her. She had been fucked so hard and came so many times that she couldn't move even though she knew that everyone in that house was now staring openly as her recently used vagina, and she could feel as her brother's spunk slowly dripped out of her and onto the floor. He came inside her twice in a row, and he came so much that she felt absolutely full of his cream now. She wondered how she was going to hide that all day, especially since Nathan told her she couldn't wear her panties to school.
They were just on the floor, but after the fucking she just got, she was too calm now to be the typical "I do what I want" Erika that she normally was. For the moment, she wanted to do whatever Nathan wanted. And he didn't want her to wear panties that day, she didn't like wearing them anyway, and she wanted to listen to him so he would be happy with her. It was a strange feeling, happiness to obey, but Erika liked it.

8:44 a.m.

Liz shook herself out of her own horny daze and checked her watch, "Oh shit, Erika, we have to get you to school now if you want to make cheerleader practice."
"Huh?" Erika was having a hard time hearing words and it took a moment before her mother's statement reached her brain, "Oh, um, yeah, okay." She said and she got down from the table. She walked with her mom to the car and got in. They drove away.
Nathan sat back in the chair. He had put his shorts back on after he finished with Erika, though he was still hard as a rock. It felt like he could go a lot more times now and he guessed that just how Dr. Scots had told them a couple of days ago, his body was probably pretty used to the near-constant sex by now, even though it'd only been a few days, he must have one of the physiologies that gets used to extreme conditions faster than others.
Brianna served Lexi, Brooke, and Nathan their food. She wondered if she did something to anger Nathan if he would give her as good a fucking as she just saw him giving his sister Erika. She decided not to try it, at least not yet.
Brooke started eating but she couldn't help but notice that Nathan's cock was still rock hard in his shorts. Brooke was impressed by this, Nathan had just cum in front of everyone, filling their little sister with his load before going back to eat again. Brooke bit her lip, feeling so fucking horny she could hardly stand being this close to such a sexual man, even if that man happened to be her brother.
Nathan smirked to himself, noticing Brooke's reaction out of the corner of his eye, but instead of confronting her he looked towards Lexi, "Could you pass the salt, Lexi?" He asked her, calmly.
Lexi was miles away in her thoughts. She looked back at her brother, hearing nothing really, her pussy twitched, just looking at him.What the hell?She thought,All I'm able to do is think about fucking him. What kind of sister am I?She realized all at once that she was a slutty sister, "Um," she said, deciding she should leave, "I'm gonna go over to Donna's," she said as she got up and left, hardly touching her food before she did so.
Nathan watched her leave, feeling like he may have done something wrong. He guessed he did in the whole "you aren't supposed to be fucking your sisters" kind of way. He was starting to feel like he could do anything though, he'd never felt such confidence.
"So, Brooke," Nathan said, "What do you think we'll do for the sessions today?" He said this like he was asking her what his chores were for the day, not how and where did Brooke want Nathan to fuck the gorgeous women in the house.
Brooke cleared her throat and said, "We should probably wait until Mom gets back and see what she says." Brooke was going to stay by her Mother's orders and wait to see what she said about everything. Brooke knew Liz had lots to think about what with them having all the money now, but if they would just turn this into a steady business instead of giving up altogether, maybe they wouldn't have to stop with all the sexual fun they'd been having. She sighed thinking about it, a depressing sight that made Nathan give her a funny look. Brooke smiled at him, "sorry, just thinking." Brooke said.
"Oh, about what?" Nathan asked.
"Just thinking about what Mom is going to say when she gets home," Brooke explained.

8:50 a.m.

On the way to school, Liz was lost in thought as she drove Erika to school. She had just been a witness to her son fucking her youngest daughter on the dining room table, just before the rest of her kids ate breakfast.What type of family does that happen in?She thought,What am I supposed to do now?She started thinking about it all,everything just seems so crazy now.
The entire way to school, Liz kept thinking of things to say to Erika, but was having an internal battle, one part wanting to be the moral mother she was supposed to be and say something like "Erika, I'm very disappointed with you for fucking your brother in front of the whole family and enjoying every second of it." But thinking about it just made her so horny again that the other sex-demon side of her wanted to ask, "Does Nathan's cock feel as good as it looked?" Or "Are you still full of Nathan's cum? Can I eat it out of your pussy?" But that made her feel like such a bad mother she'd start thinking of ways to tell Erika off again, which made her horny thinking about why she should be angry with Erika, and this cyclical thinking and conflicting emotions kept Liz from saying anything to Erika during that trip to school.
Erika was staring out the window, lost in her own thoughts. She was still feeling the aftermath of her brother so roughly fucking her through so many orgasms, and now she could feel his spunk leaking out of her slowly and probably leaving a stain on mom's car seat. She didn't care though, she was feeling tingly and happy all over, never realizing before that sex could ever be so good, the only time she'd done it before was when her boyfriend had sex with her on Prom Night in her last school.
It was so fast and he was out of there before she could put her clothes back on and he was so embarrassed he never talked to her again. Truthfully, Erika had been feeling especially bitter since it had happened and might account for the reason she treated everyone with such disdain, but something about being used by her brother that morning, and feeling so amazingly content, things about the world seemed a little bit brighter.
Liz was very certainly surprised when Erika said, "Thanks for the ride Mom, you're the best." in a way that seemed downright grateful as she walked away from the car and to the backfield for the Cheerleading practice that morning.
Liz thought about how, well, un-bitchy her youngest daughter seemed. Liz thought that if she had just received the fucking she saw that morning she would probably be feeling a lot less angry too, if she were an angry person that is. She thought that maybe Nathan fucking his family is doing a lot of good for them, then felt guilty and horny at the same time and was completely conflicted the entire drive back as well.

8:59 a.m.

Nathan answered the door when the bell rang. It was Dr. Laurel Scots. So much had been happening lately he forgot that she was coming around again that morning, "Oh Laurel," he said, deciding since she blew him yesterday it was probably fine to drop the "doctor" part of his title for her, "How are you? Can I take your coat?" He added, hoping to get the rest of her outfit off as well.
"Um, no," Laurel replied, she didn't want to lose her lab coat there. As she walked into the foyer, she noticed that Nathan was only wearing shorts again. His penis did not seem to be currently erect though. "I'll keep my coat on, thank you," as she talked her eyes were glued to Nathan's crotch. She had been up most of the night thinking about what had happened the day before, refraining from rubbing her aching pussy thinking about Nathan exploding in her mouth or how she savored the taste, she tried not to think about his beautiful mother, Liz, sitting on his face and having a mighty orgasm on her son's tongue.
The naughtiness of it all was too much, but she had already told them that she considered what they were doing, though unethical, it wasn't putting anyone in danger and was therefore protected under her doctor-patient confidentiality agreement. At least, that's what she told herself. Really, deep down in the only recently awakened lustful part of herself, she was excited by witnessing something so taboo and longed to be a part of something like that again soon.
Nathan smiled, noticing how Laurel was ogling the outline of his cock, he could feel himself getting hard again, and saw as she unconsciously licked her lips as blood started to fill his cock. He thought about saying, "Hey, my eyes are up here," but didn't want her to realize he noticed her doing this. Instead, he said, "should we go to our doctor's office?" he said, "or should we wait for my mom first?"
They didn't have to wait long as that's when Liz walked in the front door and saw that Laurel was standing there with her son. She was feeling so conflicted as she drove home, should she admit to Nathan that they no longer needed the money and could put a stop to all this sexy fun she was having with him and the rest of her offspring, or she could let the sexual demon out and let loose completely with her son and daughters.
There were pros and cons of both, for one she could have a normal family again and they would all pitch in together on getting jobs and have normal family time instead of what they'd been doing,orthey could start doing these sessions full time, selling Brooke's lingerie in order to both make ends meet and also get all they needed, and then some, to keep that mansion up and running. She wasn't sure of anything, that is until she walked into her house again and saw Dr. Scots, standing there, biting her lip as she stared longingly at Liz's son's growing erection.
A thought entered Liz's brain as she stared at her family doctor,It's going to be so much fun to corrupt this woman,she thought. And with that idea, the sex demon, who Liz decided to start calling Lucy to herself anyway, awakened completely and Liz was sure she could get her doctor to fuck her son before lunchtime.
Liz was about to say that they should begin the examination when her phone rang. It was the high school that she just dropped Erika off at. She answered it and it was Erika and she was crying, "Mom, you have to come back to the school. I'm about to be expelled." Liz, back to her mother's mode, told her daughter she was leaving immediately to come and get her.
"I guess, I need to go back to the school," she sadly told Laurel and Nathan, "Erika's in trouble."
Nathan, his cock now rock hard, came out of his daze of seeing how far he could get before Laurel was flat out sucking on her lower lip, he heard Erika was in trouble and thought that he did steal her panties that morning and order her not to wear any, he wasn't sure of course, but he had a good feeling that she was probably in trouble because of him. "I'll go too." He told his mother.
This surprised Liz, "Well, you wouldn't have to go-"
"I'm going," Nathan said, "And Laurel's coming with us."
"What!?" Laurel stopped sucking her lip as this comment pulled her back to reality. "There's no reason for me to go!" She then looked to Nathan, not even realizing that she was already ready to do anything he said, "Is there?"
Liz, her hidden demon taking over again, said, "Well, it's important for Nathan to get his daily examination. It's about fifteen minutes to the school, you could probably knock it out on the way over."
Nathan smiled at his mother, glad she was seeing things his way, he turned to Laurel and saw that she was still awaiting his command, "That's right Laurel, you need to come with us, daily examination!"
He grabbed her hand and led her outside, following his mother, to her car that she parked in front for some reason. She had been more than a bit distracted when she pulled back in actually and was distracted even further when she saw that Laurel's car was in the front and just parked next to it. Nathan escorted Laurel and they both got in the back, as Liz got in the front seat.
Liz adjusted her mirror so she had a good view as Nathan pulled his cock out of his shorts and put Laurel's hands on it. Laurel slowly started to jerk off Liz's well-endowed son to which Liz scoffed, "No Laurel, you know the rules, we have to use something that's well lubricated to prevent chafing or scarring. You know that."
Liz started to drive, Laurel hardly heard Liz, her brain already filling full of the lust just recently awakened in her. "Um, I have lubricant in my car." She said, but Liz was already driving down the road.
"Sorry, we should get to the school, I guess you have a choice between using your mouth and using your pussy." Liz was positively delighted about this predicament.
Laurel gasped when Liz mentioned her pussy. It was already soaking wet, and she felt it had been that way since she left the Slope mansion yesterday. Though she was over 40 years old, lately her pussy had been leaking like a teenager's "Um, I'll use my mouth-AH!" She yelped as soon as she said mouth Nathan grabbed the back of her head and brought her face to his dick. Because she was yelping in surprise from the sudden action, her mouth was wide open as Nathan shoved half his cock into it. She was surprised again at the sheer size of it. He wasn't just long but so wide he really stretched her jaw to its limits.
Liz sat in the front and watched in the mirror as her son fucked the mouth of their family doctor. She slowed down and lightly started rubbing her pussy through her yoga pants. She was driving slow and almost didn't notice that a few cars were gathering behind her. Realizing she didn't want them to pass her and see what was going on in the backseat, she sped up to the speed limit.
Unfortunately, this brought them to the school in a decent amount of time and Liz, disappointed that she wouldn't get to see Nathan shoot his cum all over Laurel's face, she got out of the car but said, "Don't worry, I'm sure this will only take a few minutes."
Nathan came back to reality with those words and roughly yanked Laurel off his dick. "Shit, I didn't realize we were here." He said as he pulled his shorts up over his still rock hard dick. He couldn't believe he was turning down a blowjob but his sister was more important, especially if whatever happened to her was his fault.
Nathan got out of the car. His shorts did nothing to hide his huge boner sticking out in front of him covered only by the thin material. He pulled his shirt down, and fortunately, it was long enough to hang over his dick, but every step he took would cause his shirt to cling to one side of his cock or the other, and even when he stood still it was pretty obvious to anyone who looked at him that he had a raging hard-on.
Laurel stuck her head out the window, "Should I stay here?"
"No," Nathan ordered, "you should stay by my side until I tell you otherwise." He smiled as Laurel got out of the car without hesitation. She was very obedient and submissive. He was so confident at that moment he thought to himselfI am going to train you well into a good little slut.He wondered just how far he'd be able to push her.
Laurel was slightly conflicted with herself when she got out, but she was finding it harder and harder to disobey Nathan, especially when he was being so commanding, and shelovedit when he told her to do something and she obeyed him. Shewantedto obey him, even though she wasn't completely sure why.
The three of them walked into the school together, Nathan's boner leading the way. Because classes were currently in session there was no one in the hall at the moment, they turned right into the principal's office. Inside a secretary, with a name tag saying "Joanna" sat. She was about Nathan's age and looked bored until she saw them come in, she glanced at Nathan's crotch and her eyes perked up, she didn't see a whole lot of men come in there, especially not ones with raging erections. "You need something?" She asked, but her eyes were glued to Nathan's cock.
Nathan smiled confidently, he was glad to see he was having this effect on Jo, even though he'd never seen her before. She was hot though, not quite as hot as any of his family though. She had short red hair, C cups, and he could tell she had a nice figure even though she was currently sitting down.
Liz came in and she too smiled devilishly seeing the girl staring at Nathan like a bitch in heat. She hadn't thought she'd be able to continue any sexual fun at the school, but now her brain was already seeking out possibilities. "Um," she said to get Joanna's attention, "we're here about my daughter, Erika Slope."
Jo looked up from Nathan's cock, shaking herself out of her momentary fantasy, "Right, Principal Faithe wants to see you, um, only the, um, parents though." She said, glancing from Nathan to Laurel, who had walked in with her doctor's coat on, trying to look professional but knowing she'd take her shirt off right there and start sucking her own tits if Nathan asked her to, or anything else he wanted at that point. She tried not to look so damn horny but Jo could tell that something was bothering this doctor.
"I'm going in too, and Dr. Scots is coming in with us," Nathan said, authoritatively.
Jo was taken aback by this but didn't say or do anything to this man as he took his mother and doctor and marched into the back office. A few minutes later she wondered why she just let him do that? Maybe it was just his confidence, or that he was hung like a moose, but Joanna had never been driven by lust before, at least not like that. She learned in college that most boys would basically do everything for her for even the slightest chance that she would fuck them. But this man felt different. Something in her pussy was telling her so. This was a man she felt she'd have to do quite a bit in order to impress. She wondered if she should find out more about Erika Slope's brother.

9:00 a.m.

About 45 minutes ago, Liz pulled away from the school, and Erika walked to the back of the school for Cheerleading practice. She was still riding the sexual high from being fucked by her brother. She hoped that his cum, still steadily leaking out of her, wouldn't be too noticeable. She also hoped none of the other cheerleaders would care that she wasn't doing any jumps that day and stuck mostly to stretching away from them. Well, Erika usually stayed away from the rest of the class. She, much like her brother, had a hard time making friends outside of her family, so, for the most part, she never did.
Most of her classmates just assumed she was stuck up and thought she was too good for everyone else, and though Erika liked getting her way and throwing tantrums when she didn't, with her family and the people she felt close to anyway, she was just really shy with strangers. At her last school, she had a few friends that she could at least talk to while she was at school, she had yet to even have a conversation with one of the other students that weren't one of her cousins.
Her cousins were Natalie, Taylor, and Allison, triplets of her Aunt Andrea, Liz's, and Jenna's youngest of the three sisters. Though they mostly kept to themselves as well, though every guy thought they were the three hottest girls in the school, they were always seen together and never alone for long enough for any of the high school boys to get along together with them one on one.
Erika came and started doing stretches in the back. The Senior Cheerleading coach, Mia Johnson, only coached for the Seniors at that school as the school district liked to separate the Seniors into their own school, more or less, to help them better prepare for college.
The senior cheerleaders, outside of Erika, were Jazelle, an 18-year-old African American with curly black hair and tits as shapely as Erika's with an ass to die for. Tammy, 19 like Erika herself, the head cheerleader who had blonde hair with blue eyes, and Suzy, 18, who had black hair, and was amazingly cute but her tits weren't as big as the rest of the senior girls.
Suzy was secretly bisexual, something she wouldn't dare admit openly to the other cheer members for fear that she could no longer ogle them in the shower. Or make out with them when they were all drunk at parties. She even once went down on Tammy at one of these parties, something Tammy had either been too drunk to remember or had pretended to forget afterward.
Erika was lost in her own thoughts as she stretched. It was then that Coach Johnson announced, "Okay, pair up girls! Start doing sit-ups together."
Tammy and Jazelle were best friends so they immediately paired together as they always did, this left Erika with Suzy. Suzy immediately grabbed Erika's feet and Erika did her best to keep her legs closed together but there just wasn't any way she could hide the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties from Suzy, considering the positions they were both in.
Suzy gasped as Erika lay back, but didn't say anything. She glanced at Tammy and Jazelle but they were about 15 feet away and lost in conversation as they did their sit-ups. Suzy looked back, Erika had realized what Suzy saw and hadn't sat back up again.
Suzy smiled, feeling now she had something on Erika. She had been a mystery to Suzy since she came to their school a week ago. Suzy thought Erika was attractive and wanted to get to know her better, now if Suzy wanted something from her, there was no way she would say no. Suzy was considering this when a smell distracted her. It was like pussy, but different. She looked back at Erika's cunt and gasped again as she noticed a thick, white substance leaking out of her fellow cheerleader's moist pussy lips.
Suzy wasn't thinking, she was horny, the smell of Erika's wet pussy mixed with the spunk of a mystery man put Suzy immediately into a lust-filled haze and she almost couldn't help herself, she had always been super spontaneous. Suzy bent down and ran her tongue along Erika's slit, she had just wanted a taste but just that much spunk and pussy juice on her tongue sent Suzy into a fever and she started eating out Erika for all she was worth.
Erika was surprised by the sudden feeling. She was still incredibly turned on after her massive brother fucking her to orgasm multiple times just a half-hour ago, she was immediately twice as turned on feeling Suzy's tongue licking around and inside of her cunt.
She started panting, so turned on, she glanced at the other two senior girls in the class, and she was even more horny thinking about how she was getting her cunt kissed just feet away from others.
The extra naughtiness of it was enough to drive her over the edge and she couldn't help herself as she suddenly moaned, "Oh, oh, OHMYFUCKINGGOD!" And came to a very powerful orgasm right there on the edge of the woods, on the other side of the soccer field, with the rest of her cheerleading squad within sight of her.
Fortunately, she had thought enough to hold back so she didn't just scream it all out, unfortunately, it was still loud enough that Coach Johnson, who had been walking in between where Erika and Suzy lay and Jazelle and Tammy were sitting. She saw exactly what they were doing in total shock, and when she escorted them off the field and into the school, the other two girls of the cheerleader squad could only look after her confused about what had just happened.

9:45 a.m.

When Nathan, Liz, and Laurel walked into the principal's office, Suzy and Erika were both sitting there across from the main desk, along with Suzy's mother, Darlene, a brunette aged 39, she had large breasts, and kept in shape, like Nathan's mother Liz. She had gotten there just a few minutes beforehand and had been discussing pleasantries with Principal Abigail Faith.
Abigail herself was 45, she was a bit on the chubby side, but still had a good figure and was still considered attractive, that is until she started to speak, then most men who were hitting on her would usually find an excuse to be somewhere else right then. She was very uptight, caused mostly by not having one decent sexual experience since before she was married, nearly 25 years ago.
And her husband mostly just watched porn while she worked all day to provide for her family, which aside from her and her husband included her daughter Regina, who was also a senior at that school. Abigail was only grateful that her daughter wasn't a cheerleader, not with the type of stuff that happened on that day.
Nate walked in first, and everyone in the room turned and gaped at Nathan's cock for a moment. Erika smiled, seeing her brother in such a state aroused her, but she also found it humorous. Nathan was basically rock hard all the time now, of course, he'd come in with a humongous erection, even though she was in really bad trouble.
Suzy saw Nathan's cock. She knew who he was as she saw him drop Erika off for Cheerleader practice once before, and she overheard Erika say to her cousins at lunch once that "my brother dropped me off today." So Suzy knew that's who it was.
Suzy saw his cock and saw that it was rock hard, Suzy had swallowed a very large amount of semen out of Erika's pussy. She had wondered who Erika had fucked, as it seemed she spent most of her time at home and as far as Suzy knew, Erika didn't have a boyfriend or anything. But watching Nathan come in there with his huge cock sticking up in the air beneath his shorts, and Suzy started to have suspicions about what Erika might be doing with her brother.
Suzy's mother, Darlene, also saw Nathan's cock, and she had a more intense reaction than everyone else there. Darlene's eyes widened, her mouth dropped open, her breath caught in her throat. Darlene had Suzy 9 months after a one-night stand, she'd been working to keep her and Suzy alive and well cared for. Darlene couldn't even remember the last time she had a deeply sexual thought, let alone actual sex. She was just so busy all the time trying to keep everything afloat.
Suddenly, upon seeing Nathan's bulge come through the door, something she'd never thought could be so large, a floodgate opened in her pussy. Darlene had never been cock-crazy before, but something about that rock hard cock being the biggest she'd ever seen, she started to have a sudden onslaught of sexual thoughts attacking her. She felt the urge to touch herself, right there in front of everyone, but she refrained, not knowing for a second where these thoughts were even coming from.
Abigail, the principal, saw Nathan's rock hard erection as well. But she was such a non-sexual being that all she thought wasI am so glad this is an all-girl school, what'd this boy do, shove a salami down his pants? I've heard some boys stuff their crotches with socks or some such thing, but this boy is ridiculous.Part of her wanted to walk over and rip the sausage out of his pants to expose him, not realizing that "sausage" was attached to Nathan's body.
In walked Liz and Laurel right behind him. Abigail glanced between the three of them. "You know," Abigail said, "I only meant to talk to the mothers on this matter. There's no need for that, um, your whole family needs to be here." Abigail said to Erika as everyone came in.
"Look," Nathan said, "I'm Erika's big brother, and if anything's happened to her, I want to be the first to know," Nathan said, he turned and smiled at Erika and she beamed at him, she was so glad he was her brother, and not just because he fucked like a wildebeest, but he was always very protective of her.
Abigail glanced at Laurel, "What about her?"
Liz answered this time, "Oh, that's our doctor, she's here to look out for Nathan. He has, um-"
Nathan finished her sentence for her, "I have a severe medical condition. That can wait for now though, just tell us what happened." He ordered. Everyone else in the room except Abigail could feel as Nathan took over the whole room with supreme confidence. Abigail only stared in his eyes, she looked angry, she wanted really badly to stick this young man in his place, which was somewhere beneath her foot. She wasn't entirely aware that this was her brain's way of suppressing her sexual desires.
"Fine," she said up at him, sure this next bit was going to freak him out, "the cheerleading coach found them performing perverted acts on each other."
This surprised Suzy's mother Darlene, but with her brain filling her head with naughty thoughts about Erika's brother, it was hard for her to come completely down from her horniness, still, she asked, "Wait? What do you mean, 'perverted acts?' That could mean anything."
"I mean," Abigail said, trying to find a way to say this politely, "that Suzanne," Suzy winced, her name was just Suzy but the principal liked to use that name anyway whenever she was in trouble, "Suzanne," Abigail went on, "was performing cunnilingus on Erika Slope."
Darlene gasped and looked at her daughter with anger in her eyes. She was still too horny though, and unbeknownst to Suzy, a lot of the "anger" coming through her mother's face was actually unbridled lust.
Darlene's thoughts were extremely conflicted, for one, she had never known that her daughter liked girls in that way, for another, doing something so publically was causing Darlene's pussy to soak her panties. She knew she was going to have to go home and change before she went back to work, even though she knew she shouldn't be having sexual thoughts like this about her own daughter, but she was having a hard time thinking anything else at the moment as things in that office had suddenly become incredibly sexually charged.
Suzy didn't realize that Darlene was having such internal conflict and just assumed that she was looking at her like that out of pure anger, "I'm sorry Mom," she said, feeling like she might be about to cry, "It wasn't my fault." Though right after Suzy wasn't sure why she said that.
"What do you mean?" Abigail cut in, her greatest joy in life, mostly because she'd never had even one good sexual experience, was getting students to confess to crimes, or confess to other person's crimes, "Did Erika force you to perform such a heinous act?"
"No, um," Suzy took a deep breath, she was so overcome with emotions right then, for one thing, but for another, eating cum out of Erika's pussy was one of the best things she'd ever tasted, so she figured even if she got suspended, it was worth it.
She glanced at Erika sitting next to her, with her long, sexy legs, perky, youthful breasts, and her fit, sexy body, but Erika was so incredibly calm about this that it surprised Suzy and made her feel less bad when she just blurted out, "Erika forgot to wear panties that morning, and when I saw there was cum leaking out of her, I just couldn't stop myself." It was the truth anyway.
Nathan, upon hearing this, it made his cock twitch. Something everyone in that room noticed immediately. Darlene, upon hearing the dirtiness of her daughter's action and seeing this boy's massive boner move, she suddenly moaned, "Ooh!" only to cover her mouth with both her hands, surprising herself for feeling so amazingly horny.
"I'll be there to supervise," Nathan told the room suddenly. "From now on I'll be at every cheerleading practice to make sure nothing like this happens again." Truthfully, Nate was feeling extremely guilty now, he was right and it was his fault that Erika got in trouble. He figured if he were there from now on, the least he could do is keep his sister from getting in trouble like this again. It's not her fault he had developed a near out of control libido.
"You!" Abigail practically shouted, "First off, I don't hire men at this school," she was very anti-men, mostly because she only saw them like she saw her husband, deadbeats, and perverts, all of them! "Secondly, I don't see how you could help stop one slut from eating the cunt of another slut!"
She was so angry she wasn't censoring herself at all, "You're probably just as perverted as these too girls eating semen from each other's pussies! What perverts we have at that school!" Abigail being so severe and so sexual in her speech, it made Nate's cock twitch again, causing a few of the women to moan as they watched.
Abigail saw Nathan's dick twitch, but thought it was still some kind of trick. She decided it was time to reveal this man as the fraud she believed him to be. She crossed the room, and before anyone realized what she was doing, she reached into Nathan's and roughly yanked his cock out.
"Ow!" Nathan shouted as she pulled his cock out.
Laurel licked her lips longingly as Nathan's dick came into view. Darlene's pussy was just flat out leaking now, and she felt herself twitch, she moaned again but held back enough that the only person to hear it was her daughter. Suzy was surprised at her mother's reaction, but was both horny herself and just flat out confused about what was going on that she pretended not to notice.
Something she couldn't pretend was watching her principal as she slowly started to jerk off Erika's brother. Abigail was so surprised by what she had done, and that what she had already convinced herself that Nathan was faking his massive erection, and never thought she'd actually hold such a giant cock in her hands right at that moment. She started slowly feeling along its enormous length without even thinking about it, it felt so hot in her hand, she was feeling something she wasn't sure she'd ever felt before, her own sexual appetite.
Liz glanced around the room as all this happened and she smiled. She was starting to suspect that now that Nathan had more confidence he was going to become increasingly more hard to resist. Her sex demon was out in full force now and as she looked around the room as everyone ogled her son she only began to come up with ways to take things further. "What are you doing, Principal Faithe?!" She tried to sound shocked.
Abigail was ripped out of her trance, "Oh my god, I'm so sorry." She shouted as she quickly took her soft hands off of Nathan's cock. Everyone in the room was briefly taken out of it.
That is until Liz added, "You can't jerk Nathan off without the proper lubricant, here, maybe Dr. Scots should demonstrate."
Laurel was shocked at the proposition, "Um, I don't know if that's-"
Nathan was getting tired of Dr. Scots' bullshit, "Laurel, get over here and get on your knees." He ordered, calmly, but all the women in that room could tell he was angry and they could feel his power, "Everyone should know my proper treatment, especially if I'm going to be working at the school three days a week now."
Abigail sat behind her desk after backing away from Nathan a moment before, she leaned forward now, resting her arms on her desk, interested in what this treatment was, "What is the reason for this?" She asked Liz, afraid to look at the doctor who was now getting on her knees in front of Nathan so that his fully exposed erection was now directly in front of her face.
"Oh," Liz thought quickly, "Nathan has a rare condition which causes very frequent and painful erections." She felt that was pretty good so she added, "Also his balls, um, testicles I mean get very full of semen to a point where they might cause permanent damage," she was on a roll now so she also said, "Unfortunately the only cure is frequent orgasms throughout the day." For Liz in that heightened sexual room, all eyes on Nathan's cock as Laurel started to examine it, she felt that all made sense to her.
Laurel had been listening to Liz, "Umm," she started to say to interject as none of that was technically correct.
"That's all true isn't it, Dr. Scots," Nathan said. It was an order not a question and Laurel realized this immediately.
"Yes, all true," Laurel said immediately like the good dog she wanted to be for Nathan, she felt a jolt as her nipples hardened on her giant boobs. Every time she obeyed him, it supremely turned her on. "But in order to give him these many orgasms each day, he'll need, first the proper amount of lubricant, and secondly a willing participant." Her pussy pulsed with every syllable she said, she couldn't believe they were getting away with this in front of Nathan's mother, his sister, his sister's principal, along with some other high school student and their mom. She didn't realize before, but she really liked all the attention. She wanted to lie for Nathan more so she added, "He needs to have women available for use, it'sveryunhealthy for Nathan to practice masturbation."
Though Abigail for the first time in her life was starting to feel sexually excited, this last part didn't make sense to her, "Um, why would that be? Seems like any boy's doing it all the time anyway." She didn't know that much about male sexuality and just assumed most cliches she'd heard.
"Well, that might work in a typical setting," Laurel was so turned on she wasn't even sure what was coming out of her mouth, "But Nathan needs orgasms at such a frequent rate that he needs increasing sexual stimulation as his treatment continues. It's better to be able to have a willing partner with ways to stimulate him that are naturally lubricated, such as with a mouth or a vagina." Laurel's own vagina was so wet now she wanted to shove both hands in her pussy, but she couldn't, not unless Nathan told her to.
"I see," Abigail said, leaning forward even further in her seat, "this seems like a very interesting medical condition. I'll have to use our school nurse, Mary, to examine him next time he comes in."
Mary would be able to tell if this were a real condition or not, Abigail thought. Though she didn't realize she had done so consciously, she had already accepted Nathan's offer of moderating the cheerleader squad from now on. She wanted to study this man as he seemed to be the polar opposite of her own husband, but she was sure this was some kind of trick still and Nate would reveal his true, loser self to her soon.
Laurel nodded and stared at Nathan's cock, then looked up at his face, waiting patiently.
Nathan smiled, Laurel was his pet, he realized, he never would have thought his family doctor who he'd known his whole life would one day become such a willing fuckslut. "Suck my cock." He said, loud enough that everyone else in the room could hear him.
"Oooh!" Darlene moaned excitedly as Laurel leaned forward and engulfed Nathan's dick about halfway, Darlene moaned again as this doctor started to enthusiastically bob on this young man's cock. She, much like everyone in the room, couldn't believe any of these things were happening, but also couldn't look away from the scene in front of her.
The least she could do, if only to save face in front of her daughter, she refrained from ripping her clothes off and collapsing to the floor finger fucking her pussy and ass at the same time. She'd had many lovers in the past but she felt this was probably the most sexually excited she'd ever felt. She did her best to not notice that Suzy kept looking at her as well.
Suzy couldn't help but look back and forth between this sexy, blonde, MILF doctor giving Erika's hot brother a blowjob in the principal's office, and her mother as she moaned softly and rubbed her legs up to just above the knee every time she got to the hem of her skirt she would push it up a little bit more every time.
Suzy could hardly believe this, but after what she just deduced about Erika and her brother, and what was happening in front of her right now watching Darlene as she got more and more turned on, she had never thought of her mother in a sexual way before. She couldn't imagine why, right then. She loved ogling all the girls in her class, along with her teachers, her mother was hotter than all of them, she thought as she looked at her mother now in her blue business skirt and long brunette hair.
She always dressed so professionally and kept herself looking as good as she did, she worked two jobs, both as a secretary for different businesses that are open different shifts. She worked at least 6 days a week, and she and her mom still lived in a house that was falling apart and couldn't afford anything but the cheapest food. She was a beautiful sexy independent woman, and Suzy suddenly had an urge to stick her tongue in her mother's mouth.
Liz watched the scene as well, she suddenly remembered that they were getting lubricant in the mail that day, and wouldn't really have an excuse to keep doing anything but handjobs with Nathan again. But the sex demon inside of her was fighting back against this moral decision.
Liz was feeling so conflicted it seemed easier to let this lustful side of her take over. It was time to push this further, "Dr. Scots, I know you're trying your hardest right now to make my son cum, but you weren't able to do it with just your mouth on the way over," she couldn't believe what she was saying and yet continued anyway, "by your own admission, the sexual stimulation needs to elevate throughout the day," she was trying her best to mimic Laurel's more medical like speech, "wouldn't that be a sign that it's better to elevate this to achieve faster orgasm?"
Liz was hoping to give a double blowjob with Laurel in front of these other women and her daughter, but Nathan took this a different way. "She's right Laurel, stand up and get your clothes off." He ordered.
Laurel wordlessly did so. Once she was naked Nathan suddenly pushed her back on the desk and start fucking her in front of everyone. Abigail was closest to this and could do nothing but stare as Nathan's giant cock penetrated this woman and he began slowly thrusting inside his doctor's cunt.
Abigail was at a loss for words, she had been told this was a necessary medical procedure by someone who was definitely a doctor, but that same doctor was now moaning loudly, "OH FUCK ME NATHAN! I've never felt so good in my life! OH MY GOD!" as she had an orgasm and Nathan fucked his hot, blonde, middle-aged doctor and they pushed all the papers off her desk and Abigail watched it all as this woman's breast bounced wildly from only a foot away. Abigail was feeling something she'd never felt before, horniness, though she wasn't sure what it was, that's how foreign such sexual simulation was to her.
Darlene was also having a reaction, her soft moaning had gotten quite audible. She could feel her pussy gush, she suddenly collapsed out of her chair as her legs shook and she came in her panties.
Suzy watched her mom as she came and too was overcome with lust. She suddenly got down on the floor with her mom and started kissing her mother passionately, Darlene, hardly able to comprehend what was happening kissed her daughter back, they dueled tongues in each other's mouths and without realizing she was even doing it, Darlene started groping her own daughter's breasts. Suzy squealed with delight.
Erika, wanting to get in on the action, got down behind Suzy, the way she was situated now she had her butt up on the air, with her cheerleader skirt still on, it was a very simple matter of pushing Suzy's panties down around her knees, and sticking her tongue in her pussy. This was the first time she'd ever eaten a pussy that wasn't from one of her sisters, she thought maybe it would be different from Lexi's pussy somehow, but she just discovered she loved the taste of pussy, no matter who it was attached to.
Nathan started to cum, deep in Dr. Scots' pussy, and Laurel came a second time while he did so, "Oh my god! FILL ME UP!" She screamed as he pumped her womb full of his copious semen.
Liz smiled, evilly, at how her work had progressed, she was just thinking that she would definitely eat Nathan's cum out of Laurel's pussy once her son took his softening dick out of her. She was wondering if she could get everyone else in that room naked as they coaxed her son to another orgasm.
This was too much for Abigail though. Her brain was on overload, with this new feeling, and as she often did with any new idea in her brain, she suppressed her horniness down deep and suddenly the authoritarian in her took over. "THAT'S ENOUGH!" She shouted as she slammed her hand on the desk right next to Laurel's head, "Everyone will get dressed. As long as Nathan holds up his end of the bargain to help manage the senior cheerleaders so nothing like, well, like what happened in this office happens again, I will allow these two girls to stay in the cheerleaders but I am still going to suspend you both from school for the next two days. You can come back on Friday. Nathan you will arrive early so that I can have Mary examine you and you will meet the Cheerleader coach. That's all."
Abigail then waved everyone out, though many were in various states of undress and had to dress first.
Though the walls around the office were more or less soundproof, not on purpose that's just how it happened and it bugged Joanna because she never could hear people approaching the door before they usually just came in. But it wasn't soundproof at all between Abigail's office and Joanna's secretarial area. Jo just sat and listened as to what happened beyond that door. She knew more or less exactly what had happened inside.
Jo wasn't a slut but she had a few boyfriends in the past. She wasn't a prude either like she had assumed Principal Abigail Faithe was before about half an hour ago. She wasn't too sexually adventurous but she did have a great number of fantasies, spending an awful lot of time in that office looking up erotica on her phone, or sometimes porn videos on particularly slow days, and it sounded like whatever happened on the other side of that door was hotter than anything she'd ever thought to look up.
She pretended to look busy as people started to come out of Abigail's office. First came Darlene and Suzy, Joanna pretended not to notice that they were having a hard time looking at each other but they just ignored Jo as they left the school.
A minute or two later, Nathan came out, he had his shorts back on and didn't seem to be rock hard, but his huge dick was still entirely visible if not entirely erect. Jo turned and smiled at him but he just ignored her as he walked past. Jo had never been ignored by a straight man before. She grumbled to herself but perked up as she watched Erika, Liz, and Laurel come through, as they all looked as sexually charged as she was and all three of them sexy as all hell. She thought about looking up some lesbian porn a little later. She'd never done anything like that with another girl but liked to fantasize about it sometimes.
After they had left the office, Abigail stuck her head out of the door, "cancel my meetings for the rest of the day."
"Okay," Jo said as Principal Faith locked herself in her office, and Jo didn't see her again until it was time to leave for the day.

11:17 a.m.

Out in the parking lot, Nathan caught up to Suzy and her mother before they got to their car. He figured he should probably do some crowd control. "Hey, Darlene, Suzy," he said as he approached to get their attention.
They both turned, Darlene's breath caught in her throat and she almost fell over. Not at all expecting Nathan to ever talk to her.
"Hey," Suzy said right back to Nathan, not missing a beat. "So, you got a pretty nice doctor, huh?"
Nathan laughed, he felt he was going to like Suzy, "Oh yeah, she's very professional."
"Obviously," Suzy said and laughed as well. She was feeling a little awkward for making out with her mom just now, but she saw what just being around Nathan was doing to Darlene, she knew she was going to have to find some way to get Nathan, her mom, and she together sometime just to see what happened.
She didn't have to wait that long as Liz, Erika, and Laurel came out into the parking lot then, they saw them and walked over. Liz smiled seeing her son already prowling for more tail.He was just such a fucking stud, she thought. And began wondering, much like Suzy was, just what would happen if she got them together now? "I think we're going to have some lunch back at our house," she suggested, "Darlene, you and your daughter should join us, it's the least we could do after what happened."
Darlene seemed mortified at the suggestion but before she could say anything Suzy answered, "Sure, we'll be there!" And suddenly grabbed her mother's hand and pulled her towards the car. "This is going to be fun! We'll just follow you." She said over her shoulder as she walked away. Darlene couldn't believe her daughter, she had always been such a free spirit, something Darlene had a hard time understanding being so caught up in the world of business, something she was already feeling she was going to have to return to, and now she was going to lunch with this strange family?
Then she remembered that Nathan would be there, making her pussy tingle though she wished it wasn't. This was all too strange to her, she had no way to tell what was about to happen, and she had no idea whether she wanted that to happen or not. Still, she got in the car, and tried not to think about how she could still taste her daughter's tongue or remembered how her breasts felt in her hands, she knew it could never happen again, and she could never talk to Suzy about this. How could she?
They all got in the two cars. Liz got in the driver's side and Nathan got in the back followed immediately by Laurel, which made Erika grumble but she decided it was probably better to not have a sexy fun time with Nathan when they were about to have lunch with near-strangers. Even if one of those strangers had just eaten her pussy, just before she ate hers. She was fairly certain they probably wouldn't be happy watching from behind them as she mounted her brother and fucked him in the back seat. Then again, maybe they would? They seemed totally fine watching the doctor fuck him in the principal's office. She wondered...
Erika got in the front seat and Liz started driving, she adjusted her mirror, though the sex demon wanted her to see if Nathan and Laurel were about to get up to anything else, her moral, motherly side knew she should probably just keep an eye on the car behind her.
As it turned out though, Erika wanted to talk to her mother anyway, and Liz soon forgot she was supposed to keep an eye on Darlene and Suzy behind them. "So," Erika said, "I see you don't care who Nathan is fucking anymore." feeling jealous, even though Nathan fucked her on a table that morning, she wasn't the one sitting in the back seat now or the one he fucked on Principal Faithe's desk.
"Why do you say that? You just fucked him this morning." Liz was getting really tired of Erika's attitude that week. She had no right to be judgmental to her anymore. Also after everything that had happened that day, Liz's sex demon was feeling very strong right then. "Do you see me turning into a jealous baby because of it? No, I should be the one telling you off right now but instead, I've just been just as much a horny slut as you've been."
Erika's mouth dropped open, she'd never seen this side of her mom before. She didn't know what to say.
Liz started to feel bad though, "Look, I'm sorry, I know things have been rough lately but we're all doing what we can to get this money we need." She lied, but she wanted Erika to be a bit more understanding, "If you can do me a favor, and just try to be less jealous, I'd be very proud of you."
Erika smiled, she knew this was all so they could keep their house, "I'm really sorry Mom," she said, "I want to do my part, and I know we all are, but I can't help that I get so emotional whenever Nathan's around me, and especially when I see him with someone else. How am I supposed to get over this?"
Liz sighed, Nathan did have that effect on her as well, just not the jealousy part, "I want to see where you're coming from Erika, I really do. But what the doctor said was correct, if only partly, your brother has very strong sexual needs, especially now. There's no way he could settle on just one woman. You have to know that, especially not now."
Erika moped, but she knew Liz was right. Her brother was some kind of super stud, but still, "I could satisfy him," she said, even though she wasn't sure.
"If you say so," Liz said, she was just glad Erika had calmed down.
As soon as Laurel got into the backseat, she cozied up to Nathan and leaned into him as he put an arm around her. Laurel's lust was now fully awakened, and she was starting to fall for Nathan, she knew as well. Either way, she was happy for the moment. She cuddled up to Nathan and whispered, "Oh my God, that was hot." She told her lover.
Nathan smiled down at Laurel, his boner was threatening to come back already, "Yeah it was," he agreed, "are you going to stay for lunch? Maybe we can have some more fun before you go back to work."
This made Laurel grumble, "Oh god, don't remind me. I really hate my job, I mean, I love being a doctor, especially your doctor," she added, and then leaned in and kissed him for a moment before continuing, "but my boss is such a bitch!" Laurel was feeling very free and open and sexually satisfied. She wanted to tell Nathan everything about her life, but she was starting to come back to reality now. She knew she was going to have to go back to her old, non-sexual life very soon, and it disappointed her.
Nathan thought about this and felt sorry for his sexy doctor, "Maybe, if this whole online sales thing works out we can hire you on as our family doctor." Nathan thought about this and it made sense to him, "I mean, you could come to our house to work every day instead of the other job, but I guess it would only work if our 'business' works out."
Laurel thought about this, maybe it was her newly developed sexuality but she answered, "Yes," but sighed, sadly, "I mean, if everything works out and you could hire me, that would be great. I just don't want to get my hopes up." She was too horny to really think about the logistics of it all, but it sounded good in her sex-filled mind right then.
But then Laurel thought about it, she realized she wasn't thinking, for one thing, though her daughter was going to college, she still lived with her and commuted to school. Laurel sighed, "Actually, I have a daughter, Mindy, living with me, she's a little older than you," she said, "She's going to college, but she's still living with me, I can't start working somewhere else where I can't be sure I won't be getting at least the same pay I am at the office." She sighed, "I need to be able to support my daughter." She explained.
"Hmm," Nathan said, "I guess our money is pretty limited right now. I guess just table that and we'll talk about it later." Nathan felt he could probably order Laurel to quit her job if he wanted, but he didn't want to feel like a selfish asshole if they couldn't actually pay Laurel and her daughter and she wound up homeless. Nathan wasn't thinking at the time that they had plenty of extra bedrooms at the mansion.
Laurel smiled though, she loved that Nate was being so understanding, "Okay," she said, "I have to get back to work when we get back but I'll try to be back when I get off again for your other, um, examination."
"Good," Nathan said, and was about to order Laurel to get naked and ride his cock so Darlene and Suzy could watch her giant boobs flop around while he fucked her, but that's when Liz pulled in the drive, she pulled all the way back and opened the garage, though Darlene and Suzy never showed up.
On the trip over, Darlene was trying to pretend her daughter wasn't there, feeling increasingly embarrassed as the car ride went on, but after a minute of silence, not even the radio playing, Suzy wasn't having that.
"I loved kissing you Mom," Suzy flat out blurted out.
Darlene gasped, but then said, "Um, thanks, uh, sweetie." What else could she say?
"I also loved that you felt my tits while we were kissing," Suzy said.
Darlene was so surprised by this, her daughter had always been so strong-willed, and she'd been completely open with Darlene her whole life, even telling her right after she realized she was bisexual, and Darlene supported her. But this couldn't continue, "Look, Suzy, what we did was wrong. Whether or not it felt good, I mean, for you," Darlene didn't want to admit she enjoyed it as well, "We can't do that again."
Suzy guffawed, "Oh my god, Mom, don't be like that."
"Suzy," Darlene was being stern, "don't fight me on this."
Suzy sat back feeling grumpy, after another minute she had something to say, "Look, Mom, okay I won't fight you but let me say a few things anyway. First, seeing you cum in that room was maybe the most beautiful thing I think I've ever seen. Second, I never knew my father, but all the boyfriends you've had since then have been kind of douchebags. And Third, You're the strongest, most independent woman I've ever known, you work two jobs and still had time for me when I had ballet recitals in grade school, or even now you'll come out just to see me cheer. You're like a superwoman Mom and I love you for being my mother."
Darlene heard that, and it brought joy to her heart, but it also brought conflict to her mind, "But you're my daughter, Suzy, I love you too, and I love hearing you say such nice things to me, but we can't have a relationship like that."
"Okay, Mom," Suzy said, and sat back in her chair, but she saw that her mother needed to hear those words too. Also, Suzy knew she wasn't going to let that sit. Darlene knew this too, but she knew she wasn't going to let her daughter seduce her either.
Darlene decided as they followed the other car to pull off on a side road and head back home. Suzy didn't question this, Darlene had to get ready for her next job anyway.

11:30 a.m.

Liz pulled into the driveway and had to drive around two other cars to get to the garage. The second was Laurel's car, but the first she recognized as her sister's Jenna. She sighed when she saw it. Jenna loved poking her nose in her life, and it worried her greatly her sister being there at this moment in her life. Though her sex demon fought against it after all the happenings at the school, Liz consciously forced all her lust down deep where it couldn't get out.
"Think about what I said," Nathan told Laurel as they got out of the car and she started walking towards her own, "and don't worry about coming back tonight, my Aunt is here now, so it's probably better if you don't come back."
This disappointed the doctor, but she realized she should probably go back to reality too. She sighed, "I'll be back tomorrow in the morning though. You need a lot of care, I think. I might be able to talk to my boss about letting me take on this personal case full time."
Nathan watched her as she left, she swayed her sexy hips, though it was hard to see in her ass in her doctor's coat, he could just imagine what it was like having those same riding him as they fucked earlier. He couldn't wait to see Laurel again tomorrow. But he had a feeling things were about to go back to normal really fast, at least while Aunt Jenna was there.
Erika came up to him, feeling about the same, "I guess we won't get to have any fun for the rest of the day." She moped.
"Well, she might leave early," Nathan suggested. But they both knew Aunt Jenna stuck around, she loved everything about their house, the oversized everything, that there were too many bedrooms. It's why she was always suggesting every time she could that she and her daughters should move in as well.
Nathan wondered if any of his cousins were there, briefly remembering all the times they've come over and joined in the bullying from his sisters and they've always kind of treated him as something less than human. This thought just made him angry though, and he knew that if any of his cousins were there, he was not about to start behaving like a docile dog again. He wasn't about to lose his newfound confidence.
Luckily for Nathan, or perhaps his cousins, only Jenna came over. She was standing in the foyer as they came in through the garage. She was dressed in a two-piece bathing suit and had a towel over her shoulder. She came over often to use the pool whenever she could. A very good excuse for her to get information out of her sister.
"Hey guys," Jenna said to Liz, Nathan, and Erika as they came in from the garage, she didn't seem to notice how disappointed they were to see her. Though Nathan looked less disappointed as he ogled her fit form. She was a beauty, just like the rest of the women in his family.
His mom's sister seemed to inherit the same genes she did when it came to her feminine aspects, great, shapely boobs with hardly any sag despite her 41 years of age, just as large as his mothers. She had long, blonde hair that she liked to keep cut just above her shoulder line, though not quite as fit as his mom, she still had a rocking body from always being on her toes working two jobs to keep her house.
It was a wonder she ever had the time or the energy to come over to their house at all, but here she was once again, poking her nose in her sister's business. "Just thought I'd use the pool. Thought maybe you'd want to join me as well, Liz."
Liz scoffed at this, but Jenna pretended not to notice. Liz knew that Jenna would just keep pestering her until she joined her sister at the pool. Luckily she had an excuse not to right then, "We were just about to have lunch actually." She simply said.
"Oh, that sounds great. I'm starving." Jenna said as she made her way into the dining room, inviting herself. Nathan stared at her bulbous ass as she walked away, just the right amount of fat to look absolutely fuckable to him. He shook his head. He'd been overly sexually stimulated lately he was looking at every woman like a potential sex partner. His aunt was hot, just like his mom and sisters, but he wasn't going to push his luck.
Erika was upset only because of how sexed up everything seemed to be that morning she was hoping to fuck Nathan again as soon as they got in the door. Personally she loved Aunt Jenna, Erika looked up to her as a role model. Unlike her mom, she stood up for herself and worked for everything she had and still seemed happily content whenever she saw her. But though Erika loved Jenna dearly, she also knew she couldn't have sexy fun with her brother while she was there. Still she only grumbled silently as she walked into the dining room with everyone else.
Brooke wasn't there yet so Liz sent her a text message that lunch was being served. It was BLT sandwiches being brought in two plates at a time by Brianna, she was bringing them in very quickly and getting out before Jenna could say anything to her. Bri did not like Jen, she felt that she was overly critical of Liz and completely full of herself. So whenever Jen was at their house she would keep herself busy in any room she wasn't in.
"Well," Jen said to the room as Bri brought out more sandwiches and Brooke came into the room, "Liz has informed me that she has a new boyfriend. Have you kids met him already?" Jen smirked like the cat who'd caught the canary after she said this, thinking she was revealing information that no one else knew. Liz and her children exchange worried glances, and Jen took this to mean she was right on the money, and Liz hadn't revealed that she was dating again to her children. "So, tell me about him, Liz, what's he like?" She went on, happy as a clam that she could push her sister's buttons.
"Um, well, ugh," Liz stammered out. She wasn't sure how she should go on about this.
"He's probably the nicest person you'd ever meet, and the sexiest too," Brooke said, she never liked how Jenna treated her mother, partly because she didn't like that about herself and how she treated her brother up until a few days ago. She was saying this to stand up for her mother, but everyone but Jenna knew she was talking about Nathan.
"Oh, so you have met him." Jenna said, "And you think your mother's boyfriend is sexy? Liz, do you tolerate such talk from your own daughter?"
This statement made Brooke blush and look away. "Actually, I think I'll eat in my room." She said as she excused herself from the table. She knew if she let Jenna get to her, she was just going to start arguing and might let something slip that she couldn't unsay. It was probably better just to avoid her for the time being.
Nathan watched his sister go, and he could feel his anger begin to rise. He told himself he wouldn't let his Aunt or her family get to him when they got home from Erika's school, but Jenna was starting to make it really hard. For the moment though, he bit his tongue.
Liz sighed, reluctantly watching her daughter walk away as well. She wanted to run away from this conversation but didn't know how without raising a red flag in Jenna's brain. She decided it was probably best to just tiptoe around the truth, "Brooke can say my boyfriend is sexy if she wants to because he is sexy. He's probably the sexiest man I've ever met, actually, and I'm proud of my daughter for thinking the same thing as me. It means she has good taste."
"But you know that means that your daughter has a crush on your new boyfriend." Jenna teased, "She wants to make love to him." Jenna laughed.
Liz blushed, Jenna was getting a lot closer to the truth than she would like, "Jenna, how about we go down by the pool like you suggested before," Liz suggested, hoping it would distract her sister for at least a moment, "We can work on our tans?" Liz had hardly touched her sandwich but she had lost her appetite now anyway.
This left Erika and Nathan in the room together. Erika got up and walked over to her brother, being sure to look at him with her sultry eyes, and walk in a way to be as sexy as possible with her hips swaying and her legs gently rubbing together. It seemed to have the desired effect as Nathan gulped while watching his sister walk over to him and his mouth dropped open and he dropped his sandwich.
"I'm sorry I got in trouble at school today big brother," Erika said in a cutesy, baby doll voice, as she came over and sat in her brother's lap, putting a leg on either side of him. His huge cock rubbed against Erika's bare pussy under her cheerleading skirt, "I hope you won't have to punish me." She went on as she pushed her large, perky tits into Nathan's face.
Nathan grabbed her ass and started to kiss and suck the sides of her tits, slowly moving his mouth towards her nipples but suddenly he pushed her away. Erika looked at him, feeling rejected, "I'm sorry," he said, "I want you so bad, Erika, but with Aunt Jenna here, we have to be really careful. Just wait until she leaves."
"But that will be forever!" Erika wined, acting like a spoiled kid upset that her parents won't buy her the newest video game. "Can't you just fuck me right here! I'll be quiet!" She yelled.
Nathan almost laughed but suppressed the urge, "Erika, I love you, but I'm gonna take the high road. I'm sorry, okay. I'll make it up to you later." He felt like he was telling his sister he'd take her to the movies for forgetting her birthday or something similar, not just promising that they'd fuck later. It was a weird feeling.
Erika was about to scream, her face got really tight and really red. Nathan had seen this before. And decided it was time to run away.
As he ran up the stairs in the foyer, he heard Erika scream at the top of her lungs as she threw a fit.

12:01 p.m.

Out by the pool, Liz and Jenna also heard Erika screaming, "Sounds like Erika is throwing one of her patented tantrums." Jenna said.
Liz wondered if Nathan had anything to do with that, "Um, yeah, she's always been a handful." She said. They were lying on their fronts in their two-piece swimsuits, working on each of their tans on their backs and legs.
"So," Jenna said, turning to her sister now, "are you going to spill the beans on your secret boyfriend?"
Liz sighed as she looked away from Jenna, "No, I think I'd rather just work on my tan please."
"Oh, come on, Sis," Jenna exclaimed, "Give me something. What's he look like?"
Liz cringed, she realized she was going to have to tell Jenna something if she didn't want her pushing her too hard. She couldn't tell her everything, like the object of her desire was Nathan, Liz's son....
That would probably destroy her relationship with her sister forever, and worse, what if Jenna went to the police about it? Incest was illegal, Liz knew that much, and immoral, though Liz's personal morals had been fading on the subject, she knew her sister wouldn't approve and would try to control her. Liz honestly wasn't sure if that control would rise to the level of going to the police.
Liz sighed again, "He's tall." She told her sister hoping she wouldn't push it.
"Just tall?" Jenna teased, "Maybe he's so tall you can't see the rest of him."
"Fine, if you must know, his hair is auburn. He's got blue eyes and he's muscular and fit, but not overly so." Liz said, she should have stopped there but she felt emboldened and a little horny thinking about her son and went on anyway hardly thinking about it, "He's also one of the nicest people I've ever known, though I guess I've seen a darker side to him as well, especially lately."
"Oh," Jenna said, "Is he a bad boy?"
"Not in that way," Liz said, feeling proud of her son, "He just has a temper, but it only ever crops up when one of his girls gets out of hand-" Liz gasped and stopped herself, realizing she just let something slip.
"Wait,one of his girls?"Jenna said, like it was in a language she didn't understand and she was just trying out the phrase for the first time. "Is your boyfriend a pimp?"
Liz gulped, "No," she said firmly, "I meant his, um," she was trying to think quickly, she searched for her sex demon, but it seemed to have gone away for the time being. Maybe she was as scared of her sister as she was, "his daughters." She said, knowing she'd already taken too much time to come up with that answer.
"That is such a lie," Jenna, "Okay, he's not a pimp. Do you let him sleep with multiple women."
Liz gulped. She knew that Jenna was getting closer. She didn't know how much longer she'd be able to keep the most important secrets from her.

12:14 p.m.

While his mom and aunt talked by the pool behind the mansion, Nathan ran up the stairs and away from his sister Erika after throwing her tantrum. He was just trying to be safe while their aunt was there, she didn't have to throw a fit every time she didn't get her way.
Nathan was almost to his room when Brooke accosted him in the hall. She ran up to him and pushed him up against the wall.
"Hey, what-" Nathan started to say before his older sister swooned into him and stuck his tongue down his throat. Nathan kissed her back, enjoying the taste of her saliva as he did so, but he pushed her away.
"What? I'm just looking for a little fun," Brooke said playfully, sashaying back and forth and pushing her chest out to show off her huge breasts. She was about to pounce back on her brother when he said:
"Okay, look, I would love to, Brooke, I really would, but I just told Erika 'no' too, we can't let Aunt Jenna find out what we've been doing." Nathan gulped just thinking about it, "I have no idea what she would do."
Brooke thought about this, "Okay, fine, no sexy fun. But there's something I wanted to show you that's in my room. It's something for the website."
Nathan nodded, "Alright, lead the way," he followed her sister to the other side of the hall. He stayed in Rm. 15 and she in Rm. 7, or they did before they all moved into their mom's room a few days ago.
Brooke came in and Nathan followed her in. She made room on her desk for what had come while they were at the school, about 20 jars of lube in a case, "I'm guessing Mom doesn't order things often, I don't think she realized she was buying in bulk." Brooke said as she took out one of the jars and opened it up.
Nathan looked at it and felt bitter, "I guess it's back to handjobs now right?" He said though part of him felt that was probably for the best. He shouldn't be lusting after his family at the rate he was.
Brooke laughed at her brother's discomfort, "Nathan, no dummy." She teased playfully, "This means we have enough lube that you could fuck me in the ass for a year if you wanted."
Nathan's jaw dropped open, "You mean it? You'd let me do that?" He couldn't believe it.
"Maybe, I guess I've never been fucked there before," Brooke lied, though she hadn't had an actual cock up her ass, she'd often used one of her dildos to penetrate her asshole. She found it pleasurable in a much more intense way that a normal cunt-fuck. She might even prefer it in her ass if she was being honest.
She stripped in seconds and Nathan did the same. The prospect of anal sex made him momentarily forget about his aunt being there. In fact, he didn't care at all. He was about to fuck his older sister in her perfect ass!
Brooke took the lube and got on her knees as she started rubbing the liquid up and down her brother's shaft. He groaned and Brooke smiled and bit her lip. She wanted to suck it but not nearly as much as she wanted it in her ass right then.
Brooke got up and kneeled on the bed looking back at her brother like a cat in heat. Nathan approached her from behind and lined his cockhead up with her asshole. He thrust forward just so and thanks to the lube his cock slipped right in.
"Oh!" Brooke yelled in pain as her asshole got used to the feeling.
"Are you okay?" Nathan said. He wanted to fuck her asshole but not if it was going to hurt her.
"I'm better than okay, Nathan," Brooke said back to him, "Don't be gentle, I've been wanting this all week."
Nathan took her at her word. He grabbed her hair and pulled her back as he started roughly pounding her puckered hole. He loved the feeling of how hot and tight her ass was, even tighter than her pussy.
"Oh, ooohhhh, OHHHH! FUCK MY ASS BROTHER! PLEASE FUCK ME EVEN HARDER!" Brooke practically screamed at the top of her lungs as the pleasure of getting her ass fucked overtook all her sense of reason. "FUCK MY ASSHOLE, YOU MOTHERFUCKER! I MEAN, SISTERFUCKER! FUCK MY ASS!
They fucked like that for several minutes, Nate moaning like a gorilla and Brooke making all kinds of noises from throughout the entire animal kingdom. It was all too much and with one final cry, Nathan came deep in her ass. Brooke came too from her anal fuck, squirting her juices all over Nate's pelvis. They both collapsed on her bed, Nate's still hard dick still buried deep in Brooke's asshole.
Nathan thought about going for round two, but then he remembered something, "Oh shit, Jenna!" Brooke laughed at her brother as he took his cock out of her and rushed to get his clothes back on.

12:33 p.m.

Erika was done with her tantrum and thinking maybe she'd just watch TV. As she was sitting on the couch in the family room and browsing through things to watch on Netflix. She heard her sister yell out, "NATHAN! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK ME LIKE WE'RE BOTH GOING TO DIE TOMORROW!"
Hearing this made Erika scream again and she marched out into the foyer with the thought she'd go upstairs to yell at both her brother and sister when Lexi came in through the door.
Erika was angry as all hell so when Lexi came in she snapped at her, "Oh, glad to see you're back!" she shouted sarcastically at her sister, "I'm guessing you're here to let Nathan fuck your ass too! I know he's willing to fuck anyone over me!"
Lexi couldn't help it. This made her start to cry. It was a combination of her own burning love for her brother making her think all these naughty, nasty thoughts about him, the fact that Donna only seemed to want Lexi to pursue her feelings and now her little sister yelling at her for wanting the same man she did, as that man, their brother, loudly fucked their sister in the ass upstairs.
Erika upon seeing Lexi's reaction suddenly felt really bad, "Oh my god, I'm sorry sis." She ran up and hugged her, "Nathan told me he wouldn't fuck me and now he's fucking Brooke so I'm feeling a bit jilted. I'm sorry Lex." She said as Lexi sobbed into her shoulder.
"That's the problem though," Lexi said, wiping her tears away and doing her best to calm down, "None of us are supposed to be fucking him and now we're all trying to. I don't know what's wrong with any of us. I just know we won't go back to the way things were." Lexi started crying again and Erika hugged her again but she was also a little frustrated with her sister.
"Lexi, what the hell?" Erika said, "Do you remember how things were before? We spent most of our time fighting and treating Nathan like garbage. We've always been a bunch of shut-ins, admit it this is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to us." Erika told her sister. She knew that's how she felt anyway, "Now come on, let's go join Mom and Aunt Jenna by the pool and maybe that will feel more 'normal' for ya if you like."
Lexi nodded and dried her tears. "I'd like that very much," truthfully she just wanted to get away from Brooke's moaning. Erika's words helped some though. Maybe thingswerebetter this way? She wasn't sure.

12:44 p.m.

Lexi and Erika came out with their normal two-piece suits on. Jenna glanced at them and smiled and said, "Sounds like Nathan and Brooke are really getting into it." she said.
This made both Lexi and Erika stop in their tracks. "Um, what do you mean?"
"They're arguing awfully loudly," Liz explained, all they could hear from out there was Brooke occasionally yelling out "NATHAN!" or "ASSHOLE!" or "MOTHERFUCKER!" so it was easy for Liz to cover up what was really going on by saying they were just in a heated argument. Something she couldn't cover up was the growing wet spot on the front of her bikini bottom as she fantasized about what her children were up to. She really had become a naughty mommy, Liz thought.
"Oh right," Erika said, smiling widely now, "Nathan and Brooke, always arguing." Erika said as she and Lexi took the lounge chairs next to their mother, Lexi right next to Liz and Erika the chair right after that.
Jenna continued to pester her sister, but she whispered thinking that Erika and Lexi wouldn't hear and though Erika didn't seem to take notice of the conversation, Lexi heard every word.
"So Liz," Jenna whispered to her sister, "You don't mind your boyfriend sleeping around on you?"
Liz sighed, she definitely didn't want to talk to her with her daughters nearby, even though they already knew all about it, more or less, "I told you already, I'm not going to say anything more about him."
"Well, at least tell me how big his dick is." Jenna said, "give me all the gory details."
Liz rolled her eyes at her sister but then said, "Fine, truthfully it's the biggest cock I think I've ever seen." Liz felt her pussy spasm just thinking about it, "But I haven't fucked him, so don't even ask me about that, and I don't even think I'm going to."
Hearing that, Lexi felt somewhat relieved, at least one of the women in that house could retain some level of normalcy.
But Jenna was very confused hearing this, "What do you mean you aren't going to fuck him?" Jenna asked her sister, "He's your boyfriend isn't he?"
"It's not like that, he's, um," Liz tried to think up some excuse, but her mind came up completely blank. She felt herself starting to panic but, realizing this, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath before saying, "No, I'm sorry Jenna, but I'm not going to talk about him anymore." With that, she flipped over to her back again, "Now, I'm going to take a nap."
"Wow, what gives sis?" Jenna said, "You're so quiet about this guy, why if I didn't know any better I'd say this man was an old family friend you're ashamed of for some reason, or maybe it's-" Before Jenna could finish her sentence, that was when Nathan and Brooke came out into the backyard, dressed in the smallest swimwear both of them could find.
1:15 p.m.

After Nathan fucked his sister Brooke in the ass for a while, Nathan knew that everyone probably heard them, but his confidence was through the roof and all he wanted to do was make Aunt Jenna leave and maybe he could have more sexy fun with the rest of his family once she did so.
"Let's go to your costume shop and pick out some swimsuits." Nathan said after he was dressed again and thought about what he could do to really freak Aunt Jenna out, "The most revealing ones you have without being obscene."
Brooke smiled at him devilishly, she wasn't sure what he was planning but she was sure she was going to like it.
A few minutes later they came out into the yard and walked to the pool. All eyes stopped and looked at them.
Brooke was wearing a white string bikini, that was just two straps from her pussy and ass to her shoulders, nothing really covered up anything, the bottom made her look naked as the string when into her ass and made her ass look bare, while her pussy was still so engorged from being so turned on and cumming hard after the buttfucking she'd just received, it didn't really cover up her slit by more than a fraction. Her straps when over her huge, perky boobs and only barely had enough space to cover her nipples. Her areolas could clearly be seen.
Nathan was wearing a copy of the suit he had on when he and his mother had that first photo session, what seemed like forever ago for him now. He was still half erect and his cock was threatening to pop out and it was so large the women could all make out the veins on the side of it.
All except Jenna that is, who had never once even considered Nathan as a sexual being so didn't even seem to notice his massive member threatening to escape his speedos. Instead, she simply looked at Brooke and said, "Is that really the most appropriate thing you should be wearing now."
"Appropriate for who?" Brooke said, amused, "It's only us here."
Jenna glanced at her sister, expecting some kind of motherly punishment.
Liz looked over her eldest daughter, "Hmm, Brooke, that is a very revealing swimsuit." She said, "just be sure to wear lots of sunscreen."
"Here let me help you apply it." Nathan said stepping up with the sunscreen, still hoping to get a rise out of Jenna so she'd leave. He put some in his palms and started to rub Brooke's belly and under her tits, pretending to only be applying sunscreen. His aunt didn't seem to notice.
That's because Aunt Jenna was upset with her sister for not being sterner with her daughter. So she said, loudly so all the kids could hear, "I guess your mother's boyfriend sleeps around with other women and Liz doesn't mind." She was certain all her children were about to turn on their mother.
The other women were too distracted with Nathan's application of his sister's body. Liz watched longingly as her son applied sunscreen to Brooke's ass, he got really into acting like he was only doing this to apply sunscreen. Dreamily, Liz replied to her sister, "You know what Jenna? I don't just don't mind it, I actively encourage my 'boyfriend' fucks as many women as he sees fit."
Jenna gasped, "Wow what kind of a slut are you?" She said, practically laughing at how superior she felt to her sister right then. Though Jenna had her fair share of bad relationships in the past, she had never let a man fuck other women and get away with it.
Nathan, upon hearing Jenna call his mother a slut stopped his sexual exploration of his sister's body and, angrier than any of his sisters or mother had seen him so far, he went up to the side of Jenna's chair. She did not seem to notice that Nathan was as angry as he was when he said, "I think you need more sunscreen, Aunt Jenna."
"Oh thanks, Nathan, I was just about to reapply." She was still laying on her front so she simply motioned for Nathan to get to work. Nathan grabbed the bottle and squirted it onto her back. He started to rub.
"Ow, not so rough," Jenna said to her nephew, "Now Liz, why would you let your boyfriend sleep with other women? Wouldn't only a slut do this?" She was really trying to make her sister feel guilty now. She felt Nathan undo her top on her back, "What are you doing Nathan."
"You don't want tan lines, do you?" Nathan said as he ripped her bikini top out from under her and tossed it onto the concrete ground.
Aunt Jenna could tell her nephew was angry about something, she was still assuming that it was because he had just been in a heated argument with his older sister for an hour. She simply stayed on her front for now to hide her nudity. "Well," she said, "try not to be so rough." She said and Nathan started rubbing his aunt's back, roughly.
Liz was looking at her son the entire time this was happening, as were the other women sitting there. He was sweating and his fit body glistened because of it. He had a throbbing erection now, and it looked as angry as he was at it pushed out against the thin material of his speedos.
"So Liz," Jenna went on, "what if your boyfriend comes over and brings one of his other girlfriends?"
Liz was hardly listening as she stared at her son and licked her lips with lust, "I'd see if I could join in as they fucked." She said dreamily.
Jenna almost laughed, "Oh my god, Liz, just because your husband leaves you doesn't mean you have to turn into a total whore."
"You really don't want tan lines right?" Suddenly Nathan grabbed her bikini bottom and ripped it off as well, making his aunt completely naked, though she was facing downward. She glanced back at Nathan and noticed for the first time that he had a huge cock sticking out and stretching out his swimsuit.Wow,she thought,it really is the biggest cock I've ever seen.
Without even realizing Jenna was thinking about her nephew's cock only because Liz had just described that same detail about her boyfriend and if things weren't suddenly becoming so sexual, she might have put two and two together right then and figured out everything.
She also noticed that Nathan was looking incredibly angry at her as he started roughly manhandling her buttocks, not even bothering putting on sunscreen, she started getting turned on, despite herself, she hadn't had a man pay any attention to her ass in a very long time and the fact that Nathan was rough didn't actually mind Jenna one bit. She moaned, unable to help it from the intense pleasure Nathan was sending through her body with just his hands. She decided she wanted to experiment, "So Nathan," she said between moans, "how do you feel about your mother being a slut?" Just to see what he would do.
She was shocked to discover she was right as Nathan grabbed her sides and threw her around so she was now lying on her front. "You need sunscreen everywhere," Nathan said, angrily.
He then immediately reached forward and grabbed his aunt's nipples and started to twist them. Jenna immediately started writhing around, moaning in a mix of pleasure and pain. As he did he said, "Aunt Jenna, I think you should be nicer to Mom while you're here." He twisted harder and Jenna moaned louder, "Especially if you're planning on moving in by the end of the week."
"I thought, ah, you guys weren't, ugh, going to keep it." Jenna moaned as Nathan twisted her nipples.
"Well, we are." Nathan simply said as he twisted harder.
Jenna knew he was going to stop soon, and she didn't want that despite knowing just how taboo everything was. Jenna knew she had a compulsion if she saw a way to push someone's buttons, she was going to keep doing it until they broke. Though here she was more worried Nathan was about to break her instead.
"Your mother's a slut," Jenna said again, not totally sure what she was even trying to prove to herself or what she was trying to push Nathan to even do.
Nathan stopped twisting his aunt's nipples and took his hands off her tits entirely. He moved down and roughly started finger fucking her pussy with two fingers on one hand and two fingers in her asshole with his other hand. Jenna hadn't realized how much Nathan's twisting of her nipples had actually turned her on, and this feeling of being double-penetrated from her nephew's hands suddenly cum, hard. "OH MY FUCKING GOD!" She moaned out, unable to contain herself as her body started convulsing in an amazing orgasm.
Everyone knew she had just cum, especially Nathan and he removed his digits from his aunt's orifices. He suddenly grabbed her by the hair and threw her to the hard ground, "I think, Aunt Jenna, you should leave. Don't come back if you aren't willing to be nice." He ordered her.
Jenna, feeling a mixture of fear, confusion, and sexual satisfaction, ran naked to her car and drove away. As she drove away she thought about everything that happened. She had never seen her nephew that way before and wasn't sure what most of it meant. Except she saw her nephew's dick and heard what her sister said...
She'd be back soon to get to the bottom of everything, especially if Nathan was correct in saying they could move in by the end of the week. She didn't want anything that happened to her just now to happen to her daughters.
Maybe Nathan has some aggression in his libido he needed to take out on her so he didn't end up taking it out on her daughters? Then she shook her head as whatever she was thinking was too perverted for her to even know how to feel. She decided that she'd go home, sleep on it, and maybe she'd come back over tomorrow after work and she'd this home would be a good place for her and her daughters to live.

1:55 p.m.

Liz stared after her naked sister, both admiring her shapely ass, but mostly just completely dumbfounded by what had just occurred. Nathan may have sexually molested his aunt just now, but that seemed to be a common occurrence at the Slope household lately and it didn't bother Liz at all. What surprised her was why Nathan did it and, more or less, chased her sister off the property. He had stood up for her, something her now ex-husband James (she got the paperwork for their divorce that morning, one of the reasons she's been especially needy (and horny) today) never once did for her.
Liz felt two things happen right then, for one her sex demon seemed to completely melt away, or not away exactly but instead combining itself into her motherly side, and the two sides of her personality were finally one. Liz realized that these things didn't have to be exclusive to one another.
Secondly, Liz also fell head over heels in love with her son.
She stood from her chair and grabbed Nathan's hand with her own and began to lead him away from the pool, "There's something I need to tell you in private." she told her handsome son as she led him back to the house.
They walked through the house in an almost dreamlike way. They made their way up the stairs and once they were in the master bedroom. Liz locked the door behind her.
"Nathan," she said, turning to him, looking up at her tall son in her big brown eyes. Her perfect, luscious lips quivered before she continued, "Nathan," she spoke again as she placed a hand on his bare chest feeling his hard muscles, "Nathan." She said a third time.
"Mom," Nathan said with a laugh, "what is it? What are you trying to tell-" Nathan's speech was cut off by Liz's tongue being suddenly in his mouth. Nathan frenched with his beautiful mother for a few moments before she pulled away.
"Nathan, I think you should know something about me," Liz said, "Something I've only realized since all these thoughts of losing the house and photo sessions even started. And that's that there's a sexual side to me that I just pretended I didn't have before." Liz sighed, she was going to give her son everything, she may as well be completely honest with him, "Truthfully I called that side my 'sex demon,' because it always felt like I wasn't in control of my actions whenever 'she' took over. I was trying to suppress it, hide all my sexual desires, but I think that only made things worse when things started to get more intimate around our house. I thought that I should try twice as hard to be a good mother in the circumstances, but how can I when I have children like you and your sisters?" She sat on the bed, she and Nathan were still in their bathing suits.
Nate sat down next to her, he thought he was in trouble and knew this was the speech to call off all the sexy fun he'd been having, "I'm sorry Mom," he said to Liz, "it's really my fault. It seems as soon as I get an erection I can't seem to turn my brain back on. I know I'm not supposed to lust after you and my sisters, but all of you are just so fucking hot. I'll stop though, I'm sorry I've been such a disappointment."
Liz laughed, surprising Nathan, he turned to her and she reached behind and undid the top of her bikini. She let it fall, revealing her gorgeous tits to her son. Though Nathan had seen her naked many times in the last few days, his cock still started to get hard as he admired her perfectly shaped breasts. "Nathan, you're looking at this all wrong." Liz told her only son, "I'm not calling things off. I'm telling you that I'm willing to accept that I'm a sex demon, and I love being one, and also that I'm madly in love with you."
This floored Nate, "Wait, what?" was all he could mutter out before his mother grabbed him and pushed him on the bed as she started to kiss him. Nathan was on his back now and she rolled over on top of him, unwilling to pull her mouth away from his, they kept kissing as she pulled her bikini bottoms off, and then grabbed her son's speedos and pulled them down as well so that her son's humongous dick came loose and she started rubbing her pussy lips up and down his shaft without any penetration, yet, making his cock wet with her juices.
They kept kissing as Liz grabbed Nathan's cock with one hand so she could line his cockhead up with the moist opening of her cunt. She broke the kiss long enough to say, "Nathan, you're the only man who has ever stood up to my sister for me, and the onlyrealman who's ever lived in this house. I love you with all my heart, and I want you to make love to me. Right now."
Nathan looked up at his mother's beautiful face and they stared in each other's eyes as Liz lowered herself onto her son. She felt it in slow motion as her folds accepted Nathan's entire glorious length. "OOOoOHHHhh!" She moaned feeling her cunt stretched out to its fullest on her son's wide shaft. It was almost like giving birth but in reverse. She had to take a moment to get accustomed to his huge girth.
Nathan could not believe how tight and hot his mom's pussy was. It felt like he literally stuck his cock into an oven, the tightest, sexiest oven imaginable. He never stopped looking into his mother's face, and he grabbed her head and pulled her into him once again. They started kissing and their tongues danced as their salivas mixed in each other's mouths. Liz slowly started to grind on her son's cock, sending waves of ecstasy throughout her body as she did so.
Nathan grabbed his mom's huge tits as she slowly started to fuck him. He loved the feel of her enormous tit flesh, and he would go from feeling the fullness of them to tweaking and pinching her nipples, as he did his mother moaned into his mouth, showing her son just how much she loved the attention to her breasts. And how much she loved the feel of her son's cock in her pussy.
Liz pushed herself away from Nathan. "I love kissing you but I need to bounce on your dick." She said to her son in a sultry voice. She put her hands on his chest for support and started pushing herself off of him so his dick was almost out of her pussy and then falling on him again. "NATHAN! OH shit!" She yelled as she started to bounce on his cock, "I WANT THIS EVERY SINGLE DAY! I DON'T CARE THAT YOU'RE MY SON! YOU'RE THE ONLY MAN I EVER NEED FROM NOW UNTIL FOREVER!"
"Mom! I love you too!" Nathan yelled, hardly able to believe the hottest woman he'd ever known was now making mad love to him like a maniac. It was too much for him, "Oh fuck. I'M CUMMING!" He yelled, but his mother didn't slow down with her rampant fucking. She moaned loudly too as she had an intense orgasm as she felt her son fill her cunt up with his potent sperm.
Liz collapsed on top of her son, feeling the most sexually satisfied she'd ever felt in her life. "That was wonderful Nathan." She said.
Nathan's cock was still hard and still up his mother's snatch. "I don't think we're finished," he told her.
Liz felt her son's hardness too, she giggled, "You up for another round so soon?" She loved how virile Nathan seemed to be at all times. She wondered just how long he could keep it up? Maybe her daily fuckings could literally last all day?
To answer his mother, Nathan rolled them both over so now his mother was on her back, careful to make sure his cock remained tightly in Liz's cunt. He started to pump again as his mother moaned lightly. He wanted a better angle so he sat up a little and grabbed his mom by the feet so he could hold them spread eagle as he started to plow into his mother's cunt. "Fuck yeah," he yelled as he felt his cock disappearing in and out of his mother's folds, "This is the best feeling ever!"
"Oh my god, it is!" His mother moaned loudly, "You're the best fuck ever Nathan! No wonder your sisters are just as cock crazy as I am! I NEVER WANT IT TO STOP!" She shouted as Nathan brought her to another intense orgasm, she came around her son's cock for the second time in so many minutes. Nathan hadn't come yet and continued to thrust into his mother at an increasing pace. He felt her pussy spasming as she came around his cock. He suddenly pushed her legs even further down while he continued to fuck her until Liz's ass was sticking up in the air and Nathan was literally fucking down into her. He didn't realize at the time that this move is called the "pile-driver" and couldn't care less as he continued to fuck his mother's snatch.
"Oh my god, you're going even deeper than before!" Liz moaned as her son royally fucked her, she could feel herself building up to yet another intense orgasm, "Don't stop fucking me, son!" As soon as she said "son" she started cumming again, "OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" She moaned out as she started cumming again on her son's amazing cock.
Nathan still hadn't cum, so he kept fucking her with just the same intensity, he was moving so fast fucking his mother's vagina that he dropped one of her legs and she rolled onto her side, which Nathan found was an even better angle to keep fucking Liz at. She moaned even louder, unable to even comprehend the ecstasy she felt as her only son fucked the living shit out of her.
Watching his mom moan in such intense pleasure caused him to fuck her even harder before losing all control as his balls tightened up and he let loose another torrent of cum into his mother's womb. A moment later he collapsed on top of her, his softening dick still inside of her.
"Oh my god, Mom, that was amazing," Nathan exclaimed as he rolled off of his mother and onto his back on the bed beside her.
Liz came up to her son and snuggled up to his side. She could feel an impressive amount of both of their juices leaking out of her pussy and onto the bed. She'd have to wash the gigantic sheet of the heart-shaped bed at some point soon, but for now, she just didn't care.
"Mmm," Liz moaned as she lay on her son's side, pressing her giant boobs into her son's muscular chest, "That was the best fuck of my life son." She kissed him, "You're better than your father, at absolutely everything, but especially in the bedroom." She was riding a sex high, something she didn't even know was possible, but here she was feeling the greatest pleasure-after-a-fuck she'd ever felt in her life, and who knew her own son would be such a sex god. She broke the kiss to say, "I meant what I said before. I'm your woman now son, so don't break my heart."
"I would never do that Mom," Nathan promised, then he had a thought and said, "If you wanted me to stop having sexy fun with anyone else I would do that for you."
Liz bit her lip in excitement, she knew her son meant it and considering the power he had over woman lately, at least the women in that household, that would be doing quite a lot, "No," she said though, "Truthfully, I want to watch you fuck other women, and I want to fuck other women too. And truthfully, I think I'm going to have to share you with Bri anyway, as I think I'm in love with her too." Liz explained to her son.
Nathan smiled at this, "Oh Mom, that's great!" Liz looked surprised about this, "Bri told me yesterday how she said she loved you, I want you to know that I approve. Bri deserves just as much love as you do Mom." Nathan said, "And speaking of which, I love you too, Mom, with all my heart."
Liz swooned and she and Nathan started to make out again. A moment later she felt his hard cock rubbing against her leg, Liz pulled back from her son, "Looks like you're ready to go again," she commented as she reached down and started to stroke her son's shaft.
"With you Mom," Nathan said, "I'll always be ready for another fuck."
Liz laughed and only a few seconds later they were fucking again. Nathan wanted to take a break after the royal fucking he just gave his mom, so Liz was riding her son reverse-cowgirl style. Nathan wanted to feel Liz's gorgeous ass while his mother fucked him.
"Oh my fucking god!" Liz was unable to keep herself from shouting, "You have the most perfect cock ever Son!" Liz shouted out, part of her knowing it was all the hotter by calling Nathan "son." She wondered what else she could say, "I'm your mommy-slut! You're fucking your mom! You're fucking your fucking horny, slutty mother up her tight twat with your huge cock!"
Liz started bouncing even hard on Nathan's cock as yet another orgasm overtook her, "OH MY GOD! My son's cock is making me cum! I'M CUMMING!" Her body started convulsing but she knew her son hadn't cum yet so she kept bouncing on his cock the entire time with just as much speed and intensity.
This was too much for Nathan and he started to cum too. A huge load was released once again into his mother's snatch. A moment after their erotic highs, Liz collapsed on her son. She said "That was the best," dreamily to Nathan before they both passed out in each other's arms.
As Liz felt sleep overtake her she glanced at the clock on the wall and gasps when she realized her son had been fucking her for over an hour. She didn't know if any other man could do that. Nathan was really something else. She smiled and almost laughed when she remembered something that Dr. Scots said a few days ago, that fucking needed to take over an hour for it to be considered as healthy as normal exercise. Liz guessed that her son was going to be giving her and her daughters a real workout in the coming days.

4:20 p.m.

Lexi's feelings had been especially hurt watching her mother lead away from her brother. She wasn't even sure why, but she knew that her mom was finally about to fuck her brother, the last in their family to do so. She was upset, but thankful at least that the Master Bedroom was soundproof. Lexi decided she just wanted to watch TV now anyway. So she did. After a few minutes, her sisters joined her, and the three of them all ended up falling asleep on their especially long L-shaped couch to some boring TV show.
Lexi was the first to wake up in the family room. She was still feeling conflicted but she didn't start crying again. It was a good thing that the Master Bedroom was the only room in the house that was completely soundproof as if Lexi had heard her brother's lovemaking with their mother, she probably would have had some kind of breakdown. For now though, she was starting to feel better.
She glanced at her sleeping sisters on either end of the couch. The couch was so big they all could sleep on it comfortably, and could probably fit another person or two to lie down totally without anyone touching each other. Lexi noticed that they were all still in their swimsuits without blankets or anything. Lexi got up and found a blanket in the Family Room Dresser and put one on each of her sisters.
Putting the blanket on Brooke woke her up, "Oh hey sis," Brooke said up to Lexi as she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. "What time is it?"
"It's about 4:30," Lexi replied.
"Hmm," Brooke moaned while she thought about it, "K. Do you know if Mom and Nathan are done fucking yet? I think I want a turn." Brooke said, half-joking but half-serious too.
Lexi groaned in frustration, "No, I don't know if they're up. And don't even talk about that." Lexi said, "We're family, we're not supposed to be doing this kind of stuff together."
Brooke reached out and started rubbing her sister's sexy legs with one of her hands, "Who says?" Brooke said as she started running a hand up and down Lexi's smooth calf.
"I don't know, everyone!" Lexi said she liked the feeling of Brooke's hand rubbing her leg, so she didn't even think about trying to make her sister stop, "I mean, it's illegal at least. And I don't wantanyonefinding out about, um, about my feelings."
"Oh," Brooke said, since Lexi wasn't pushing her away, Brooke's other hand joined her first on Lexi's other leg, "So I'm assuming you haven't been talking to Donna about any of this."
"Hmm," Lexi moaned, feeling her sister's hands on her legs was starting to feel really good, but hearing Donna's name took her back from it, but she still didn't stop her sister from touching her, "Oh, Donna, yeah, I've been telling her, but just about my feelings for Nathan, not, um," The feeling of Brooke's hands on her legs was distracting her.
"Not your feelings for your sisters and mother?" Brooke suggested.
"Yes," Lexi said dreamily as she enjoyed the feeling of Brooke's fingers, then realized what she just said, "I mean, no, I mean, ugh." Lexi walked a few steps away from her sister, Brooke has to let go of her legs as she did so, "I don't know what I feel." Lexi said.
Brooke stood and walked over to her sister, she glanced at Erika who seemed to still be sleeping on the couch. "I think," she said looking back to Lexi, "You need to learn to stop worrying so damn much. We all have these feelings for each other ever since all this started this is just the first time we've allowed them to come out. I think you need to give in to your lust dear sister," with that Brooke grabbed Lexi and pulled her close, and kissed her.
Lexi didn't react, she let Brooke do all of it as if she wasn't in control. She kissed her sister back with the same ferocity as Brooke gave her in return. She was overflowing with feelings, worry, yes, but mostly a strong sexual desire and a deep love for her sister.
Maybe Brooke was right?Lexi thought as they french kissed,Maybe I'm just overthinking things. Having sex with your family isn't that weird, right?It was hard to think straight while she could taste Brooke's sweet saliva, or smell the sexy scent of her body mixed with the coconut suntan oil from earlier. Lexi wasn't sure what she was feeling but she knew her family wasn't going to go back to the way things were. Maybe it was time to just do as the Romans do.
Lexi pushed Brooke away, and Brooke was about to ask if Lexi was having second thoughts again. But before Brooke could ask, her sister got on her knees and slowly took down Brooke's bikini bottom and then quickly dove her face into Brooke's shaved cunt. Lexi loved the taste of pussy, she realized, she'd only eaten it that week but she wanted to continue to lovingly lap cunt until the end of her days.
Brooke moaned out, "Holy shit sis, that feels so good!" She looked over and saw that Erika was awake now watching them, looking jealous like she always was in the past few days. "OH FUCK YEAH LEXI I LOVE HOW YOU EAT ME!" She moaned even louder while staring directly into Erika's eyes, smiling like the cat who caught the canary.
Erika sat up and crossed her arms staring at the hot action in front of her, "Well, I see you're having fun without me again!" she said to them. She felt jealous but also a bit sad about being the one who seemed to be the least liked by any of them.
Brooke smiled, and she slowly sank to the floor, slow so Lexi could keep licking her cunt the whole time. She lay on her back and kept looking at Erika. Erika looked back, she was about to leave so she could go pout in her room.
But then Lexi said something, "Erika, you know you don't have to be jealous. If you want to be a part of something, just come and be a part of it."
Erika wasn't sure what to make of that, "What? Like when Nathan was buttfucking you earlier?" She spat.
"Exactly," Brooke said between moans as Lexi was still very much enthusiastically sucking and licking her pussy and clit, "If you wanted to get your ass fucked, you should have come and gotten your ass fucked. And if you want to join us now..." She left the implication hanging in the air. Along with the sounds Lexi was making as she sucked her older sister's pussy lips.
Erika blinked a few times as the idea Brooke just gave her ran around in her brain a few times. She wasn't sure, she didn't know why. As if something inside herpreferredto be angry and jealous and upset than to get what she wanted. Though it seemed so obvious to her later, it was still a tough decision to make between running scared to her room and walking over, removing her swimsuit as she did and sitting on her oldest sister's face.
Brooke lustfully bit her lip as Erika walked over and removed her clothes, revealing her beautiful body. She stared up at her sister's dripping cunt as Erika stood above her and licked her lips as Erika sat down. Brooke started lovingly kissing her sister's cunt and Erika moaned her thanks. "Oh my god Brooke, that feels so good! Don't ever stop tongue fucking me you sexy bitch!"
Brooke started to cum hard on Lexi's face, she moaned out while sucking on Erika's clit. Lexi could hardly keep up with Brooke's flow of fluid, apparently, Brooke was a squirter because Lexi ended up with a lot of pussy juice all over her face, neck, and tits. Lexi went around to the front of the group, taking off her bikini as she did and lay in front of Erika. "I want to cum too!" She said as she spread her legs wide open for her sister.
Erika dove right in between and started happily lapping away at Lexi's pussy. Erika felt like the very center of attention right then, something that sated her feelings of jealousy very much, for the moment anyway.
Lexi was so turned on she started cumming in her sister's mouth only a few seconds after Erika started eating her. "DON'T STOP SIS! IT'S SO GOOD!" She came so intensely she only barely noticed that Nate and their mother had come into the room.

4:21 p.m.

Nate awoke in the giant bed alone, but he heard running water coming from the bathroom. He saw from his erection that he was already ready for more action, and he wondered how his mom would feel about that.
Nate entered the bathroom a moment later, completely naked, he saw that his mom was taking a shower. The shower was surrounded by glass that was made to be hard to see through so looking through it everything came out blurry. Nathan came up, opened the door of the shower, and got in.
"Hi Mom!" He said as he entered the shower with Liz.
Liz turned and smiled at her son. "Hello," she looked down at his boner, "Looks like someone else wants to say hello to me too." She licked her lips and got to her knees in the shower as water cascaded over both of them. She opened her mouth and took her son's enormous length into her mouth. She was still not used to deep throating yet so she only took him about halfway and sucked him in and out of her mouth.
Nathan groaned as his mother started to give him a great blowjob. Part of him wanted to grab her head and force his cock down her throat as he had in the movie theater, but he knew if he started to do that he would cum in no time without thinking about it. Instead, he grabbed Liz by the hair and lightly pulled her off of his cock.
"What is it? I was enjoying that." Liz said.
"I was too, but I need to fuck you again Mom." Nathan said, "Now stand up and turn around." He ordered.
Liz liked it when her son ordered her around. She didn't think that she was that submissive like Dr. Laurel turned out to be, but when Nathan was the one being dominant, following his orders strangely made her feel like a good mother.
She spun around and bent over, giving Nathan full access to her ass and, more importantly, her pussy.
Nathan didn't waste time, and he didn't need to, his mother had been wet as fuck since she woke up and hadn't been able to stop thinking about how her son's humongous cock felt inside of her, and when Nathan stuck his dick inside his mother's pussy again, she felt like an emptiness was quite literally filled.
They fucked. Nathan grabbed Liz by the hair, much rougher than before, and growled like a rabid wolf as he furiously dove his cock in and out of her.
Liz made noises too, "FUUUUCK! NATHAN I WANT YOU AT ALL TIMES! FUCK ME AT ALL TIMES! HERE IN THE SHOWER! OUT IN THE DINING ROOM! OUT BY THE POOL IN FRONT OF YOUR SISTERS! AND MY SISTER! FUCK ME WITH HER WATCHING US! MAKE HER JEALOUS SHE DOESN'T HAVE A BIG DICKED SON OF HER OWN TO FUCK!" She moaned, not even realizing what she was saying as she had a terrific orgasm on her son's dick.
"I'm gonna cum, Mom!" Nathan shouted. Liz suddenly got off Nate's dick and spun around to get on her knees in front of her well-endowed son.
She was still cumming so it was hard to say, "All, ugh, over my face," and Nathan grabbed his dick and aimed so that he could splatter several streaks of cum into his mother's face.
Liz felt like she was cumming immediately again as Nathan covered her in a huge load. She loved the feeling of the warm goo on her cheeks and lips. She opened her mouth and Nathan shot the last few ropes onto her tongue. She savored the flavor before swallowing it down.
Liz stood up again and said, "Alright, now let's wash each other down and we should probably see what your sisters are up to. I think I should call a family meeting."

5:28 p.m.

"Well," Liz said as she watched her three daughters making love on the Family Room floor, "I see that you're all getting along."
Lexi, coming down from her intense orgasm in Erika's mouth, suddenly pushed herself away and started blushing, embarrassed, and searching frantically for her swimsuit.
Erika had been super into performing cunnilingus on her sister while her other sister performed it on her and hadn't noticed that her fully clothed mom and brother were watching all this happen. Brooke noticed everything but was still assaulting her sister's pussy with her lips and tongue for all she was worth.
"Oh god," Erika half moaned half said in surprise at noticing Liz and Nathan standing in the room. "Brooke, uuuh, ooh, um, maybe you should stop, OH PLEASE DON'T STOP! Oh, um," Erika was starting to feel embarrassed herself though wasn't getting off her sister's face until she wanted to stop tongue fucking her so royally.
Brooke was having the time of her life and even though she had just cum, she was starting to rub her pussy with both her hands. She wondered if she could push things so Nathan would fuck her again soon. She stared at her brother up from between her sister's legs. And he smiled devilishly back at her. She could see that there was a huge, growing bulge in his shorts as he started to get hard.
"Well," Liz announced to the room, pretending to ignore the perverted scene before her, "I need to call a family meeting. I think it's important we discuss everything that's been happening in our household lately."
"FUUUUCK!" Erika suddenly shouted as she came on her sister's face. She collapsed off to the side a moment later.
Brooke licked her lips, savoring her sister's juices as she stood up from the floor. She walked back to the couch and sat down again, not even caring that she was completely naked and her face still noticeably wet with pussy fluid. "What do you want to discuss Mom?"
"I think I should first say that I didn't call for any sessions today, not only because your Aunt Jenna came over but because Brooke told me this morning, well, we have the money we need."
Lexi got so excited by this she jumped for joy and completely forgot about finding her discarded bikini (she'd find it later under the coffee table in front of the couch, only then remembering she was the one who threw them there). Erika cheered from the floor and Nathan smiled at everyone, glad he could do his part.
"So," Liz said when her kid's had gotten over the initial excitement, "That means we're going back to the way things were and no more sex of any kind with anyone."
"WHAT!?" All of her kids shouted at once in surprise, though all of them thought this was coming anyway.
But then Liz said, "Kidding." she laughed, "We're going to have to make a lot more videos if we want to keep selling Brooke's lingerie on her website. And Nathan is going to be in every single one. So, we're going to have to keep his massive cock as hard as possible practically all the time." She laughed again when she saw her children's reaction to her dirty languages.I think I'm liking the new me, she thought devilishly. "Speaking of which, I think we all know I'm not in charge of this house anymore. Nathan," she said to her son, "Do you have anything to say to your family?"
"Um," Nathan thought as his mother sat on the couch with her naked daughters, "I don't really know. I'm the one in charge now?"
All his sisters and mother nodded at him enthusiastically. Nathan stepped forward. Things certainly were taking a weird turn. "Um," Nathan said again, "Do you want me to make rules or something?" A week ago, the last thing Nathan expected was anyone to put him in charge of anything, let alone being put in charge of his whole house's sexy mother and sister sluts. He was feeling more confident than he'd ever felt in his life though.
"You can do, whatever you like," Liz said,or whoever you like.Liz added in her mind. "If you wanted to, say, make a rule that we weren't allowed to wear clothes at home, we'd follow it. Well, I guess I'm not speaking for everyone, and Bri still isn't here. But I'll do anything you want whenever you want Nathan," Liz announced, proudly.
"Me too!" Erika shouted, jumping to her feet. She wanted to be Nathan's #1 slut, she wasn't sure if that was possible with their mother in the picture, but if she could do anything to get ahead of Liz, she would do it.
Brooke's eyes were just on her brother's hard cock still in his pants, as they'd been practically since he entered the room, "I'm down to giving you full control of everything." Brooke said, "Though you don't get to choose what I sell on my website." Brooke added.
"What about you, Lexi? What do you want?"
Lexi was still standing completely naked in the middle of the room, her sisters were also still naked so it didn't really bother her anyway. She was still conflicted about her feelings though, "I just don't know. What am I supposed to do? Just give into my horniness every time I want to fuck you?"
"I mean, that's what you were doing when we came in." Liz pointed out, "We're always going to be family, sweetie, you should stop worrying about that. We all love each other. We just happen to express it in a way that's, um,differentthan most families."
Nathan smiled at his mom, then looked back to Lexi, "So what will it be Lexi. Are you willing to accept me as the new head of the family?" Nathan wasn't sure what that even meant, at the time, but all the blood that normally ran his brain was in his cock right then, and he didn't care what being "head of the house" was supposed to mean, just as long as he got some relief soon.
Lexi sighed, "Fiiiine," she said, drawing it out like they were all just trying to convince her to try a new food or something, "But I'm not going to be your sex slave or something." Though she wasn't sure of even that.
Liz smirked, evilly coming up with possibilities for Lexi, "Well, it's settled then." She started taking her clothes off, now wondering why she had even put any on after her shower with her son, "I think it's time we celebrated Nathan's new position in our family. All of us together."
Erika saw an opportunity and jumped up from the couch and crouched next to Nathan and quickly took his shorts off. His huge cock bounced out in front of her face, and she licked her lips. Erika immediately started sucking her brother's cock.
Lexi watched Erika slobber on their brother's man-meat and sighed. She was conflicted still, despite everyone else telling her to "just stop worrying about it!" Or whatever, she still felt like everything they were doing was wrong. Despite this, she still walked over and got underneath her brother and sister and started sucking on Nathan's balls.
Brooke was watching all this on the couch and dreamily masturbating while she did. Suddenly, a hand joined hers on her pussy and she turned her head and Liz was right next to hers. Liz kissed her daughter as she started making love to Brooke's pussy with her hand.
After a minute Liz pushed her oldest child on her back. Brooke knew what her mother wanted and immediately spread her legs wide so Liz had as much access as she wanted to Brooke's delicious pussy. Liz wasted no time in diving in and lapping away at her incredibly hot daughter's cunt.
As Brooke started to moan as Liz licked her pussy, Liz could hear her other daughters moaning too. She looked up and saw that Nathan had pushed Erika onto the ground and was now fucking her youngest child's pussy, while Nathan fucked her beautiful daughter, Lexi sat on Erika's face and Erika lapped away at her sister's pussy and asshole.
Moans filled the air as all three of Liz's daughters started cumming at the same time. It was too much for Nathan and he pulled his cock out of Erika and came all over her chest and belly.
Nathan was still rock hard after that, the result of having four gorgeous women to play with, Nathan went to the couch and stuck his cock inside his mother's pussy without thinking about anything else. He sunk all the way in and he and his mother fucked for several minutes while his sister's recovered from their orgasms. After fucking her doggy style for a bit, he pulled out and sat on the couch. He then indicated that he wanted his mother to ride his cock. Which she did without question. She sat so her back was to her son, so she could spread her legs wide and her daughters could see everything as Liz fucked their brother. Liz was in ecstasy.
Erika was getting jealous about this but remembered what Brooke told her, that if she was jealous, she should join in. Erika decided this was true and got on the couch and started licking and sucking her mother's left tit as Liz bounced on her son's cock. Lexi got up and sucked Liz's right tit and Brooke got between her legs so she could lick her mom's cunt and her brother's cock as they fucked.
"OH MY GOD!" Liz practically screamed, "MY CHILDREN! MY BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN!" It was too much for Liz and she came hard on Nathan's gigantic cock. Nathan was used to feeling her cum now and he wanted to cum with her but he held back, and he pushed her off him when she was done. Liz looked confused but then Nathan said, "next," and she understood. Nathan had a lot of women he had to satisfy, he couldn't spend all his time fucking his mother, no matter how much she wanted him to.
Brooke got on him next and everyone switched so Lexi was between her legs and Liz got to the right side of them and started sucking on her daughter's tit. Nathan fucked her until she came, then Erika then his mom again and he started to cum.
He ordered them all on their knees and he came on all four of their faces and breasts. Nathan came harder and longer than he ever had in his entire life. By the time he was done, his immediate family was a mess of his cum. He still wasn't done though, his cock wasn't going down anytime soon.

8:03 p.m.

Brianna had spent her whole day in her room, it was a small room just big enough for her bed, a small dresser, and an even smaller bookcase that Bri had been reading books from all day. She assumed that Jenna was still there, not realizing Nathan had scared her off a long time ago.
Her room was in the corner of the house behind the kitchen. One of those things James had added after Liz convinced her husband that they should hire Bri as a maid. James, being the dumb fuck that Bri always saw him as, decided the maid's room should probably be close to the kitchen in case he had to make her make him something in the middle of the night.
Thankfully, that never happened, though she did find it useful while the kids were growing up and got up in the middle of the night and needed a glass of water or anything of that nature. She just saw the incredibly small room stapled on as an afterthought as something that James thought was quaint but was really just very demeaning, especially considering how oversized everything else in the mansion was.
Still, for the most part, Bri rather liked her small room, once she got used to its small size. It was also fairly soundproof, and couldn't hear most sounds unless they were coming from directly above her in Rm. #1 upstairs or the laundry room downstairs, which did happen on occasion.
She saw the time and put her book down, she decided that even if Jenna was still there, she should probably make dinner for the family.
As soon as Bri walked into the hall, the echoes of moans from the Slope Family Orgy was echoing throughout the house.
"OH MY FUCKING GOD!" She heard Liz moan from the family room, "My own son is fucking me and I love it!"
Bri knew she was missing something good and practically ran down the hall to the family room. She only opened the door a crack though to peak in.
Inside, she saw everything. Liz had her knees on the couch with her arms on the back so that her ass was facing out and Nathan was fucking his mother doggy style as Liz moaned loudly. Brooke was sitting on the couch on the other side of Liz sucking on her mother's tit as her sister, Lexi kneeled in front of her on the floor and furiously ate her older sister's pussy. Erika was kneeling behind Lexi and seemed to be licking her sister's ass while finger fucking both Lexi and herself with each hand.
Erika saw what Nathan was doing to their mother and started to get jealous. She remembered what Brooke said, and decided she should try to join in. She stopped playing with Lexi's privates and got up and walked over to where Nathan was royally fucking their mom. She climbed onto her mother's back so her pussy and asshole were right above her mother's own ass. Nathan saw what his sister was doing and took his large cock out of his mother and stuck it into Erika's cunt.
Liz didn't mind, she had already cum multiple times on her son's magnificent penis. She could feel her daughter's weight, which wasn't much, and it felt amazing feeling her daughter getting fucked by her son right above her. Liz moaned out beside herself, "Oh fuck Nathan, Fuck the living shit out of her! Fuck your sisters as hard as you fuck your own mother!" Liz was having another mini-orgasm just thinking about it.
And Nathan did, he fucked Erika until she came all over his cock and he was starting to cum too. He ordered all the girls to get on the floor in front of him. He was pretty sure this was going to be a big one.
He came, first on his mother's face for a few streaks, then Erika, Brooke, and Lexi, then back again. He made a mess of all of them and collapsed on the couch after having one of the most intense orgasms of his entire life. He watched as his mom and sisters made out and ate his cum off each other. At such a sight, his cock retained it's hardness despite all the action he just had. His family was just too fucking hot.
He got up and pushed Brooke on her back, even though Lexi was still actively sucking his cum off her sister's breasts. He spread Brooke's legs open and stuck his cock in. "OH!" Brooke yelped in surprise, "Still not satisfied?" She asked as she got accustomed to his girth and he slowly started to fuck her.
"I don't think I'll ever be satisfied with the four of you around," Nathan joked and then started to get into the rhythm of fucking his gorgeous, blonde sister.
Brianna watched all this happening from the door, and really wanted to join in the family fun, but she decided she would let them be for the time being. They were probably too distracted to realize it was past dinner time. Bri wanted to make sure everyone kept their strength up.
As Bri left, Nathan continued to fuck Brooke. As he did, Lexi crawled over her sister's body so she could suck on her clit while their brother fucked her. Lexi immediately started to eat her sister's pussy as well, and Nathan would periodically take his cock out of Brooke's cunt so Lexi could suck on it for a few seconds before Nathan shoved it right back into Brooke's hole and fuck her even harder.
Liz watched this and then went back to licking Nathan's cum off of Erika. Erika was feeling a bit conflicted. For one, she loved the taste of her mother's saliva mixed with Nathan's semen, but for another, she had gone so long with viewing Liz as her enemy it was strange making out with her now. She thought about pushing her away but instead, she pushed Liz on her back and roughly pushed her cunt into her mother's face. "Eat my pussy like a good mommy." She said, which turned Liz on really fast and she began licking away as her daughter ordered.
Nathan felt Brooke as she came underneath him and heard her as she moaned as she licked her sister's cunt. Nathan realized he hadn't fucked Lexi yet that day and needed to correct that. He walked around to the other side and kneeled down and shoved his cock into her pussy.
Lexi was in heaven. She knew she was going to regret everything later, but for now, she gave into the immense please, the lust, and even the love she felt as her twin brother fucked her. She came almost immediately and could feel herself building up as he fucked her.
Nathan felt himself cumming again too, but it was too late to order everyone on their knees again for a group facial. Instead, he just let it all out into Lexi's pussy.
When he took his cock out, Brooke began eating the cum out of Lexi's cunt immediately. Nathan fell on the couch again, this time his cock was soft, for once. All he could think about was just how much he loved his family.

9:07 p.m.

Bri made the family a quick meal of steak, salad, and mashed potatoes. She came in and saw they were all still naked and laying on the couches on top of each other but only resting now. She announced there was dinner.
Everyone sat down naked. Bri even took her clothes off before sitting down because she didn't want to feel left out. Nathan downed his food faster than anyone and his cock immediately came back to life as he stared at the nude beauties before him.
Nathan thought about getting up and taking one of the five fine women before him and fucking them right there on the table, slamming their nude forms into their own, and everyone else's meals. The thought made his cock twitch, but he held back. He felt he would need his stamina in just a bit.
He was right. After dinner, his mother pretended to yawn and all the other women followed suit and made a big show of going up to bed. Their mother's gigantic heart-shaped bed.
As soon as the light was off, they were plunged into pitch blackness. Nathan felt like all five women were on him at once. Because it was dark he couldn't tell whose tits he was feeling or who was fucking him or whose ass and pussy he was licking, he could hear them moan.
He guessed it was his mom riding his face at one moment by how she yelled, "OH YES NATHAN! TONGUE FUCK ME!" at the time, but even then he wasn't sure because it also sounded like multiple women were licking each other's cunts throughout the whole night and moaning the whole time so maybe it was one of his sisters was tongue fucking his mom at the time. As soon as one woman left his cock or face, another would take her place. He felt like he was battling a hydra, only instead of fire-breathing dragons, it was his own family of the most drop-dead gorgeous women he knew.
He came many times, each time in the pussy of one of his family members. So much so that he was worried one of the cunts he was munching on would give him a mouthful of his own spunk. But it never happened. He realized the next morning it must have been why he heard women eating each other's pussies all night, they were swallowing his cum from their cunts.
Eventually they all fell asleep in a state of blissful satisfaction. Though none of them felt like they would be "normal" ever again, they fell asleep happy, all of them dreaming of what the good things the future might bring.