1:00 AM...give or take
"Yawwwwwwn!"
"Getting sleepy Aunt Piper?" Mace Belmont, Piper Cherry's handsome young nephew lay out on her sofa watching a DVD seeing as she still hadn't called the cable company to install internet and cablevision. Wearing only sweat pants to lounge in he boasted a healthy rise under them, not even with an erection he was enormous and quite unsettling. Having changed clothes from earlier Piper determined to be cozy in her own home wore nothing but burgundy lace panties and a short white Atlanta Braves T-shirt with only a big red letter A on it. In literature that might be considered the Scarlet Letter as Josie McKellen jested earlier when making a short visitation. Piper of course told her to keep her lit to herself because she was the actual Adulteress. It was then that Josie reminded her that she committed the same offense by fucking her husband. Go figure. Anyway, that was Piper's casual wear for the night, unless you counted her ankle jewelry.
"Long day. Even longer tomorrow, my first day at Horton-Dexter. I told you that already didn't I?" She shuffled from her kitchen holding a glass of wine. Curling up with her legs beneath her she sat down next to Mace and smiled. "This is nice. We haven't bonded this well since you were knee high to...well my knees." Her dog Rotten following her every move, sat at her feet loyally.
"All grown up, huh?" He chuckled pausing his movie with the DVD remote. His movie of choice was of all things The Graduate. Oldie but goodie...in Piper's eyes. Why he was watching it made her suspicious.
"In more ways than one. Ummm! You mind putting a couch cushion over..." She points an index finger at his crotch.
"It bother you that bad?" He laughs, "I'm not bothered seeing you in panties."
"FUCK ME!" She shakes her head sighing, "You're right, I'm not setting any examples am I?" Their earlier talk still nagged at her, she required her freedom.
"Sure you are. You're showing me it's okay to be myself...just like you."
"Goosebumps...dammit Mace. Why are we watching The Graduate? It's like ancient. What happened to the days when you and your sister were glued to Dumbo and Pinocchio?"
"Want me to lie to you?" He chuckles and pats his lap.
"DON'T YOU DARE." She winced, "If you're going to stay awhile we need to set some ground rules Buddy boy. No drooling over your hot Aunt. Rotten drools on the carpet enough without your help. I can see right now I'll be hiring a cleaning service to shampoo my rugs once a week." She points at Rotten her faithful Rottweiler making him droop his chin and look over his brow as if being punished.
"Come on Aunt Piper...no need for rules just be yourself and let me be me."
"That's what I'm afraid of. Turn off Mrs. Robinson before she turns you on." Her fingers flutter at the TV. Ignoring her he taunts her with the remote as if playing keep away. She tries stealing it in passing then growls. Leaning forward she sits her wine glass on the coffee table and dives at Mace playfully. "Give it to me." Her choice in words made her grumble, "Ignore that statement." He just laughed and taunted her some more until she resorted to tickling him. Finding a good spot along his ribs it got real.
"Stoooooop!" He bursts into laughter, she waited for just the right time to dodge his flailing arms and stretched across him to try and intercept her remote control. Evading her she collapsed over him, her chest smothering the side of his face. With no bra beneath her t-shirt it was a natural feel. He immediately turned his face into her bosom and caught her off guard.
"DAMMIT!" She pulled away in a hurry but realized her nipples were like bullets because of it all. "You did that on purpose."
"Did what? Used a trolling motor in the motorboat?" He chuckled.
"Not even right Mace. Hand me the damn remote." She lingers at his side but holds her hand out over his lap her knuckle accidently grazing his rather large inhabitant behind navy blue cotton sweatpants. As his eyes lower to her mistake she rolls her eyes, "Oh my God! You are so not my nephew."
"Hey! You're the one that touched it, not me."
"And, who planted his face between my girls here?" She retaliated.
"I wanna watch the student tap the Teacher." In Piper's mind the word Teacher instantly visualized Josie McKellen. She wondered then if maybe the reason Mace was watching this was to fantasize about he and Josie. Sighing she felt obligated to crush that notion. In another lunge for the remote she wrestled her way over him sideways, her breasts now sliding across his chest, nipples teasing without meaning to. He merely hid the remote behind him making her give chase, that she did, tickling him then crushing him with her body to prevent him trying to escape. Behind her Rotten barked as if being protective but found himself undecided as to whom he needed to save.
"Just let me watch you...I mean the movie." Knowing he had already watched her over her surveillance camera, he battled back trying to tickle her with his free hand, in doing so his palm slid up under her shirt as she jerked about, his knuckle now brushing the underside of her left tit.
"GIVE ME THE FUCKING REMOTE!" She pulled back to avoid his contact with her breast before it got worse. Finally, she sat back and fumed. "I can make you go back home tonight."
"You wouldn't do that." He razzed her with his tongue, "You love me too much."
"Don't think I won't."
Scowling he brings the remote out from under his ass and starts to hand it to her but swiftly lifts the front of his sweats and slips the remote under it, side by side with his dick. "I figure it's safe there."
"Yep! There's a very REMOTE chance I'll be digging in there to get it. Suit yourself I'm going to bed." She stands up and grabs her wine glass turning away from him. "I'm going to leave my door open so Rotten can have the run of the house. If he needs to pee he'll wake one of us up." As she wiggles away with Rotten following her he turns the movie back on. Halting at it's revival Piper shakes her head and uses her toes to unplug the electrical cord from the outlet. The television went black. "Oopsie! Night Mace. OH!" She freezes, "Just so you know and I will demand privacy...I sleep in the nude. So...keep out."
"I sleepwalk."
"It better be into traffic then." She headed into her room and left him by himself. He wondered if his Aunt noticed his dick rise up through their battle. Maybe that was why she gave up so easily. Of course, she didn't help him get over his problem by mentioning that she slept in the buff.
"Night Aunt Piper." The second she turned out her bedroom light he had his dick out jerking for a second time since they had gotten home.
In her bedroom seconds prior to shutting off her light she stripped naked and danced in her window for all of thirty seconds. She knew that somewhere out there one of her neighbors was peeping. She just didn't care.
Hopping up on her king size bed Rotten made himself at home literally commandeering a pillow to lay his head on next to hers. She cupped her breasts as she seemed to always do before turning in and chuckled, "Make yourself at home why don't you. Rule number one Big Guy...no drooling on that pillow. Rule two...stay on your side of the bed. If I wake up with your wet nose sniffing my ass I'll send you back to Atlanta with Mace." The dog lifted his head to listen then just ignored her. Ceiling lights out, tiny nightlight on, she crawled into bed beneath her sheet and lay on her side facing Rotten. Curling into a fetal position she sighed then reached out to pet her pup. "It's good to have you home. Momma's missed you." He reacted by scooting closer. A lick to her chin she kissed his snout. "Get some sleep."
If she hadn't nodded off Piper might have heard her nephew snarling as he detonated all over his lap. Even without the movie he had plenty of visual imagination giving him the edge. Not only did he have the hottest Aunt ever, right next door was the hottest Teacher he knew, with two super hot daughters. Even the house on the other side of the pool had a hot MILF. He wanted to stay here forever.
Using the powder room to wash up a bit he grabbed a piece of leftover chicken from the fridge and just prowled the house. Not really tired he eventually gave up and went to his bedroom upstairs. With no curtains or blinds he left the lights out not wanting to be seen. Things were pretty dark all around the neighborhood from his angle. With a side window and a backyard window he was able to peer out at the McKellen home almost directly across from the master bedroom balcony where Henry and Josie slept. Looking behind he could see three different homes. The Hardecker's, the Herbert's, and a vacate home next to the Herbert residence. All of which were pitch black. Shuffling about he prepared to just lay down and stare at the ceiling. Suddenly, he heard what sounded almost like an owl. Holding his breath to listen for another it became more shrill, almost feminine. With a very low visual capacity he looked out the window behind his headboard toward the McKellen home. A street lamp post offered a thin caress of light between houses which led him to notice movement.
"Whoa!" He gazed toward the McKellen's balcony capturing an unexpected sight. Henry and Josie were having sex on their balcony, feeling the night air between homes to inspire their lust. Trying new things now that the two of them had energized their love life they had chosen a bit of exhibitionism. Having barely met Henry, Mace was in awe of him as he stood behind Josie choking her as he fucked her from behind. Both of them totally nude. Josie's tits danced over the rail of their balcony as she moaned into the shadows.
"Holy fuck!" Mace mumbled and gripped his dick for a third time tonight. Jerking off he found the allure of seeing Josie naked again intoxicating. He just wished he could see them better. Even though they were essentially the same level as he was it was just too dark to really enjoy her beauty. Still he could at least hear them better. Silently he lifted his window up and overheard a louder version. Just listening to her moans was beautiful, her murmurs of, "Fuck me harder Henry." , stimulated him into picturing her say, "Fuck me harder Mace." ,shooting his dick to red alert heights.
"God I wanna fuck that bitch." Mace growled jerking off violently. Staring at her he noticed something. It was as if Josie was looking right at Mace himself. Could she see him in the darkness? Maybe she was just hoping he might see her. Of course, she had no idea where he was sleeping. Did she? Hearing her cry out at a rushed orgasm Henry nutted hard into her. Another round found Henry tugging her hair and slapping her ass cheeks, her response a very appealing, "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" Mace was hooked. He rattled off another load himself, this round was all over his bed's headboard, drops even landing on his pillow. He didn't care.
Staying with them through a second set of climaxes Henry chose a new tactic. He pulled out and took her by the hand leading her back into their home. "Awww maaaan!" Mace grumbled. Leaving his window up he sat down on his mattress and fondled his beast a bit more fantasizing over the images of it being he taking her from behind on that balcony. It just didn't satisfy him though. Giving up he started to shut his window, the air being on. Just as he began to push it down he heard giggling and paused. It sounded as if it were coming from the front of the house this time. Lifting the window and the screen this time he ducked his head out and noticed shadows moving around in the McKellen's front lawn. "Did they just...?" Yep! The lovers were daring the great outdoors. Snatching up a black t-shirt Mace raced down the upstairs staircase via tiptoe and started to unlock the front door then froze. "Alarm system. Dang it!"
Stepping back to the keypad he recalled the code that his Aunt showed him in case she was gone. Punching it in as 382563 affectionately programmed to the letters FUCKME, Piper's favorite exhale. She found it hilarious. He hadn't connected any dots. Once the alarm light shut off he opened the door as quiet as a mouse and peered out toward the McKellen's.
Bushes in the way of a perfect line of sight he stepped out further leaving the door wide open. Once in Piper's yard he kept to the shadows and slithered behind the shrubbery separating part of their homes. Looking around the bushes he found Josie riding Henry's cock, upright, hands in her shoulder length brunette hair. She was facing right at Mace. Immediately he dropped his sweats and began beating off all over again. With Henry laying on a blanket he was too busy enjoying his wife to notice anything.
"She's sooo freaking sexy." Mace groaned. His cock could not get any more purple in it's maxed out elasticity. He wanted to just step out facing her and let her see him but not knowing her well enough yet he worried she might scream and he would have to deal with Henry, even worse their waking up his Aunt and telling her of his perversions. Just hearing Josie whimper he jerked off harder.
Wait! Why did her whimper sound so close? Turning to face the other way Mace dropped his jaw. There stood Piper's dog Rotten whimpering at Mace, it was then that he realized he had left the front door open. "NONONONONO!" He rallied under his breath extending his right hand trying to coax Rotten to his side. Darting his head back and forth Rotten woofed once then bolted toward Josie and Henry. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Pulling his sweats up but knowing his erection was impossible to hide he left his hiding spot to give chase. Barefoot through the grass he was forced to reveal himself to the McKellen's. Rotten had recalled Josie's scent and headed straight to her swarming her with kisses while she was still riding Henry. Henry busted out laughing at their being caught so awkwardly. Mace stepping into the light called out, "GET BACK HERE!" Josie looked his way grinning as she held the dog's collar. "WHOAAAA! SHIT! I'M SOOO SORRY. He needed to pee so I opened the front door before I could hook his leash up. I..." He blushed like never before.
"It's alright Mace. This is our fault for being adventurous. You can...look the other way now. I have Rotten."
"We meet again infamous nephew." Henry sat up as Josie slipped off his cock to remain on her knees fending off licks to her face and shoulder. "Hey! I don't need competition." Henry chuckled and patted the dog's head. Of course, he growled at being interrupted. Rotten that is. Plucking up their blanket from the ground to cover both he and Josie from Mace's eyes he helped Josie to her feet. "Alright Kid! You can look now. Come get the scene stealer."
"T-thanks!" Mace approached them and took Rotten by his collar, his knuckle brushing over Josie's fingers. The merest touch made her look at his hand, at waist level she spotted his massive erection.
"He's a big boy." She winked at Mace, her eyes locked on his cock.
Mace chose to run interference for her to keep Henry from suspecting her thoughts, "Yeah, probably 220 pounds."
"Where's his leash?" Henry looked at the boys hand, noticing his arousal as well. Henry wasn't dumb, he knew his wife was slobbering more than Rotten was.
"Dropped it on the porch. I can get him without it."
"Nonsense! I'll help you get him inside. Is Piper awake?" Josie escaped her blanket to walk nude, Henry rolling his eyes at her insatiable lust to be seen.
"I'm going in. You two have fun with Rover." Henry knew defeat. It was fun while it lasted.
"You're really going to...walk naked back to my Aunt's house?" Mace whispered to Josie as Henry headed up his front steps.
"Are you blushing Mace?"
"Nope!" They walked Rotten gradually at a lurched over stride, "Yeah!"
"I thought so. It's not as if you haven't seen me naked already. You did walk in on Piper and I in her bedroom."
"I know but...fuck you're beautiful."
"Awww! Thank you. Let's keep this little stroll between you and I okay? We wouldn't want your Aunt scolding me."
"My dick's really hard right now." He admitted.
"Hard not to notice that." She giggled.
"Wanna see it?"
"You Sir need to calm down." She giggled, "I meant Rotten. He's resisting us."
"Is that a yes?"
"Shhhh! As tempting as that is, let's not. I need to get back to Henry before he presumes the worst."
"Someday?"
"We'll see." They reach the front door and Mace pushes Rotten inside then closes the door. Mace returning to Josie just does the inevitable and tugs his sweats down in front of her and starts stroking it. "Oh! I thought you said let's see."
"You're evil."
"Piper says that too. Like him?"
"He's...very nice." She grits her teeth nervously looking toward her home, "Put that away. I have to go."
"Watch me cum." He begged.
Sighing heavily she waves her hand, "Hurry it up." In under two minutes Mace Belmont fired shots right at her, she squealed and jumped back pointing at him with a sneer. "Bad boy!" He grinned at her name calling.
"You liked it."
"BAD BOY!" She shook her head and walked away wiggling extra hard on her way home. Feeling a dampness on her leg she reached down and touched it. Knowing full well it was his jizz she sniffed it then licked her fingers. "Bad girl!" Damn straight on both counts.
Heading into Piper's house smiling up a storm he heard another version of, "BAD! BAD BOY!" Piper had woken up to a nose in her backside. Nothing too serious but it definitely made her jump from a sound sleep. "ATLANTA I SAY!"
Mace hid his laughter behind the palm of his hand then shuffled to her bedroom door to find Piper consoling Rotten sitting next to her. All was quickly forgiven.
"Everything alright? I just took him outside."
"Wet paws I figured. Wet nose too." She sat up in bed naked then casually pulled her sheet over her to block his view. "Much as I hate to I'm going to have to wear jammies to bed. Cuddles here is...yeah not going there."
"Rotten down." Mace pointed at Rotten's large padded doggy bed in the corner of her room. The pup obeyed, hopping from her mattress to curl up in his own private suite, resting his head in his paws.
"MACE DOWN!" She pointed goofily at his erection still quite deadly.
"Quit looking at it."
"OUT!"
"Night Auntie."
Mace left with a very happy tone.
Laying back Piper kicked her sheet away to lay atop her bedding. Huffing at being wide awake she began humming the tune Mrs. Robinson from Paul Simon. That led to masturbating, this time with Bodzilla's help. Hearing Rotten snore she gave up rubbing her clit and kicked her feet on her mattress as if throwing a tantrum.
"God I don't wanna graduate to wearing jammies." She took the risk.
Tomorrow her first day at Horton-Dexter she would continue singing Mrs. Robinson.
Wo Wo Wo!
Wo Wo Wo!
Wo Wo Wo!
WHOA!!