Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. I like to think I've improved as the series has progressed. Thank you those that have helped in that regard.
Also... sorry it's been a while... 5 years is a while, right?
Hopefully the extra long chapter will make up for the gap.
*****
It's been nearly a week since meeting Rachel and to say I was still acclimatising to living with a gorgeous, nympho, alien girlfriend would be the understatement of the year. Oh... yeah she moved in. Should have mentioned that before. Wasn't a difficult decision for either of us. My friends thought I was mental but then, they haven't met her so I've told them to reserve judgement.
I've started settling in at work where the job is concerned however, my new physique and senses are causing me some problems I've not previously encountered. I'm getting daily admiring looks and a number of flirtatious messages on my work's internal messaging system from female colleagues. On top of that, my improved hearing means I can hear them talking about me from the other end of the office, some of what is said is damn right XXX rated. I didn't think women went into that level of detail with work colleagues in real life, just in porn. I've heard at least two of them discussing how to get me drunk at the next office night out to see if they can make something happen. I've dropped Rachel's name and the word girlfriend into several conversations but they're just not taking the hint.
Rachel's not complaining though, it's her that gets her brains screwed out 3 times a night.
"You can fuck who you want you know" Rach said from across the room.
The words snapped me out of my thoughts. "What now?" I replied not really think I'd heard what she said.
"It's just sex. You can fuck who you want." She repeated as if she was reading a instructions for an IKEA bookcase. We were getting ready to go to the black-tie dinner her work was hosting for charity. I was busy putting on my new suit which some device of Rachel's had manufactured for me. It was a copy of a designer one off the web that retailed for about £4k. I felt like a fraud, but I looked like Brad fucking Pitt.
"What do you mean? Why would I want anyone else when I've got you?" I asked. Remembering the previous night's sexual escapades vividly.
"I mean I know you love me but my culture doesn't have the same taboos regarding polygamy as yours does. Neither do we have the same hang-ups regarding same gender relationships." She replied, at the same time finishing applying her makeup.
"Wait... Does that mean you want to sleep around too?" I asked sort of dreading the answer.
"My circumstances are a little difficult. Given what you experienced during our first time together I wouldn't risk sex with another of your gender. But another woman? Sure." She answered my next question before I'd finished forming the thought in my head. "And yes I'm sure you joining us would unlikely to be a problem, especially given your... upgraded physique." She added. "There is also the matter of our bond deepening over time. It should be possible for us feel whatever the other is feeling. I'm sure I'd enjoy riding around in your head while you're shagging some girl's brains out."
I put that last bit aside for a moment. "Have you got someone in mind for your extra-curricular romance or something?" I asked laughing lightly.
"There are a couple of women at work who I've caught admiring me yes. Luckily for you they're both bi." I got flashes of two women in lab coats as Rachel passed me a mental picture of them, both happened to be model level stunning.
"Now coming back to what you said about riding around in my head?"
"Basically, over time our bond will become strong enough that we can see through each other's eyes, communicate telepathically over infinite distances and even feel everything the other is feeling."
"Uh-huh. Sounds interesting." I responded, filing further questions away for later as I noticed the time and suggested we both went back to getting ready.
For her work do, Rachel had gone with a backless red number with a plunging front that wouldn't have looked out of place on a red carpet. She looked fantastic in it. But then in my eyes she'd look fantastic in a bin liner. Oh and to further challenge my self-control, she also wasn't wearing underwear - the dress was too tight fitting and wouldn't have hidden the lines. I wasn't going to complain, aside from it causing a certain part of my clothing to become tight fitting as a result.
She caught me gawping at her as she did the dress up and blushed demurely.
"Honestly James, the things going through your head right now." She said, smirking.
I just shrugged and grinned. "I'm only human love." I flashed an image in my mind to her of me pinning her up against the wall, her dress bunched around her waist as I penetrated from behind. She crossed the bedroom to where I was standing and embraced me, her lips finding mine urgently. My hands were just sliding down under her dress to grab her ass when my phone rang to say our taxi was here. We both sighed in frustration.
"You'll just have to keep it in your trousers for a couple of hours." She said patting my crotch and heading downstairs. "Though you're getting very adept at sending mental images and feelings to my mind." She added as she headed downstairs.
"Easier said than done given I've got to look at you all night." I grumbled, catching her up at the bottom of the stairs and grabbing her ass. She batted my hand away as we stepped out of the house and I locked up behind us.
The taxi ride to the venue was uneventful aside from me catching the taxi driver checking Rachel out more times than I can count. We arrived at the venue just in time to join the queue of people at the door. Rachel's company had hired out some big conference centre in town for the night. The whole thing. Who knew pharmaceuticals was the business to get into? Rach waved hi to a couple of people as we passed then we had to wait 45 mins to get checked in. Luckily it wasn't raining.
Rach pointed out a couple of her colleagues, including the ones she'd mentioned earlier. She also pointed out Steve, the guy who couldn't take the hint. All thee were much further forward in the queue. The girls I couldn't make out but Steve was much closer to us and had alpha male written all over him. Tall, well built, probably played sports in college and more importantly, probably bullied nerds like me his whole life. I felt my pulse quicken and my palms begin to sweat at the thought of meeting him.
Rach clearly sensed my apprehension as I heard her in my mind "Guys like that may have bullied you before but remember you're much stronger with my nanites in your system." I felt my pulse slow and grinned inwardly. She was right, I could probably throw him around like a rag doll if I wanted.
We reached the front of the line and it was at this point, when Rachel gave the bouncer our names, I realised it was the first time I'd heard her last name.
"Rachel Strange and James Smith" The doorman looked down his list and ticked us off before showing us in.
"Strange? That's the surname you went with out of all the surnames in history?" I asked smirking.
She hit me in the arm. "Yes it's like our own private joke. Stop smirking."
"Private joke? I don't get it."
"Strange is a synonym for alien." She replied, rolling her eyes.
"Oh yeah, hilarious." I responded sarcastically, grinning.
I felt Rach nudge me. "Brace yourself Steve is coming over." Indicating a crowd of people off to the left which Steve was emerging from.
I looked where she was looking and she was right. The sleaze was beelining straight towards us. His eyes were solely on her the whole way over, of course.
"Rachel, you look stunning." He said, taking a good long look at everything on show.
"Thank you. Oh Steve, you haven't met my boyfriend, have you? How silly of me. This is James." Indicating in my direction. "You know, the one I keep telling you about." She added pointedly.
I offered my hand and he took an age to turn away from ogling Rachel before he eventually clocked me. He grasped my hand, his eyes locking onto mine, attempting to stare me down. I felt his grip tighten as he tried to do the predictable thing and assert his dominance over what he saw as an inferior male by crushing his hand. Well, I thought, two can play that game and I matched his grip with interest. I watched the flicker of worry flit over his face as he realised he may have bitten off more than he could chew. I applied a little more pressure to make sure he got the message before releasing.
"Quite a grip your man has there." He gasped, shaking his hand at the wrist and trying to make a joke of it all.
"I've got no complaints about his grip Steve." Rachel replied with a smirk.
"You're a lucky man James." He conceded, seemingly thinking about another handshake but going for the shoulder tap instead as he passed me, presumably to lick his wounds. I looked around and noticed a couple of people had been watching the exchange with interest.
"That went better than I thought James. Well played."
"Figured it was the only way to handle it. Alpha guys like that only back down to a stronger Alpha."
"You're definitely that." She purred, pulling me into for a kiss. "I need a drink."
"Sounds like a plan." I took her hand and led her to the bar.
Now that my focus on what was in front of me, I could appreciate my wider surroundings a bit more. Dozens of tables were scattered across a large area in the middle with a stage and a mic setup at the front, Rach had said they were doing individual awards, among some other things. I could see each chair around each table had a different coloured ribbon for the different cancer charities; breast, prostate and lung were the only ones I recognised as I'd lost relatives to them then a thought occurred to me.
"Hey Rach. Your nanites protect me from diseases as well. Like cancer for example?"
"Yeah of course. With those things in your system you'll lead a long and disease free life."
"That's good. Loooong history of cancer in my family." I said. Suddenly feeling a bit maudlin.
"Hey" Rach said stopping us where we were and turning to face me "You're not going anywhere you understand me?" She said forcefully.
I smiled weakly. "Yes ma'am."
"Good. Now cheer up. I'll see about introducing you to Beth and Anna tonight, see what they think of you."
"Beth and Anna?" I asked. The same images from before flashed in my mind. "Oh, your admirers." And then something weird happened. I suddenly appeared in my bedroom and Beth and Anna were standing before me in some extremely provocative lingerie. I looked to my left and saw Rachel sat in a chair, naked as I was apparently and watching the scene unfolding with a great deal of interest. They both reached behind themselves and I heard their bras unclasp but then I snapped out of it.
"What the..."
"Call that a preview of what could happen later." Rach replied in my mind, staring in my eyes.
"But how did you... I mean... It was so... real?"
"The nanites in your system don't just improve physical attributes, they improve and add to your neural pathways. As that process becomes more and more complete, it becomes easier for my AI to establish a direct connection to your consciousness, like how we viewed my world before it's destruction but it wouldn't need a physical connection to my AI's core. The... experiences will also become more realistic and last longer than what you've just experienced."
"So, it'd be like a virtual reality experience but in my head?" Trying to condense what she'd just told me so I could absorb it.
"Yes. That's a simple way of looking at it." She replied, with a hint of a smirk. "You'll also become significantly smarter and have access to my AI's complete database with a thought."
"Cool." Not really being sure what else to say.
"Coming back to the Beth and Anna thing... Both at the same time?" I asked still trying to recover from what was a pretty intense experience as well as an information dump that would crash most computers.
"They've... Shared some good times before. They're pretty open about their willingness to... share." She replied, looking around as she did so to make sure no one was listening in.
"I thought that only happened in bloody porn." I muttered under my breath.
Rach just rolled her eyes and we carried on towards the bar. "Well play your cards right buster and we'll put the professionals to shame."
As we approached the bar, I went to retrieve my wallet but Rach grabbed my arm and pointed out it was a free bar.
I was pretty relieved given how expensive drinks would likely be in this place.
We grabbed two beers from the barman and we headed to our seats.
"So I know this is all for cancer research but how is your company involved?"
"Basically, my company pay for everything and select a handful of employees to attend and everyone else here pays £5k a person." She replied.
I did a spit-take and got some glares from other people on our table but managed to pass it off as my drink going down the wrong way.
"Bit pricey for this level of extravagance do you not think?" I asked, sort of knowing the answer.
"Mostly a tax write off. That £5k goes entirely to the cancer charities."
"So it's the rich and the wealthy showing off how big their philanthropy is then?"
"Something like that yeah." She replied, chuckling.
It was at this point the host, a mildly funny C list comedian came on the stage and kicked off the event with an intro that poked fun at all the execs at Rachel's company, the current political situation and various celebs. It was a bit hit and miss.
Awards were given out for best attendance and biggest breakthroughs in their fields, Rach got both to which I applauded enthusiastically. I saw Beth get one too but was unsure what it was for as I got wrapped up with Rach arriving back at the table with her awards. Steve got one for biggest profits which Rach told me she saw coming a mile off. He was a numbers guy rather than a science guy after all.
With the awards done and dusted, things started to wind down. Or at least it was winding down until Beth and Anna came over. Rach nudged me as they approached and we stood to meet them. Rach then made the introductions.
Anna and Beth were both tall, leggy and gorgeous. Anna had long blonde hair, she was slender, petite, with perfect tanned skin and above the neck she looked like a Hawaiian Jennifer Aniston. Seriously. It was uncanny. Beth had short brunette hair cut off at the shoulder but where Anna was slender, Beth was slightly curvier, her skin lighter and looks wise she was the spitting image of Maggie Q, which was funny given I'd had a crush on her for years. She had more than a little Asian heritage in her. Beth had spent most of her life living in Scotland, giving her very light accent but it wasn't one of the abrasive Scottish accents. Anna's accent was almost non-existent.
Both girls had gone more conservative with their dresses but there was still plenty of tantalising flesh on show. Beth had gone girly with a strapless flowing pastel pink number whereas Anna had gone with her Asian heritage, a red dress with what looked like traditional dragon design flowing down the side of it to her leg on the other side, the other side was slit almost up to the top of the thigh.
"So this is the infamous James whose sexual expertise you've been raving about is it?" Beth asked, eye brow cocked.
Emboldened by a combination of my earlier encounter with Steve, my conversation with Rach about how open she was about polygamy and the alcohol in my system I put on my most confident tone and replied "Remember the name you'll be screaming it later." I winked as well for good measure.
The next 3 seconds dragged by as I started to panic that I'd maybe overplayed my hand. It was Rach who broke the silence.
"Told you he was cock sure." She said, grabbing my ass as she did so.
"You didn't say anything about him being this cute though." Beth replied, her face flushing in response to my banter.
"You think he's cute now, you should see him with his shirt off." Rach replied, apparently trying to stoke the fire.
"You're exaggerating." Beth replied.
All the while this exchange is going, our foursome is getting closer and closer to try to keep out the eavesdroppers. I could certainly see Steve out the corner of my eye watching on intently. Apparently it wasn't just Rach he'd been pursuing, which Rach confirmed to me later.
As she said the next thing, I heard Rach's voice in my head again, "Both Beth and Anna have huge crushes on Jason Momoa... Watch this."
"I'm not. You should see him step out the shower. It's like watching Jason Momoa walk out of the ocean in Aquaman." She bragged.
Both girls visibly bit their bottom lip and I could see both sets of nipples through their respective dresses.
Rach decided to help them out. "I need the loo girls before we head off. How about you?"
Both girls nodded and they headed off to what I assumed was an innocent loo break until I heard Rach's voice in my head telling me sit down. I complied though I didn't really know why. I was in the process of grabbing my drink when my consciousness was pulled elsewhere to look at the floor of what I guessed was the generously sized disabled stall in the ladies' bathroom.
"You're in my head now James in case you're wondering." I heard Rach say in my mind. "Enjoy the show. I'm not sure how long this connection will be able to last. Your neural nanites are only about 45% done with the process."
I was about to ask what show when she looked up. The sight that met my eyes was wondrous. Beth had her back against the wall of the stall, the bottom half of her dress in her arms, bunched around her hips, Anna on her knees between her legs, her tongue apparently buried in her friend's pussy. Anna's own fingers in her own snatch masturbating furiously. Anna having taken the precaution of taking her dress off completely and hanging it on a hook on the door.
"They couldn't wait to get home. Hope you're ready lover boy because this little sidebar is only holding them so long and you're their next target."
"You're sure you're okay with this?"
"Okay with watching the man I love fuck these two sex mad women into blubbering pools of post orgasmic bliss?" I could feel her hands start to slide around under her dress as she asked me this. "Better yet I can already feel our bond getting stronger. I may even get to do what we discussed earlier. I may get to feel what you feel as you pound their bodies, making them scream and squirm and cum and cum." Her fingers were busy in earnest at this point, her dress, like Beth's was bundled around her waist by her arm, her left hand working her clit and right was working between her folds, manipulating her g-spot as the pressure on her clit increased.
We heard a cry out and looked up to see Beth left hand find the back of Anna's head and force her face first into her crotch.
"Oh baby I'm close... I'm close... I'm soooo clooooooooossseeeee... I'm cummmming I'm cumming..." With a final exhale she almost collapsed to the floor, catching herself just in time.
Both of the girls noticed that Rach was still trying to get herself over the edge and approached her hungrily. Beth quickly slipped out of her own dress and hung with Anna's and then moved Rach's hand away and knelt between her legs, her lips quickly finding Rach's dripping wet pussy as Anna's right hand slid to the back of Rach's head and pulled her in for a deep, sensual kiss, her left hand sliding down the front of her dress to massage her right breast, tweaking the nipple eliciting a moan through the kiss.
I could loosely feel my body while this was going on. Could feel the adrenaline surging through my system, could feel my throbbing member aching to get in on the action. It was both exhilarating and frustrating in equal measure to be literally so close and yet so far in at least three different ways.
I could feel Rachel's orgasm creeping up on her. Between Beth's skilful tongue on her clit and Anna's kissing and breast massage it was a wonder she hadn't come yet.
"Oh God!" I heard her cry out in my head as the pleasure thrumming down our mental connection threatened to drive any semblance of sanity from my mind.
And then with what felt like one voice, we almost cried out in ecstasy as Rachel's climax overtook her and an orgasm ripped through every nerve and sinew and muscle. Her energy spent, she fell back against the wall of the cubicle. Anna gave her one last kiss, Beth pulled her dress down and straightened it before both girls retrieved their own clothing from where it hung.
My connection to Rachel dissipated and I was back at the table alone, my hand still reaching from my drink. I shook my head and downed my drink. I looked up to see the girls emerging from the ladies toilets, apparently not dishevelled at all.
I looked at Rach quizzically and she seemed to know what I was questioning without me asking it, even in my head.
"Time dilation. I slowed down time inside the bathroom. What you experienced in 30 seconds actually took us 15 minutes."
At this point, I'd sort of taken to just accepting what she told me and adapting. "Oh. Okay. Yeah that makes perfect sense."
At this point, Beth and Anna had grabbed their coats from where they'd been sat earlier in the night and had caught up with Rach.
Beth spoke first. "So James, Rach has invited myself and Anna back to yours for an after party of sorts. You don't mind do you?"
"Oh I dunno." I said playing dumb. "Whatever will the four of us do for the rest of the night? Unless you know some card games?"
"I'm afraid the only games we know how to play all have strip in the title."
I stood up. "I was thinking more of Truth and Dare."
Beth stepped into my personal space before sharing a quick look with Rachel.
"I dare Beth to slide your hand inside James' shirt."
Beth tentatively reached out and undid two buttons on my shirt before slowly sliding a hand inside my shirt and across my torso which Rach's nanites had significantly upgraded.
Anna reached out before quickly getting approval from Rach with a nod. Her hand sliding inside my shirt alongside Beth, sliding up my rock hard abs, almost purring under her breath.
"You are one lucky bitch you know that?" Beth asked.
"Oh honey, you haven't seen 10 percent of what he can do. He is going to ruin both of you and when he's finished you two you can watch while I ride him into oblivion." Rach replied.
I smiled in response. "Previews over ladies. Time to go, don't you think?"
The venue was almost completely cleared out by this point. There were still a couple of people dotted here and there. It was at this point I had the feeling of someone's eyes boring into me. I looked over my left shoulder and saw Steve watching me leave with the three most beautiful women in the building, jealousy painted all over his face, having also watched Anna and Beth groping me under my shirt.
I quickly whispered to the girls who was watching us leave. The girls had an idea to get Steve off their respective backs once and for all. So, on their instruction, I turned each girl in turn so he could see their faces and kissed each girl passionately, the girls more than willing to kiss me back and just before I turned to go, to really rub it in his face, I winked. I'd never understood the saying "face like thunder" before. After seeing his reaction to my little performance, I definitely did after.
But enough of him. I had some entertaining to do.