THE TEASE
The lens adjusted in and out of focus.
"Hmm that's weird," She said, as she leaned forward and reached to grab something behind the camera, giving us a generous view of her tits.
Two massive DD globes that were barely holstered by a neon green bikini top.
"I swear I put it somewhere here," She said, dragging on her titillating faux effort.
She shifted, slowly dragging her breasts to the other corner of the screen - inches from the camera, giving us a clear view of the valley between.
Was that a hint of her areola?
The faint dark ring in her bikini top indicated so, and her comments went through the roof.
"There you are!" she said as she sat back down, looking straight at us.
"Now get a nice palm full of this Coconut Body Goodness."
She unscrewed the top of a round saffron container, dipping her hand into a tub of Coconut Body Goodness cream. Cupping a glob of the milky white material she said;
"Now generously apply this to the parts of your body that are exposed to the sun."
Slowly she placed the tub back down and used her free hand to spread the cream all over her visible body. Her face, chest, shoulders, tummy, arms... all now riddled with dots of white.
"And slowly start rubbing it into your body... make sure you really get it in there or I promise you will get wrinkles. I mean look at me, not a day over forty!" She then tipped her head back giggling in her signature way hitting some high octaves to sound extra bubbly. Although she sounded like she was from some kind of anime, this giggle was something she always did when she was acting cute, and it made her audience, and myself go wild.
"But no need to worry about that... here I'm teaching you all the best ways to stay young!"
Leaning in and squishing her cleavage not so innocently, she winked at us, continuing her self-massage.
She then stood up, grabbed another glob of cream, and lifted one leg onto the seat.
We were staring at the tiniest matching neon green thong bikini, that barely cupped her pussy. Whatever Shien back catalog these bikini bottoms came from did her justice, as it covered 100% of her lips and nothing more.
She rubbed it into every inch of her legs as if she truly did believe in this product rather than it being some brand sponsorship. A sponsorship that probably paid her some stupid amount of money.
"Always good to get your secret bits too... never know when they will see some sun," she said, as she slowly dipped her hand into the cups of her bikini top and generously creamed her tits. Self-aware of her predicament, she started to giggle acting as if she was just caught enjoying it.
"I was so focused on these" she said, gesturing to her tits with some clearly protruding pencil eraser nipples,
"That I forgot to get these!" and she turned showing her butt cheeks and giving it a little shake.
"It would be so bad if my beautiful tush got all wrinkly like a raisin. Right team M!"
I slowly nodded.
"Then let's get that too shall we," she turned around bringing her ass into the screen and bending forward. With both hands, she started massaging the cream into her butt cheeks slowly rubbing in circles.
She then looked around and smiled at the camera,
"As I said, don't forget to get those secret parts."
And she slipped her right hand down the front and under her bottoms rubbing from the beginning of her pussy all the way to the top of her ass cheeks, being careful not to show any of her heavenly bits in the process.
"It is so slippery here now," she said, giggling.
A faint moan even slipped out of her mouth, leading to a cute blush. She was a master of tease.
As she pulled her hands out of her bikini bottoms the sliver of material came a little loose slowly folding sideways and showing her deliciously cream-covered asshole.
Her most intimately wrinkled button.
In the three years I had been following her YouTube page, in the hundreds of hours I had live-streamed her beauty videos, I can confidently say that she had never slipped her asshole, and now myself, as well as 248,945 of her live viewers, had seen it.
I immediately came, shooting rope over rope of thick cum onto my dress shirt and thousand-dollar Armani suit. I had been edging myself during her entire livestream and this kind of slip was one in a million.
A slip from a YouTube influencer named Ms. M whom I was truly infatuated with.
"Oops, that was an accident," she said as she immediately covered her delicious hole.
I glanced around at the mess I had made and reached over to grab some tissues. Getting my thick jizz out of this suit would have to be my dry cleaner's problem as I was only making it worse. A payoff, three years in the making.
"And that's all team M, I know you got a little extra out of today, so don't forget to like and subscribe to my content as I couldn't do any of this without you." Ms. M then kissed the camera and turned off the livestream.
I suppose now is when I tell you that I am Matthew Taylor, a 34-year-old lawyer. I was edging myself from my home office, the same office I immediately drove to after I received the notification that Ms. M was about to start a live video. The office in my 3-bedroom condo in Brentwood California one mile from a law firm that I am a partner at.
And why am I a degenerate who jerks off in expensive suits you ask?
In this age of the internet and unlimited porn, I have spent years looking for the thing that makes me excited the most. This search took me from vintage one-of-a-kind porn mags, to rare behind-the-scenes softcore DVD footage, to very expensive porn websites, chasing the next original and unique erotic thrill. Looking for that one thing that I have always sought, EXCITEMENT.
I eventually landed on watching influencers who have mastered the art of the tease. Women who aired new content weekly, and who kept me on my toes. Christina Khalil, Caroline Zalog, Kat Wonders... And very rarely have I been rewarded with the likes of Amouranth, Belle Delphine, Vicky Stark, Natalie Roush, Gwengwiz... the ones who ventured from just being a tease to mastering porn or porn-adjacent content.
I have lurked in the corner of the internet waiting for these influencers to mature, following their every post, and watching their every video. I felt personally involved in their exploits, sending tips, or gifts to them when they asked, giving the last 100$ if it meant an ice cube on their nipple for thousands to enjoy.
It has led me to really know most of them too, understand their personas, and truly get the payoff that I have never achieved with real women. A deep connection... and let's not forget the payoff of one day seeing them naked and in their most vulnerable state.
You see it's really simple, I can't speak to women, call me shy, or call me a pussy, but unless it is business, I have always frozen when speaking to them. That flirtatious banter is never something I have mastered, and I'm convinced, it's not something you can learn.
Now I know you think It can be taught, or what if I'm gay or something, but my trepidation truly comes from the inexistence of my own swagger, some fear of failure, and the total lack of guidance from anyone. And I've tried It all, the seminars, reading all the dating books, or watching the Pick-Up Artists... All things that didn't help.
So when I have a few girls online who I know will eventually give me that feeling of excitement I don't need to go out into the wild and find some chick at a bar who will bend to my desires.
Instead, I found girls who will bend to their own capitalistic desires. I have mastered my trade and I'm focused on making money to spend on these women, and in return, these women have mastered their trade to be paid more.
They start small, on YouTube, with a try-on video here, and a make-up video there. Then they grow into their personalities, building their base audience one post at a time, and before you know it, they start receiving brand deals and even write their addresses down for people to send them free stuff. You don't even need to be the prettiest girl out there, as long as you keep the tease going and have a personality, you can do well.
The really smart ones usually move their business over to Patreon or Only Fans, and then things get kinky and lucrative.
But Ms. M was only on Youtube, and she was a MILF who truly seemed like she fell into this role of beauty influencer for rural women. Somewhere along the way men like me caught on that she was gorgeous, and she went from 50k to 250k people tuning into her live videos, with her views easily reaching the millions. She never transferred over to the other websites, but she was definitely headed in that direction.
That's why it was such a shock when the next day I tuned in just to find that her account on YouTube was banned, done, kaput, exiled... all those years of videos gone in a heartbeat. All because she accidentally flashed her asshole live, and had some narc report her to the YouTube police. She posted some generic explanation on her Instagram that she was in talks with YouTube to get her page back and that it was an honest mistake... but that usually didn't work.
Her lack of a plan was seriously fucking with me and all I could think about was how her audience was going to fade away and with it, any real chance of her continuing her tease.
She then sent a message to her fan base;
"YouTube is not budging. If there are any lawyers in team M, I need your help!"
I took this as a sign from god, and I immediately reached out, DMing her my personal email that I was a licensed lawyer in the state of CA and that I was here if needed.
TWO DAYS LATER
I was plowing through a busy day at work when I received an email from a mysterious source asking what kind of law I specialize in. I said entertainment law as well as corporate law, and the next thing I knew I received a calendar invite for a video call from an unknown email.
I logged onto the video call not sure what to expect, and as I was waiting there with my camera on, a user with the name M joined. Her camera was off.
"Hi, who is this?" I asked.
"It's M. Is this Mr. Taylor?" the darkness responded.
It was her.
"Hi. it is." was all I mustered up the courage to say.
Then the camera came on, and I was on my very own private video with Ms. M. She was dressed in professional attire and looking a little distraught.
"I googled you and saw that you work for a law firm that represents actors and models, I suppose my predicament might be a little in your realm."
"It is," I replied.
"Well, to jump right in, my main source of income is YouTube and I truly don't know what I will do if I am permanently banned." there was a sliver of worry in her tone and body language.
"Do you think you could help me?" She asked acting all innocent.
"I... I can..." I was freezing up, but quite to my surprise, she saw this as a moment to confess even more.
"I know you have clients who might look down on you working with me."
"No, it's nothing like that," I interjected.
"Oh then is it that you are worried about the money because I do have some" she mentioned.
"No. No." I stuttered. "I'm just a huge fan," I said.
And at that very moment, she giggled in her signature way. A giggle that was only for me.
"And not to overstep. But why are you only on YouTube, you should move everything to a few platforms and keep more of the percentage to yourself. The engagement and direct messaging alone will give you more authentic reach, and you would likely need adjusted brand partnership paperwork, which can be easily drafted, but the money is likely..." she tried interjecting eventually cutting me off,
"Hey. Mr Taylor. Matthew. MATT." She said.
"Slow there, what do you mean by all that? paperwork and whatnot?" she asked.
Taking my leap of faith I said,
"I know how you can triple your income, and I know how to make sure it is legal," I said.
She smiled and took a deep breath.
"What do you mean, triple?" she said.
"Let me into the fold and I'll show you how others have done it," I responded.
"And what do you get in return?" She asked.
"Lawyers in my business get 5% of what we negotiate," I added.
She looked at me "5%?"
I nodded.
"How soon can you be down in Temecula?" she asked with a giggle.
"How soon do you need me?" I asked.
"My address will be in your inbox. Can you come today?" She asked.
"I can." is all I said, as I asked my assistant to call up my car, and let my colleagues know that I had urgent business and that I'd be out of the office for the rest of the day.
MS. M's MANSION
I got in my Tesla, punched in the coordinates, and asked my assistant to send over every contract our company had ever done for influencers. Thank god for the self-driving function, because I studied all of them on the two-and-a-half-hour drive to her house.
I finally had to take back control of the car when we came to Temecula, as some roads were even unpaved. I finally came to an estate where row after row of grapes led up to a white Spanish-style villa that looked out into the valley.
I slowly got out of my car and looked around. Not a soul in sight.
Parking my car right in front of the house I slowly walked up to the entrance noticing an obnoxious mountain of packages next to the door.
Holding my briefcase close, I slowly knocked on the door. Waiting around for a minute or so, I realized no one was going to come in and I slowly started walking around the house.
"Hello!" I shouted until I came around to a massive pool with about a dozen lounge chairs.
At the very last chair, she was suntanning.
"Hello?" I said, slowly walking over. No Anser. She was lying on her front, entirely naked.
"Heloooo, Ms M?" I said slowly walking over, trying my very best not to spook her.
Her beautiful sun-kissed body was glistening under the rays. Her golden brown tan was truly from head to toe. Not to mention her two fluffy ass cheeks that were perfectly pert.
I finally stepped close enough to her to give her some shade. She slowly turned her head and looked up, sliding off her huge Beats headphones.
I was in her presence, in the flesh.
"I presume you must be Matthew Taylor." She said.
"And you must be Ms. M," I said. She didn't flinch, or even attempt to cover up her very naked backside.
"I timed your drive and I had you calculated to be here in thirty minutes at the soonest. Did you speed here to see me?" She asked.
"I make sure not to keep my clients waiting." I countered.
"So I'm your client?" she said faking shock.
"If you choose to be," I said, trying to keep my professional cool. She just smiled at me.
"I can leave and come back if you'd like," I said, defaulting to my inner doubt.
She giggled. My cock lurched hearing her high octaves this close and personal.
"Just walk towards the house and don't peek back, I'll be right behind you." She said.
I turned to head in and noticed her standing up in the reflection of the windows. A faintly blurry pair of tits with very long nipples, and a faint hint of maybe a bush. I started sweating, I was way over my skis. The only thing keeping me sane was that I kept thinking of her as a client, the only scenario where I could keep speaking to her and not screw this up.
I held the handle of the glass sliding door and paused, glancing back.
Ms. M had just slipped on a large fluffy robe and was a few feet behind me.
I had the peculiar feeling that I was Jonathan Harker walking into Dracula's Den.
"Go on in, let's set up on the oak table and talk business."
My awkwardness crept in. I nodded and walked into the house, both scared out of my mind and tucking up the largest hardon I've ever had.
THE MEETING
I walked into a large living room that could have been featured in Architectural Digest. Her living room almost split into a few separate seating sections, and to the left was a room where I could clearly make out her filming station.
All around the house were clumps of packages piled up. I was staring at a larger-than-usual pile of packages when,
"Those are all the things that my fans send me." She said.
"The different piles are split up between the types of clothing that was sent." Pointing at the larger than-usual pile "and that's all the naughty gifts people send me. Some are brands wanting me to use their products, but most are fans sending me special toys." Pointing at a large table she said; "Let's get settled here, and you can tell me just how I can triple my income."
I nodded and placed my laptop on the table. Having read the contracts on my drive, I had a pretty good understanding of how some artists had gone up in numbers year after year. After turning my laptop on, getting my papers ready, and taking a deep breath, I waited for her to sit down across from me, and hear the pitch.
"So Ms. M." I started.
"Call me Marla," She said.
I already knew more about her than any of her fans.
"Ok. Marla." I continued.
"You currently only monetize on YouTube and until last week you were likely able to monetize there earning a comfortable living, but with YouTube reaping the bulk of your ad revenue," I said.
"Were you watching the live stream." She interjected.
"I... I..." readjusting my tie, "I was." I confessed. She was pleased.
"I suppose then what you saw outside was nothing new." She teased.
I slowly shook my head saying no. She giggled at my embarrassment.
"Please continue," She said.
"Marla... You have a window right now. Your fans are desperate for more content. You have consistently put out a video for the last three years, and if you don't continue your fans will eventually look elsewhere." I said.
"And that's why you're here. To help me get my YouTube page back." She said.
"Yes, we can fight the lawyers of YouTube, but I read their Terms and Conditions and not only will it be really hard to convince a judge to take the case, but they will fight fire with fire. That could take a very long amount of time."
This was something she didn't want to hear.
"So why do I need you then?" She said.
"I can continue fighting YouTube, but no other lawyer will be able to guide you through what you should also do," I said pausing to build up the courage.
"Which is?" She added.
"You should immediately announce on your Instagram that you will start a temporary OnlyFans page, you should upload any past video you posted on YouTube to this page, and you should set a date on OnlyFans for your next video building up the excitement. To get people there you will need a linktr.ee account where you will direct all your traffic between your Instagram, YouTube, Reddit, Patreon, Twitter, or any other Website that you are on."
She stared at me skeptical of my approach.
"So you want me to be an OnlyFans whore?" She said, throwing me off kilter.
"No. Not at all, you can keep doing your try-on videos as long as you like. But if you want to increase your subscriptions and your money, you will eventually have to give the audience something in return."
"Like more of my asshole?" She asked
"Only what you are comfortable with," I interjected.
"And how are you so sure that my audience will pay for this?" She asked,
"With all due respect, I think the mountain of packages in your house and in front of your door, proves that. I bet you have received more than ever after your YouTube flash." I said
"I did," she answered.
"And candidly, I have seen this play out for years. As long as you tease your audience with well-structured stories, and act like you only flash people on accident, you don't have to really do anything explicit." I said. "I can list 15 other women who do the same thing and have consistently made millions a year," I added.
I then proceeded to show her some charts and YouTube influencers that I had accumulated in a deck during the drive. Each slide detailed the gameplan that I had created for her brand, the types of brands we want to be in business with, and actually numbers that they have paid out. My pitch was smooth, and to the point, something that hit her hard.
"You really think I can make millions." She asked.
I nodded.
"And whatever deal I sign you get 5% of this to make sure everything is kosher."
I nodded.
"Now look. I've made it this far without any MAN's help. I'm not a lawyer and I don't really trust any of the small-town lawyers out here. They are sleazy and wouldn't get this type of law anyway. You, however, have this weird energy that I truly can't pin down. Somewhere between a young schoolboy caught with his hand in the cookie jar, and corporate shark."
I was flattered.
"As discussed I'm not much for friendships, but a professional relationship is different. I do not want anyone else handling my stuff, and as mentioned, I only want a fan involved, a fan with your qualifications. So what you are telling me is that you will be involved in ALL capacities with this empire building, and I won't need anyone else's help?" She asked.
"Yes," I croaked.
She then put her hand out and I shook it, we were in business.
"Now get to setting everything up and let my fans know that I will have my next show in two days, that should give people enough time to sign up and get excited." She said.
"As you wish, Marla. I think we should announce this with new content. A photo perhaps?" I said.
Glancing to the corner I noticed a bottle of champagne. She just sort of looked at me as I stood up, and brought it over, handing it to her. Taking out my iPhone 15 I said,
"Why not pop this as I film it." She giggled in disbelief at my demand and started unscrewing the top. Once ready she looked at me,
"Ready?" She asked.
I went over to her and moved her slightly so the lighting was perfect, I then held the front of her robe, and looking at her shocked eyes mumbled "Just a little skin" as I slowly opened the front, showing the top of her chest and her signature valley.
I had never been this close to her, and the faint smell of strawberries emanated from her hair.
"Perfect," I said, as she gave me a mischievous grin.
I filmed her pop the champagne and caught a slight jiggle of her tits.
She yelped at the POP and took a swig out of the bottle. Then handing it to me she winked,
"Here is the iPad you can use for my uploads, get to working," she said, as she walked upstairs.
I then spent the next three hours building every bit of her online presence, linking it together, sending out tweets, and tying it back to her new OnlyFans page, posting the photo with the caption.
"Celebrating my new page!" It was the perfect tease.
After I completed the work I shouted "Done."
I had linked her account to my corporate bank and set it up to issue her a check every week sans my 5%.
She came back down in the same robe a little more drunk than before.
"Done?" she asked.
"Done," I said.
Then I laid out all of what I had created, how she was to upload videos moving forward, and how she would be paid. I then pulled up a draft document of our agreement. As a final icing on the cake, I added,
"Oh, and your OnlyFans is active, at 10$ a month you currently have 8000 accounts who signed up," I said. She paused after presumably doing the math.
THE TRAP
"Come let's sit in here."She said, clearly disinterested in all the contract talk. She then walked towards a group of very low green couches.
She sat down across from me and asked me to sit on the big one.
"I can tell you're not married, but I also think you must have a hard time with women. Am I right with my assessment?" She said, completely catching me off guard.
"I. Um. I can't say Im the best." I said.
Nodding in agreement she then said; "Do I intimidate you?"
Intimidation was not the emotion I felt.
"No," I said.
"Do I excite you?" she asked.
"Yes" I worded, but I was not even sure if the sound came out of my mouth.
She then patted the seat next to her, asking me to sit there.
I got up and slowly walked over, taking a seat.
She then looked at me intensely.
"So my lawyer said I need to master the art of teasing," she said.
I audibly gulped.
"And I figured I'd ask you if this outfit would tease an audience." She said.
Then she slowly removed the robe from one shoulder, and then the other. She leaned in towards me, just to lean back out and stand, with her back to me. She slowly peeked around and let the robe slide off her body. She was wearing a black bikini top with a pair of matching panties.
I was squirming in my seat.
"But this is nothing new to you," she said.
She then slowly turned around with one arm over her nipples and her other hand covering the V of her crotch.
I nodded my head in agreement.
"But what if I said these were see-through." She said motioning to her tits.
I started breathing heavily.
"And this was a very very small patch of panties, might not be enough to cover it all," she said.
She then quickly raised her hands flashing me for a millisecond with her very see-through top, her nice and long pencil eraser nipples, and her panties with the faint hint of a bush peeking out before she quickly turned around and showed me her back once again.
Time stopped as my brain registered what I had just seen.
She then picked her robe back up and put it on giggling. Sitting back next to me.
She didn't tie her robe too tight, letting it peak open and expose some flesh.
"In this relationship, you can't touch me, but I want to touch you. Would you like that?" she asked.
"I would," I said.
She then put her right hand on my thigh slowly moving it towards my very hard cock eventually grabbing it through my pants.
"You are very hard for me, aren't you?"
I nodded.
Then she slowly sat on top of me cowgirl style, never letting go of my cock, she straddled me crushing her pussy into my stiffness.
"And this will be the best night of your life right." She asked.
"Yes," I said trembling from the sensations.
She then leaned forward with her robe-covered breasts in my face and slowly parted the front letting me gaze at her see-through bra, which clearly showed me her massive protruding nipples. She then slowly rubbed her heavenly globes on my face, letting each pencil eraser nub drag across my stubble. She even put a nipple in my mouth and I slowly dragged my tongue across the very tip, giving her a little tingle.
"No touching, not even with your tongue." She said.
Then she covered her globes back up and stood up opening her robe entirely and letting it drop. I stared at the faintest V of bush peaking out of the tip of her bikini bottoms. Her beautiful blonde curls puffed out. What I wouldn't give to give her snatch a lick.
"Do you like a woman with some hair above her pussy." She asked.
"I love it," I said, shocking myself with such a response.
"I can tell." She said looking at the clear bulge of my cock.
She then got on her knees and brought her face close to my erection.
"It felt so hard," she said.
I just nodded.
"Have you been hard since you saw me sun tanning outside?" She asked.
"Yes," I said.
She then grabbed my cock through my pants.
"Did you stare at me naked and wish I turned over."
I nodded.
She then slowly started moving her hand up and down on my bulge.
"Did you like seeing my asshole during my live stream?" she asked.
"I haven't stopped thinking about it" I croaked.
"Did you cum watching my asshole?" She said, quickening her pace on my cock.
"I came at least five times, thinking of your asshole," I said
"But never thinking of my tits." She said putting her free hand under her breasts pushing them up and into my clear view as she pumped away.
"At least 500 times," I said.
She then unzipped my pants and let my underwear-covered penis out, leaving less material in between her firm grip and my cock.
"Not too big, not too small, you have a beautiful cock." she said.
I was grabbing onto the couch for dear life hoping this fantasy wouldn't end.
She then slipped the straps of her bra off to the sides, as she pumped away.
"The longer you last, the more chance my cups will slide down, exposing my nipples." She said smiling coyly.
"You'd like to see my tits out in the open, wouldn't you." She said.
I was slowly moaning. She came closer to the tip of my underwear-covered cock and looked up. She was inches from my cock, and I could feel her breath on my shaft.
The tops of her areolas were showing as the cups of her bra were held by her very erect nipples, angling to slip down and expose themselves at any moment.
She gave my underwear-covered cock head a slow lick and smiled.
I was close, dangerously close.
"You have held on well." She said.
She then took her hand away leaving my cock free standing, beating with the pulse of my heartbeat. Marla opened her mouth and let a huge dollop of spit land on her hand, then using her dry hand she rolled back my underwear exposing my engorged cock head. Then she put her spit-filled hand on my shaft and started jerking me off going all the way to my base and coming up, making sure to twist up and down giving me a full-on handjob.
"What a hard cock." she said giggling as she leaned back, never letting go of my hard-on.
As she leaned back her nipples poked out of her bra looking straight at me. her One-inch long pencil eraser nubs that I have fantasized about for years.
Her handjob, her nipples, and her giggle all culminated in me releasing the floodgates.
"Ugh, Im gonna," I said, as a blast over blast of milky white jizz came flying out, she angled my cock to my torso, milking me on top of myself, completely covering my entire front with a gallon of cum.
She giggled as she slowed her hand movements to a stop. I was spent.
She then threw her robe back on and took out her phone snapping a photo of me with my cock out having just jizzed all over myself.
"And this my dear Matthew, is going to be my insurance policy." She said.
"Im not signing your last contract, we already shook on it. If you don't give me my money, and help me in all capacities that I require, then I will mail this photo of you having just jizzed all over yourself, to the other partners of your firm."
She then pointed to the corners of her house.
"And I have cameras everywhere, filming this entire process and how you consented to me jerking you off."
My brain had a hard time processing what she said after having the best orgasm in my life.
"So in short, we are in this together, and if you try to fuck me in this deal, I will ruin your professional career." She said.
I was check-mated. I did not plan on screwing her out of anything, but she now had something that could end me."
"Now go and clean yourself up, and head on back to LA. I'll call you if I need you." She said, and she walked away.
I was still processing what had just happened, as I washed up, got my things, and sat in my Tesla. What had I just gotten myself into?
END OF CHAPTER 1