The Control Game -- Want to play? Part 3.
I would suggest that you read parts 1 and 2 for this story to make sense.
After his second tortuous evening during which Miles had agreed to play a control game set by his gorgeous wife of 15 years. He had signed up for seven days of being teased and tormented by Jessica in exchange for a night and day of complete control of her. The only problem being that he had to make it through the 7 days first without fucking her.
The previous night Jessica and Miles had attended a house party where Jessica had teased Miles to distraction, losing her tiny G-string in the process, as well as flashing various people and being groped while dancing with friends. After they had returned home and as demanded by Jessica, Miles had once again serviced Jessica's soaking wet pussy with the 3 requested organisms until Mile's jaw had become numb. He had then crawled to bed with a throbbing hard on which had not gone down all night.
The next morning, he woke later than he had intended, to find the bed empty. After showering he made his way downstairs to find Jessica making breakfast in a nightie which was extremely short, and which seemly required Jessica to bend over a lot showing off her hairless pussy and pert bum. Additionally, Jessica felt the need to bend over frontwards to enable her tits to come into regular view.
"Jess, this is too much, can't a man just have some breakfast and be left alone to read the paper."
Jessica, moved over to Miles and spoke with a seductive glint in her voice.
"What am I doing? I'm just preparing my man his breakfast, it's not my fault that he won't attend to my needs as I am so horny."
With that she slipped off her nighty altogether.
"I can put the breakfast on hold, and you can resolve the situation straight away by taking me upstairs and fucking me hard."
Miles replied.
"I made it through last night, which nearly killed me, so I am determined to beat you!"
With that Jessica made her way over to the patio doors and opened the blind and sighed.
Miles who was no prune and while enjoying the view as the sun hit the bottom of her pussy.
"Are you not concerned that the neighbours will see you?"
Jessica did a little twirl and declared.
"I think I will always be in the nude when the children are not here and if people do see me like this then so much the better!"
She turned herself around, so her back was to the window and slowly bent over.
"Is anybody watching Miles?"
He sucked in his breath.
"Unfortunately, not Jessica."
"That's a shame I will continue to try until somebody does see my beautiful body which you are so cruelly neglecting Miles."
Jessica continued.
"Think when you are at work and your gorgeous wife is wandering around the house in the nude, maybe doing some yoga in the living room or answering the door to a strange delivery man completely in the nude."
Mile's mouth was now open.
"Jessica you wouldn't! How am I supposed to concentrate on working in the garden office knowing this?"
Jessica wandered over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
"Well, you could always come in and service me whenever you wanted to."
With that Jessica continued to make breakfast completely in the nude.
After breakfast Jessica said.
"Miles, I'll have a shower and get ready now, would you be a darling and pick up the kids for me. I need to retrieve my coat from Joanne's."
Miles agreed and after getting back home he noted that Jessica had still not returned which was strange as it shouldn't haven't taken that long. Jessica came back home an hour or so later looking slightly flustered.
"Sorry the traffic was bad."
Then she darted upstairs. Miles knew that this wasn't true as they had a Tesla which allows you see where the car was parked, so he knew that Jessica had only left Joanne's 20 minutes ago but decided to leave this. The rest of the day was spent on family activities and if you didn't know any different you would have never known that anything was that different about this week.
After dinner and the children's bedtime Jessica came over and gave Miles a french kiss and asked.
"Shall we watch a movie together; we can open a bottle of wine?"
Miles suspected that this would be more than this but agreed anyway.
"You pick the film, and I will just get changed into something more comfortable for the evening."
Miles suspected that this would not be a onesie. He picked a bottle of white wine and picked a film and awaited his fate.
Jessica came downstairs and instead of coming into the living room she turned the other way into the kitchen, he could hear high heels clicking on the kitchen tiles so he knew it would be more temptation coming his way and his dick was rising in expectation.
Jessica came through to the lounge wearing a tight-fitting jump suit which was backless. Miles whistled his appreciation. The jump suit left little to imagination and showed off Jessica's perfect size 10 body to perfection.
"This is what I was thinking of wearing last night -- what do you think?"
"You looked stunning last night; I think this outfit would have sent me over the top."
He added.
"By the way whatever did happen to your knickers last night?"
Jessica walked over to Miles and sat on his lap.
"Oh those, I left them as a memento for one of my dance partners -- the single one I think."
Miles grabbed at his wife with lust and passion, he had no idea that his wife could be so naughty.
"That's it, take me Miles I am yours and only yours, I need your dick inside me."
Miles climbed on top of her in the heat of passion and nearly broke but pulled himself back at the last minute. He pulled himself up and declared.
"That was close as I nearly came to breaking. But now I know how naughty and dirty you can be it should be even more fun on Saturday night than I was thinking."
He got up and moved to the other sofa.
Jessica, a little flustered.
"Well Miles I have to hand it to you for your control which is greater than I expected and whatever happens on Saturday night I think we will have a far more passionate marriage from now on."
Jessica then went over to the wine to poured herself a glass and sat back down to watch the film.
"Right let's watch the film now but to forewarn you I will do my utmost to distract and get you to fuck me tonight."
The film progressed and nothing happened for 30 minutes or so with Jessica seemingly enjoying the film. Miles stole the odd look at his wife admiring her beauty and her body in the tight-fitting blue jump suit.
Halfway through the film Jessica went off to the toilet and didn't reappear for several minutes. When she did come back into the room, she walked back in with two different vibrators in her hands.
"Miles will you service me during the film, or do I need to do this myself?"
Miles was gobsmacked as he had never seen his wife with a vibrator let alone owning two. The first one, which was smaller, was a silvery number but what really captured his attention was the second one which was black and must have been 8 inches long and very wide. He wavered but also wondered what she had in store for him, the worst-case scenario would be for him to watch her and then fuck her.
"I'm not for breaking Jess."
Jessica smiled and then sighed.
"Okay your choice mister."
Jessica when poured another glass of wine and then sat back down on the sofa opposite Miles and looked like she was continuing to watch the film but just then Miles noticed that she had started to undo the necktie of the jumpsuit and gently started to move her left hand to her right nipple where she started to encircle her pert breast. It looked like Jessica was oblivious that anybody else was in the room. She continued to stare at the screen and then moved the top part of the body suit down so both breasts were now in view. She continued to play with her nipples and started to breath heavily.
Once her nipples were hard Jessica stood up and undid the zip at the back of the jump suit and slowly slid the trousers down and over her high heels. She was wearing a very small gold G-string which Miles had bought for her last Christmas, after which she sat down with her left leg on the sofa and her right leg still on the floor. Slowly she moved her left hand down over her flat stomach and onto her G-string, then underneath the material. She let out a sigh as her hand reached her pussy where she continued to masturbate for several minutes.
By this time Miles had given up all pretext of watching the film and was staring lovingly had his wife. She still had not looked at him and then moved her hand to the silver vibrator, turned it on to a low setting and then moved it to her glistening pussy and then moved this to under the fabric of the tiny G-string. She was moving it up and down outside her pussy and she looked like she was moving ever closer to an organism. Jessica signed as her organism waved over her. She stood up.
"I need more."
She slowly lowered her G-string to the floor bending over with her back to Miles so he could see her perfect pussy glistening. She sat back down, again with her left leg on the sofa and the right one on the floor and slowly slid the silver vibrator into her pussy. Miles saw that she turned up the vibrator and he could hear the low humming sound as Jessica moved the vibrator in and out of her pussy. Just as he thought she must be close she suddenly stopped and withdrew the vibrator from her pussy.
"That was nice, but I need more."
With that she reached over to the big black one and moved this on to her clitoris gently moving it backwards and forwards.
"This one is big, and I wonder if my tiny pussy can take it?"
She moved the black monster to her entrance and began to push the vibrator into her willing pussy.
"Oh god this is big!"
Jessica continued to push the vibrator into her sex until she had taken all of the length. At this point she switched the vibrator on and squealed with delight.
"Oh, this is massive, it's too much."
Jessica was panting as she moved the vibrator in and out of herself.
Miles by this point had taken his dick out of his trousers and was rubbing himself.
"Jess I'm going to take your." But he didn't get to finish his sentence.
"No, you are not and no cheating, come over here and lick my clitoris while you push this in and out of me."
He moved over to her and took control of the monster and moved it up and down and then moved his tongue to her clit.
Jessica screamed.
"Yes, yes, yes, more, more."
Her body was jerking and throbbing as she came to her organism.
She panted.
"Don't stop I'm going to cum again -- Miles it is so much bigger than you, I hope you are not jealous."
Jessica didn't hear his response as she was so wrapped up in another organism, after which she said.
"You can pull it out now and pass it to me."
Miles withdrew the vibrator and gave it her. Jessica took the black monster and moved it to her lips and began to suck off her juices.
"My, that was good, can you imagine me doing this in real life Miles with a real black dick inside my mouth while you fucked me senseless."
Miles was beside himself and spoke.
"Jessica, I have to cum."
"Not a chance, you had two chances to fuck me today and now I am spent -- but I would like you to lick me clean with your magical tongue."
Miles let out a whimper and almost cried at this point but did his duty.
To be continued.