A new year, with so many new men to meet and play with.
I sat sipping my fresh cup of coffee with just a silk gown covering my naked body, going through Tinder checking out what I fancied just like checking out new clothes online but this was way more fun.
This year I wanted to try a new age group.
Older, more mature, more experienced, more into us younger women!
I wonder how their skin would feel against my skin, how long their stamina would last, whether they were kinky and into fetishes like I am?
One guy stood out, a musician, older but looked like he would be fun.
So off went my booty call message!
And off I went to get showered, and to play with my drawer of toys... I felt so horny... I really needed to have one of my fabulous daily orgasms!
Dripping wet from my shower, my naked body ached to feel my favourite long thick dildo deep inside my lady tunnel to the G spot!
I looked at my naked body in the full length mirror, in my mid 30's, I still had a body of a 20 year old, toned, slim legs, flat stomach, ample boobs, pert and a DD cup size.
My long blonde hair fell naturally into the curls I so tried to keep straight... but who was looking... no one.
I run my hands up and down my body, my skin tingled.
"Hang on!" I thought suddenly, why just make myself happy when I could Skype my good friend Kyle who was my fuck buddy when he was in town, but as he was abroad, something we did regularly was our fun little secret... I would use my toys and cum, spurting my pussy juices all down my legs while he watched and tossed himself off, both of us telling each other what to do.
So I went straight to my laptop and called him up.
"Damn girl! You look fucking gorgeous!" He said straightaway removing his t'shirt and boxers.
"You ready for some fun Kyle" I asked as I placed my "feel real" dildo near my mouth and started to lick along the veiny shaft... it truly felt so real!
He moved his laptop over to the bed and placed it perfectly for a good view of his face, torso and that gorgeous cock I loved to slide up and down on!
"Kyle, I've been a naughty girl... how can I make up for it?" I said in a cute voice with innocent eyes which hide the burning desire of being told what to do.
"Babe, I think you could improve if you lay on your back, spread your legs, lick your fingers and touch your clit, rotating your fingers to excite yourself?" He said, his eyes watching my body move like a good girl, doing as I was told!
"Have you been a bad boy Kyle?" I said as I slowly licked my two fingers and started to rotate them on my swollen clit, feeling the tingling sensation deep inside... it felt so good!
"No, tell me how what to do! I need to make amends for being a bad boy!" He asked with that sexy voice of his as his eyes lit up.
"I see your cock is looking good and standing to attention! Place your hand at the tip, and curl your hand around and imagine it's my wet pussy!" I said knowing that his hand would straightaway wrap around his lovely long cock!
So as I touched my clit and he moved his hand up and down, I had my eyes closed as it feels so much better when you're purely focusing on your desires.
"Babe, you look so fucking sexy, and looks like you're having fun there, have more fun... grab that dildo and slide that fucking thing into that juicy wet pussy of yours!"
I did as I was told!
Sliding it easily in as I was so wet!
"Oooo that feels so good Kyle! You know what I like... and thanks for this dildo you had made for me!"
"No probs babe, pleased you are enjoying it!
I'm enjoying watching you use it!" He said as he was speeding up his movements, while I kept thrusting the dildo faster into my juicy cunt!
"Kyle, I'm truly enjoying this and love seeing you tossing off!"
I had opened my eyes to look at him and his wonderful body and his cum face as I could his breathing slowing down and get deeper... he was so close.
I lifted my legs so I could hit that perfect spot! Fuck me... I really needed a man fucking me hard!
So I kept looking at Kyle and thinking of him being deep inside and on top!
"Good girl, liking what I'm seeing! Change positions babe, kneel and a place a pillow under you, use it as a body and ride it with that dildo deep inside as you cup your boobs and flick those nipples I love to suck!"
I grabbed my pillow... and did as I was told! This was better, deeper and so perfect to watch Kyle cum!
His creamy cum exploded up and over his navel... I loved watching any man cum and seeing that creamy goodness! Fucking hot!
"Kyle, you look so good, and god I want you!" I breathed out the words as the orgasmic wave started to rise up, the heat swirling and burning deep as I felt each inch of that so real feeling cock dildo!
My breasts wobbled as I leant forward and closer to the screen.
My hair fell forward as I rode that pillow with it's cock deep inside looking at Kyle as he stared back at me, licking his lips!
"Aaaaa, fuuuuck meeee!" I loudly said as I reached the full power of that blissful orgasm.
"Babe, slide that dildo out and let me see how much you've cum! Then lick it off! Be a good girl!"
Kinky, love it, so I moved the pillow, knelt up more and out it slipped followed by so much juicy wetness and being a good girl, licked along and around, and starting to suck the tip as my fingers traced down my body, pass my belly button and lower and under, touching the lips of my cunt, and feeling the juices! Then with my index finger traced the wet cum up my body making my skin tingle again!
Smiling with a glint in my eye, I ask Kyle "was that good enough of a show for you? As I know how to make it better next time!"
"Totally great, and I can't wait for next time!
Why don't you do this more and make a website so other men get to enjoy you as much as I do, and when I'm in town, I'll join you, and we can be told exactly want they want us to do?" He looked hopeful... hell yea I definitely want to do that!
Daily orgasms as my cunt gets fucked by a toy or whatever felt like a cock sounded good to me!
As I sat down and spread my legs so he could get an eyeful I agreed to his proposal and we started to arrange how this was going to work!
After a good hour, I needed an good fucking session, and to my delight, I found that the older man on Tinder had agreed to meet up and couldn't wait to fuck me!
"Gotta go, but tomorrow good for you? New ideas remember and more toys to play with!" I said to Kyle, who nodded, waved and then gone until tomorrow!
Time to freshen up and go and fuck an older guy and see how it feels!!