I decided to start a new story, but this one is slightly different. It's all about exhibitionism with no sex. There may be some touching, and self-pleasures, but no more than that. This is just a fantasy and should not happen in real life, even though I believe the naked female body is the most beautiful form of art.
All characters are at least 18 and all names are fictitious.
I thank Sadkins 116 for all his help and guidance.
Voting and comments welcome.
*****
I have always dreamed of being naked in front of others, but never had the nerve to actually do anything like that. I was a good girl all the way through high school, keeping my grades up high with the hopes of getting into a good college someday. I never really dated anyone because I was always studying. But, in the back of my mind, I wanted to be a bad girl and show off. I didn't want to do anything but show off to others, but I never took it that far.
I graduated high school with honors and won a scholarship to a well-known university, and I was off to college and a higher education. I was away from home for the first time in my life and being 18 now, all the decisions were made by me. Before, my parents would tell me what I should do or shouldn't do. But now, I was away from them and on my own.
I met some girls, who just like me were away from home for the first time in their lives. So, I introduced myself to them with the hopes we could be close friends.
"Hi, I'm Sally. Sally Evens. I am new here, but hope we can all be friends soon."
Well, that went over good, because they opened up to me also. "I'm Stephanie. Stephanie Rogers. Most everyone calls me Steph."
"HI Sally, I'm Joan. Joan Patrick. I just got here too and this is the first time I've been away from home. I miss my mommy and daddy, but I think I'll be ok."
Well, after that, we were like the 3 musketeers. We arranged it so we could afford a house and went everywhere together. None of us were really looking for boyfriends, but I did find out that Joan was not a virgin. She had been dating a boy in high school and went all the way, right after she turned 18. She told us it wasn't all that it should have been and that he was the only one who had ever been sexual with her.
I confessed I was a virgin and so did Steph. But, to us it didn't matter. We were just close friends who enjoyed life. But things would soon change.
Joan and Steph both found boyfriends in college and the boys spent a lot of time with all of us. Steph lost her virginity to Steve and Joan spent lots of time with Ron and I knew they were having sex when they went off to her bedroom and closed the door. I could hear them going at it.
That just left me, but I wasn't about to give up my virginity to anyone. I was saving it for a special day. But, all 4 of them tried to push me into dating boys, and I did a few of them. But never went all the way with them.
Then one night, we were sitting around playing cards. It was all good and we played for a little money. None of us had a lot of money to lose, so we usually just played for pennies. We talked about things and I could see my 2 friends wanted more. I think they wanted to go to bed with the guys, but didn't want to leave me alone.
Ron noticed it also and said, "Hey, I've got an idea. How about we go around the room and each of us has to tell something they did in the past, and still would like to do it again."
Everyone agreed to that so we put the cards away and Ron, since he thought of it decided to start. "Well, one thing I did in the past was to sneak around the neighborhood and put things on people's porches. Nothing bad, but it was fun when I got up the next morning to watch the reaction of the people as they came out to get the newspapers."
"MMM," Joan said, "That sounds cool, but how would you do it now. I mean we are in college and don't have the neighborhoods like you had."
"I don't know, maybe I can do it when I go home for a visit." Ron said.
"OK, maybe you can. I would like to go with you to watch too." Joan said.
They were getting serious with each other, so they might do it. Ron looked at me and said, "Sally, what about you. I bet you lived a very protective life and didn't do anything bad at all."
I thought about the things I used to want and it got me excited all over again, so I said, "I have always wanted to be naked in front of others, but never really did anything like that. I dreamed of being controlled by others and not allowed to make my own choices when it came time to show off."
They all looked at me like I had rocks in my head. "No way" Steph said.
"Yes, way." I told her.
"So, you were missing someone to make you strip?" Steve questioned.
"Yea Sally, you missed being controlled. Would it be something you want to do now? You know, go naked." Joan asked me.
"Well, yeah, I think I would like to do it, but I'm older now and as you all know I'm still a virgin. I don't want to be where I might get raped or anything." I told them.
Steve asked again, "What is missing Sally? You don't want any guy. Maybe a girl?"
"No Steve, nothing like that. What I have always missed, other than being naked, was not being able to control when and where I had to show everything." I said.
"You mean like being hypnotized?" Ron asked.
"No, not like that. I would like to be told when and where to show off. What I could and couldn't wear. Who could see me. I wanted to be naked in public, but never thought I could do it on my own and thought if someone ordered me to do it, then I could. You know, I wouldn't be able to control the situation." I explained.
"MMM, that sounds quite interesting." Steph said. "So, say we wanted you to get naked and walk to the store to get some drinks, you would do it."
"Well, I'm not sure, but I would try if I had given up all control to someone else." I said.
"Then, why don't we make some plans for you Sally. The 4 of us will tell you when to dress, or undress. You would have to agree to do whatever we wanted and we would have to promise to protect you so you could stay a virgin. Would you be interested?" Joan asked me.
I thought for a moment before I answered her. "I would like to do something like that. I have wanted to be naked a lot before but never had the nerve to show my naked body out in public. But if I agree to this, you all must promise me that you will protect me so I am not raped, not arrested and not thrown out of college."
"Sally, we'll be sure nothing bad happens and that if we have you naked anyplace, we will be with you to make sure nothing bad happens. We can even make up a contract for all of us to sign and then we can begin." Joan told me.
"Ok, I think we can work something out. Can we discuss the contract and for how long I have to obey you all? It has to say that I won't get raped, arrested or tossed out of college though." I said.
"What if someone wants to touch you when you're naked? Will that be allowed?" Ron asked.
"I'll have to think about that Ron. I'm not sure if I want strange hands on my body." I told him.
"OK, let's all sit down and decide what to put in writing so we can begin showing Sally off." Steph said.
"No, we have to do one more things before starting." Joan said. "Well, Sally has to do one more thing for us."
"What is that Joan?" I asked.
"You have to get naked right now so we know what we are working with. Just go ahead and strip so we can all see you. After all, you said you wanted to go naked a lot and we are all friends here. Nothing else will happen until we make up your contract." Joan responded to my question.
Well, that made sense to me. After all, I dreamed of being naked as much as I could, so why not get naked for my friends. I stood up and began to strip. I was wearing jeans and a shirt, along with panties but no bra. I hated bra's and my boobs were not that big. So I never wore them, unless I had on something that required one.
I pulled my shirt off and folded it up. Steph held her hand out and I gave it to her. Now, they could all see my tiny titties.
"Damn girl. You got little boobs. What size are they?" Joan asked.
"I am a 34a. Never did develop much, but as I get more naked, my nipples get longer. They look like little torpedoes when I get turned on." I said, laughing about them.
I was never embarrassed about the size of my tits and loved how my nipples grew each time I got excited. Even when I was young and had no boobs at all, my nipples got hard.
I unbuttoned, unzipped my jeans and pulled them down my legs. I never thought that I was going to show my naked body to a couple guys, but that was all in my dreams. Stripping for a group of guys.
I got my pants off and then started sliding my panties down my legs. No one saw anything until I had the panties in my hand and stood back up. I was totally naked now and showing everything. I am so happy that I had shaved in the morning so my little slit was visible to all.
"Wow, Sally, that is so hot. I'm happy you shave down there because it shows off your pussy so nice. A rule we will add is you have to keep it bald just like it is." Steve said.
"Maybe we can shave it for you Sally. Would that be an option for us? We can take turns doing you." Ron told me.
"Well, I've never let anyone do that before. I shaved all the hair off once I started growing it because I figured it hid too much. But, since it is you guys, I think it would be nice if you took turns to shave me every day. I think I would like that, but you have to promise that you won't be sticking your fingers or anything else inside my pussy." I told them all.
"That's a deal then. We will set up a schedule to shave you each day." Steph said, "Now, why don't you go sit in the chair over there so we can discuss what, when and where you have to show."
"Once you sit down Sally, put your legs over the arms of the chair so we can see you better." Joan told me.
Wow, they're really getting into this. I am a little nervous about what they might make me do, but excited that I will do it and won't have any say in when or where I have to show parts of my body to others. I just pray they don't go so far to get me in trouble. My parents would never understand why I was kicked out of college, even though they do know about my exhibitionist side. I think they thought that I was over it because I didn't get naked like I used to.
I did as they wanted, sat in the big easy chair, and then put my legs over the arms. Sitting like this, I knew my pussy was on display for the 4 of them. I wondered how it looked. Did my hole open, did my lips separate?
So, I said, "Hey, I've never seen myself like this before. Think one of you could get a picture of me so I can see?"
Steve jumped up, grabbed his phone and said, "I'll do it. I can send it to your phone Sally, so you will have a copy to look at all the time."
"Well, I guess that's ok, but I thought you could use my phone to get the picture." I said.
"It will be easier this way Sally," Steve told me. "Besides, I think we'll have lots of pictures of you. You know for a scrap book of you. That way we will all have the memories."
I watched as he took a few pictures of me with my legs wide open and me totally naked. I prayed no one else ever saw the pictures, but I guess if they see me naked in person, they might as well see me in pictures. Then, he did something different. He got right up close to my gaping pussy and took some more pictures.
"Great, now you can see what your pussy really looks like. Did you know you are all wet down there, Sally?" He asked me.
"Yeah, I always get wet when I think about showing off for others, even if I haven't been like this before. I get excited when I dream of people seeing me." I said.
"Ok, just sit like that and look at your pictures while we discuss some rules and where we want to take you to show off." He told me.
My phone dinged to say I had a message and sure enough, he sent me all the pictures he had taken. I looked through them all and wasn't paying attention to my friends. They were all sitting at the table facing me and talked quietly so I couldn't hear them. They talked for what seemed like hours, but I think it was more like 30 minutes.
I noticed Joan was taking notes and Steph was putting things in her tablet. So, I guess they are serious about having me out and about naked or maybe just exposing me at different times. I wondered how I was going to feel about doing what they wanted. But, it is something I've always dreamed about. Being made to perform naked in front of others. I wondered if they were going to let others touch me. All 4 of them would get to feel me when they took turns shaving me.
I had the picture of the close up of my pussy on my phone, and noticed that I had missed some hair. Guess it would be a good idea for them to shave me so I didn't miss any more. I just stared at it. I wondered what I looked like before, and now I have a nice picture that shows me. I thought it was a nice-looking pussy, but had no way of knowing if it was the best or the worst, since I haven't ever seen anyone else like this.
I was snapped out of my thoughts when they all came back to me and handed me a paper. It had been printed out and now I had to read it. "These are your new rules Sally. You must follow them always or we get to punish you. Does that sound fair to you?" Steph asked me.
"Well, let me read them and then I'll tell you." I told them.
I read through them quickly and then they wanted me to go through them again, but I had to read them out loud and say yes or no to them. They wanted to be sure I was ok with everything before they started showing me off.
I started reading them, one line at a time.
'We won't have you do anything in class, unless you want us too. We want to protect you as best we can.'
"Yes, I agree to that and thank you for protecting me. Maybe at some point I'll let you do things in class too, but not right away." I said.
'You will be naked at all times while in this house. You must strip as soon as you come in and can't dress until it is time to go back out.'
"I like that idea. What if we have company?" I asked.
"The rule still applies, unless a parent or teacher visits. Then you will be dressed." Joan told me.
"Ok, that's reasonable." I said.
'The only clothes you can wear out are the ones we pick for you. You have no choice in what you wear, which also includes what you wear to class.'
"You said you won't do anything in my classes, but now you say I have to wear what you say to class." I said.
"Yes, that is true. But we won't make you dress in some sleazy or slutty clothes for class. It is just that we want to control what you wear at all times." Ron told me.
"OH, so you are saying if I'm not in class I'll be dressed like a sleazy slut?" I asked jokingly.
"No, Sally, it is just we want you wearing things that are easy to get off and on or moved to show some skin." Steve told me.
"OK, I can go along with that. I'll wear whatever you say." I said.
'Once a day you will get shaved by one of us. The first day will be Joan, the second day is Ron, then Steph and then Steve. Once we have all shaved you, we start over. It will be up to you to remind us who is supposed to do the honors.
Then I said, "Ok, when I am being shaved, do they shave just my pussy or do you have to shave my pits and legs too?"
They all laughed since they had not thought about that before, but all agreed to shaving all of me.
"You won't have to shave anything again. We will take care of all of it for you." Steve told me.
"And you promise that you won't be sticking your fingers in my pussy, right?" I asked.
"Agreed." They all said together.
'While we are out and not in class, if we say show me, or strip, you have to obey. If we say show me, you have to expose your tits and pussy. If we say strip, everything comes off, including your shoes.'.
I had to think about this one for a moment. "What if I'm wearing jeans when you say show me?"
"That means you have to pull them down to expose your pussy for us and the blouse or shirt has to be pulled up over your tits. Of course, if we say strip, you just take it all off." Ron told me.
"We will expose you in many places, such as a restaurant, the beach, in the movies, at a bowling alley, on the street, and even the library. Of course, we will pick other places too, so you have to be ready at all times." Steph said.
'While in the house, you are not allowed to close doors. That means that when you go to bed, your door stays open. When you use the bathroom, the door stays open. You can't hide anything at any time.'
"You mean if I have to pee, I can't close the door and you can all watch me?" I asked.
"Yep, that's exactly what it means. You have to be visible at all times, but you may use a cover when you sleep, unless we say otherwise at bedtime." Steph explained.
'Whenever you sit down, except while in class, you have to spread your legs apart. They will be at least 2 feet apart whenever you sit. It doesn't matter what you are or are not wearing. You will be showing panties, naked pussy or if you have on jeans, nothing.'
"I think that is ok. I don't mind showing off for you and others." I said.
'Whenever you are naked or just showing your pussy and tits, we are allowed to touch you all over. And others may touch you too. No one will put anything in your pussy so we can protect your virginity.'
"You mean if you have me naked or say show me, anyone can touch me and feel me up?" I asked.
"Yes, that is what it means. But as we said, we will tell everyone not to put anything in your pussy. But if they decide to probe your ass, they can do that, but not your pussy." Joan explained.
"You want me to allow just anyone to put their hands on my pussy and feel how wet it gets? I'm not sure about having a finger or anything else in my ass, but I guess I will find out, won't I?" I said.
'We can add to your rules at any time, but you have to agree with them before they are implemented.'
"Ok, I agree then. I accept all the rules you have given me and look forward to see what you might have me do or who I show off too." I said.
"Excellent," Joan gushed, "Now it's time to play. Let's go for a ride."
"Can I have clothes to wear?" I asked.
"Yes, we will give you something to cover up until we get to the car and then it comes off." Steph told me.
They went into my room and looked in my closet. It was strange not being able to pick out what to wear, but I let them go through everything and then they found what they needed. It was a simple dress, that had buttons up the front.
They handed it to me and Ron said, "Put this on by the door, but don't button it. Just hold it closed so you are covered. As soon as we say, you will remove it."
"OK" I said, and we walked to the front door. I was a little nervous, but excited at the same time. I was going to be naked outside in public. And the best part was I had no idea when or where I would have to strip.
Going to Steve's SUV, we all got in. The guys sat in the front and the three of us girls got in the back. Once I sat down, Joan tapped my legs and motioned for me to spread them. I had forgotten that rule, but as soon as she reminded me, I opened my legs and the dress slid to the sides. I was almost naked.
Steve drove us to town and when he stopped, it was at the entrance to a park. It had a big sign telling the name of it. It read, 'ROGER'S ROCK PARK'. I had been there before and knew it was a small park, but had a nice beach along the fresh water lake. There were tables, a bandstand, and tennis courts. I had no idea what I would have to do here, but was willing to do as they told me.
"Sally, we want you to get out, go to that big sign, remove your dress and pose for some pictures." Ron told me.
I started to get out to do as he said, but was stopped by Joan. "Once we have the pictures, you will leave your dress at the sign and then walk through the park, stopping at different places so we can get more pictures. I expect you to stay out in the open where you can be seen by anyone who happens to be here. There shouldn't be too many others, since it is at night, but you never know."
"And we will watch for the cops and warn you. Then you can hide, but only if it is cops." Steph told me.
Now, I was very nervous. I had to walk around a park naked and if anyone happens to see me, I can't hide unless it is a cop. But I was just as excited as I was nervous. I nodded my head to them that I understood the orders and was ready to begin.
I slipped out of the SUV, walked to the sign, looked around and took my dress off. I found a hook on the sign and hung my dress on it, then turned and posed for the pictures. I prayed they never got out on the internet. And hoped my parents or teachers never saw them. But, here I was in all my naked glory, showing off for my friends.
They said they had enough pictures, so I started walking around the park. I hoped that no one else was there, but deep down in my mind, I wanted to be seen by others. That is what I had always wanted, but never really showed myself to a stranger before. And, thinking that one of my rules was that if I was seen, whoever saw me could touch me. They could feel my tits, and pussy and rub my ass. The only thing they couldn't do was put their fingers or anything else in my pussy. But they could enter my ass if they wanted to. I hoped no one would want to do that, but I feel that my friends would tell them they could. Then I never knew if I would have a finger or something up my back door.
As I walked around the park, I got on the rock that the park was named after and posed for them to take pictures. I went to the bandstand and posed there for more pictures. I even went on the tennis courts and stood by the nets to get pictures taken.
Then it happened. I was just getting on the beach when I saw 2 people sitting on a blanket in front of me. I don't think they saw me and I started to turn around, but my friends made me walk up to the couple.
It was a boy and a girl making out, but they stopped when they saw me. Joan came up beside me and said, "Hello. This is Sally and she likes to show off. And, she has said she likes to have others touch her. So, if you want to touch her all over, feel free, but you can't put your fingers in her pussy. But, she will let you stick them in her ass. So, feel her up all you want."
The girl giggled and said, "Go ahead Mark, do it. I won't get mad."
"Are you sure Jenny. I don't want you mad at me for touching another girl." Mark said.
"No, I won't get mad and I'll even join you. That's ok isn't it? I mean both of us can touch her?" Jenny said.
"Yep, go ahead and if you want you can take pictures too. We will even take pictures of the 2 of you with her." Joan told the couple.
So, they both got up and I had 4 hands all over me. All I could do was stand and let them do it. I agreed to the rules and had to let them. They each took a tit and rubbed it, then pinched my nipples. They rubbed my body all over, squeezed my ass cheeks, and then ran their fingers over my slit. I was getting turned on and just spread my legs for them. Then the girl let the boy continue with my pussy while she went to my ass. She worked her finger inside me and then pushed all the way up to her knuckles. Once inside my ass, she wiggled her finger around and then started fucking me with it.
Mark said, "Wow, she loves this. Her pussy is getting so wet. Sure, we can't do more with her?"
"No, she's a virgin and she's gonna stay that way, but she might help you with her hands." Joan told them.
I noticed the other 3 were taking pictures or videos of all of it. I was getting so turned on, that I almost said they could fuck me. But, I couldn't do that.
"No, I'll take care of him later, so she can't have him. But thank you for letting us play with her. But now we have to do things on our own, so why don't you just take her and go away." Jenny said.
I was sad that my body wasn't being played with any longer, but I did as I was told and walked away with Joan. After that, I had to finish my walk around the park and then back to the entrance and Steve's SUV.
Once we arrived, I had to show off a little more before getting in. I was not allowed to put the dress back on while we drove home. Once there, I was told to get out and go to the door to wait for them.
"May I have my dress back please?" I asked.
"No, we want you to stay like you are. It's late, so there shouldn't be anyone out to see you. But if they do, smile and let them look or touch if they want." Steph told me.
Well, this is my dream come true, so I walked naked to the door and waited for them to come let me in. I had to wait about 10 minutes before they all came up to me to let me in. But I had to stand by the door as they all went in first and each of them touched me. The guys touched my pussy and the girls got my tits.
Then I was allowed inside. I was tired, so asked if I could go to bed and they allowed it and told me I could put a sheet over me tonight. I went to bed, wondering what tomorrow would bring.