Authors note;
This chapter contains parts 6-8 of Lex Talionis. I apologize for the lousy tag lines in Lex Chapter 3. I had Pt4 A fateful Encounter, and Pt5 A Timely intervention. They fit in the space fine, but Lit chose to change them to "Part 4 and Part 5" Also I made a typo in the chapter itself calling them pts 3,4. Also please check my bio page, the new picture there is a rough draft of what I hope to be the cover of a published version of SWB let me know what you think. It's based on Megan's "Broken" painting from Chapter 18. On another note this series is pretty dark to say the least and Chapter 5 will be the worst by far. Keeping that in mind I added something a bit lighter hearted at the end of this. Part 8; "Mark puts on a show" is just plain old good dirty fun, and honestly to me serves a purpose in the Mark/Megan "continuity" (sorry I used to own a comic book store this is why I am big on things like "origins and continuity") If you have read the Halloween one shot "Samhain" Mark has sex in front of close to 30 people and has no problems at all "performing" part 8 is the story of his first public display so I hope you have fun with it. P.S. I don't say much about myself personally, because well let's face it no one really cares, your just reading my story, but on the previous note; Not only did I own a comic book store, but obviously I write pornography, have a sword collection, a dozen tattoo's and like my characters follow the basic philosophy of Anton Levay. FBI profilers take note I am a dream come true. Now as always thank you so much for reading! Lovecraft68
Part 6: Megan's Journey Continues.
I pulled into my parking spot behind Mitch's and, getting out of the car, stretched my arms over my head wincing at how stiff I was. It was one am and had been a long ass day. The start to it was pleasant enough as I woke up at six am with my beautiful sister lying naked in my arms. Although Megan had been staying up to all hours painting, and seemed more asleep than awake, she didn't seem to mind me slipping first my fingers, then my cock into her insatiable little pussy.
As she had been doing every morning during the two weeks she had staying with me, Megan got up with me for a little while; first sitting and reciting the Ave Satanna with me, then having a cup of tea and asking what I would be doing during the day. I could tell she was exhausted and wanted to go back to sleep, but wanted more to stay up with me. Ever since she had talked me down from making the mistake of a lifetime, going after Max, my sister had been spending as much time with me as possible and I have to say I was enjoying it.
Max, I frowned and, leaning back against the car, pulled a cigarette out and lit it. Mistake of a lifetime was what I had just thought. I kept telling myself that my sister was right; I would have been risking an amazing future to put that animal out of his misery, but on the other hand, deep down there was a part of me that still wanted to do it. The thing that scared me most about that was I couldn't even blame The Voice for those thoughts, as, true to its word, it had been nowhere to be found. To my surprise I found myself a little put off that there was no sign of it.
Several times in the last two weeks while meditating I had gone into my attic to find the door to the Voice's room wide open, the room itself completely empty. I had checked all the other rooms, even risking, not only the room of pain, but also removing the brace that held the dog's door shut and taking a quick peek inside. The room of pain contained only that, an assortment of bad memories.
Before I could step out a couple of them leapt out at me. I was assailed by the vision of walking into my mother's room at the age of five and seeing her naked with her face in the lap of a man I had never seen. When mom had seen me she had yelled at me to leave. The man seeing me quickly jumped up and pulling his pants up yelled something at my mother and, after throwing some money at her, stormed out. My mother had given me a hell of a spanking and told me to never come into her room again. I was also struck by one of the most recent additions to the room; the terrifying image of the needle marks I had seen in Megan's arm several months ago.
The dog's room was pitch black and contained the musky aroma of a large animal. I could see nothing at first but after hearing the stealthy sound of padded footsteps turned to see a pair of blood red eyes regarding me from a corner of the room. As I stood looking into those burning eyes the dog let out a low growl, that was so deep and powerful I could practically feel the room vibrate, at which point I quickly exited making sure to rebar the door. The Voice was not present in either room and I found myself wondering where the hell it could go. Had it created its own room somewhere that I couldn't find?
I would have thought that I would be thrilled to be without The Voice, but somehow was disturbed by its absence. As I stood there smoking it occurred to me that it wasn't so much that I was upset it was gone, the problem was it had left on its own, which meant it could just spring up again whenever it wanted to. This also proved the room I created for it really had no hold whatsoever. Apparently it really could come and go when it pleased. The only hole in that theory was if that was the case why would it leave me alone for prolonged stretches of time?
I shrugged and, dropping the cigarette ground it out with the heel of my boot, decided to enjoy the night air a little longer as I recalled the day. After my morning romp with my sister I had worked out for two hours, and then had gone back and picked Megan up to go visit Doug and Denise. The visit had gone well except I got stuck helping Doug clean out his garage, which consisted of him pointing at things then conveniently having to go back into the house for something while I moved them. From there I had my Tai Kwon Do class, which on Saturdays featured open sparring.
This was one of the few times I missed the Voice. When I needed to I could always, as I had done at Carson's, "slow things down". Well when I tried that today nothing happened except for me getting whacked in the head while I was waiting for it. I fought four times, winning them all; although the last one, a full contact match, had been a tough one against an ox of guy who was slow as hell but had to weigh three hundred pounds. I won on points, which I was not thrilled with as I had really gotten some hard shots in and I don't think he even noticed, on the other hand he had landed some vicious body shots that eight hours later I was still feeling.
I had gone home to shower and had panicked when I didn't find Megan there, but when I went into the kitchen found a note on the fridge that she had gone out to supper with Tommy. Megan came home at six, but I had only enough time to give her a kiss and tell her I'd see her later as I had to work the door at Baby Head tonight. My shift was six to midnight and it was boring as hell, not that as tired as I was I wanted any trouble, but the occasional brawl did at least make the night go by. Then again who was I kidding, the thought of my sister's long legs, full lips, and smooth pink pussy waiting for me at home had made for a long night as well.
On that note I sighed and went upstairs to my apartment. When I entered I had fully expected Megan to be in the living room painting, especially since I had seen the light on from the street. The living room was empty, although Megan's easel was set up and some of her paints were out. I approached the painting and shook my head. Megan was painting the "Tortured Soul" that she had sketched while in the clinic, she had finished most of the monsters but hadn't gotten to the river and the boat with its sole occupant yet. I was in awe at how detailed the painting was, how eerily real. Megan was talented beyond belief and I had no doubt would be famous someday.
Turning from the painting I felt another twinge of unease. Megan had been doing amazingly well the last two weeks; going to meetings every night, staying away from bars and clubs, and even just sitting and sipping at a soda when she kept me company at Mitch's. Still in the last couple of years Megan had pulled several vanishing acts. Usually right after a stretch like this when everything seemed great and it finally seemed she was getting her shit together. The next step in the pattern would be her slipping and either getting drunk or doing a few lines, then rather than get back up and try again she'd feel terrible and, too guilty to face me or her parents, would leave.
In the beginning she would just hide out at some friend's houses, and then resurface. The last few times however had been New York and usually with Tommy, who had a bunch of party hound friends up there. I took a deep breath and seeing the bathroom door closed went over and lightly knocked. I didn't get an answer and opening the door slowly half expected another note in lipstick on the mirror. The bathroom was empty and the twinge became a sinking feeling. Of course the last time Megan had disappeared it had been after drugging me and taking my rent money, by far the lowest point she had sunk to.
I was turning to head for the bedroom when I happened to glance into the small kitchen and see another note on the fridge, walking slowly over I picked it up half expecting it to be some type of good bye letter. Instead it read;
Little Brother,
Was getting tired so I figured I would call it a night. Feel free to wake me up!
With a sigh of relief, I went into the bathroom and, after taking a quick shower, walked naked over to the bedroom door and quietly let myself in. The room was aglow with the flickering light of the several candles that were on the nightstands and, as I gently closed the door behind me, my eyes were immediately drawn to the sight of my sister lying in my bed. Megan looked absolutely amazing; she was lying on her stomach, her ivory skin a beautiful contrast to the black sheet drawn up to just under the small of her back, just low enough to expose her Baphomet tramp stamp tattoo. Just as sexy was her long raven black hair fanned across the smooth flesh of her back.
Megan's long extremely well shaped right leg was sticking out from the covers and as I slowly approached the bed, my cock rising with each step, my eyes eagerly devoured that long leg starting at her bright red toe nails and ending at her creamy upper thigh. I made my way to the side of the bed, and after very gently getting onto it, lied down on my side. After taking another moment to admire the soft curve of Megan's back, and of course to inhale her strawberry scented hair.
Leaning over I placed a gentle kiss on her shoulder, then sliding her hair away from it, placed another on the back of her neck.
"Hmmm." Megan groaned then asked softly;
"Little brother, are you looking for something?"
"Nah," I replied as I began kissing the middle of her back between her shoulder blades. "I'm pretty sure I found what I want."
After saying that, I slid down the bed so that my lips could trail all the way down to the small of her back.
"Ooooh." Megan cooed. "Are you getting fresh with your big sister?"
"Damn straight I am."
Tossing the sheet off I rolled over and slid even further down the bed so that I was lying between Megan's legs.
"Yeah Mark, you ohhhh!"
Megan groaned as spreading the cheeks of her amazing ass I flicked my tongue teasingly across her asshole.
"Oh look at you, being a bad boy and tonguing your sister's ass!" Megan whispered.
As she spoke Megan drew her other leg up under her, lifting her ass higher and giving me better access to her smooth pink pussy. Sliding my tongue from her ass I trailed it down between her wet lips to find and lightly tease across her swollen clit. As she let out a soft sigh of pleasure I breathed deeply, inhaling the intoxicating scent of my sister's pussy. I could feel my hard cock pushing down into the mattress and I had to resist the urge to just slide up onto my knees and just start fucking the shit out of my extremely hot big sister.
Instead I let my tongue wander back down and plunge into her soaking wet pussy. Keeping my tongue rigid I pushed it in and out several times then stopped.
"Aww," Megan whimpered. "Please don't stop little brother."
I pushed my tongue inside and held it there. Taking her cue Megan began to rock slowly back and forth pushing my tongue in and out of her hot little hole. As she continued to help me tongue fuck her Megan reached down between her legs and spreading her pussy open for me said;
"You know where that tongue needs to be little brother, be a good boy and suck on your sister's clit."
Pulling my tongue out I whispered;
"Damn that looks good."
Megan hadn't just spread her lips but had pinched her clit between her long red fingernails framing it perfectly for me.
"Oh yeah Mark, oh baby just like that!" Megan gasped out as my eager tongue started swirling in slow circles around her hard clit.
As my tongue worked its magic I spread Megan's ass further apart and, sliding my right hand down, dipped two fingers inside of her dripping pussy. As Megan groaned and her hips started rocking back and forth into my face again, I worked the middle finger of my left hand into her unbelievably tight ass.
"Oh, you like that don't you little brother?" Megan asked as pushed her ass back, driving my fingers deeper into her. "You love knowing you're the only one that can touch your sister's ass!"
My response was to start pumping my fingers in and out of my sister's tight little holes, while sucking her tender clit hard into my mouth. Megan moaned in pleasure as I began rapidly working her clit in and out of my mouth, matching the rhythm of my fingers. Megan's hand left her pussy and I knew she had slid it back up to join her other hand to play with her nipples. Megan's breath started coming in short gasps and I could feel her thighs starting to tremble against my pussy soaked cheeks.
"Oh, oh right there Mark!" Megan moaned out in between those sexy little gasps. "Oh don't stop ohhhh I'm almost there!"
Sucking her clit into my mouth harder than before I held it there swirling my tongue around it. At the same time I pressed the finger that was in her ass against the ones in her pussy through the thin flesh that separated them. With a long loud squeal Megan began to cum. I squeezed her ass harder and buried my face even deeper into her gushing pussy so I could keep sucking her off as her hips began bucking wildly in my face.
"Oh Mark of please keep licking oh my, Ohhh!"
I was moaning myself as I felt Megan's pussy and ass contracting around my fingers. Even better than that was with each contraction my face was being coated with more and more of her sticky cum. Feeling her orgasm cumming to an end I couldn't resist pulling my fingers out and plunging my tongue back into her steaming slit. Megan let out a long shuddering moan and I felt her go limp in my face. I swirled my tongue around inside of her pussy, lapping up even more of her delicious juices.
"Hmmm," Megan cooed. "Someone likes how his sister tastes." She moaned again as I slowly slid my finger from her ass then said;
"As good as that feels little brother, you know what your nasty girl needs now."
As she spoke Megan drew her legs up all the way so that her knees were tucked up under her stomach and her small beautifully shaped ass was pointing up in the air. I let out a sigh of anticipation as while I got to my knees my eyes locked onto my sister's pussy, which was so wet it was dripping down her thighs. By this time my cock was so hard it was aching and with no hesitation I grabbed her hips and in one smooth motion buried my cock deep inside of my sister's amazing pussy.
"Oh fuck yeah!!" Megan cried out as I drove myself so far into her I could feel my balls slap against her wet pussy.
Grabbing Megan around her narrow waist I started slamming the shit out of her. I would have loved to have taken my time and teased her with my cock, but I needed my sister's pussy and needed it bad. Megan didn't seem to be complaining, as she was letting out loud yelps of pleasure each time my huge dick pounded into her incredibly hot tight pussy.
"Oh yeah little brother!" Megan exclaimed. "Oh look at you fucking the shit out of your big sister!!"
Looking was exactly what I was doing; admiring the sight of my long thick cock sliding in and out of my sister's welcoming flesh. Megan's pussy was so wet my cock was not only glistening with it, but was making a moist sucking sound every time I pulled out and slammed myself back inside. I moved my hands from my sister's hips and, placing them on her back, started pushing down onto her back in rhythm with my thrusts so that she was bouncing back up into me and my cock was being driven into her even harder.
"Yes!! Oh yeah Mark you slam that fucking pussy!!"
"Yeah sis?" I asked her as I continued to shove her down into the bed. "You like your little brother fucking the shit out of you?"
As I spoke Megan pushed herself up against my hands, getting up onto her hands and knees and, turning her head, looked at me over her shoulder. My breath caught at how hot Megan looked; her long black hair was hanging in her sweat streaked face, but through it I could see her all but transparent blue eyes staring at me with a look of pure lust in them. Megan's mouth was open as she panted and moaned with every pump of my hard cock, and as I watched she licked her full lips and shouted;
"Come on Mark, don't hold back, take it!! Claim your big sister's pussy, go ahead and... mmm."
The rest of what Megan was going to say went into the pillow as, leaning forward, I grabbed her wrists and yanked them back causing her to fall face first to the bed. I pulled Megan's hands back until they met at the small of her back, quickly grabbing both her thin wrists in one of my hands. I reached down and, catching a hand full of her long sweat dampened hair, pulled on it bringing her face back up as I reared back and started really hammering into her hot little box.
"Oh shit!!" Megan yelled. "Oh goddamn that's hard!!"
"You think that's hard sis?" I asked.
Letting go of her hair I leaned back onto my right hand and, pulling hard on Megan's wrists, brought her up onto her knees. I was bent back as well resting on my elbow and at this angle my cock was driving almost straight up into her.
"Oh my fucking god that's deep!!" Megan screamed as I started thrusting my hips up into her.
I was pumping my sister with everything I had and at this point her yelps contained that delightful mix of pleasure and pain that drove me wild. As I stared at Megan's hair plastered against the sweat streaked ivory skin of her back, and listened to her whimpers of pain mixed with loud squeals of pleasure, I could feel myself getting close to cumming. Leaning back as far as I could I gave Megan's wrists a hard yank, causing her to cry out sharply in pain.
"Oh ow!!" She whimpered then, knowing exactly what I was looking for, yelped out; "Oh please little brother! Oh please it hurts!! You're hurting me, oh please stop Mark, pleeeeese!!"
Hearing my sister begging me to stop and moaning in pain sent me over the edge. I gave her a couple of more savage pumps that elicited another delicious wail of pain wracked pleasure, then, unable to hold back anymore, I buried my cock balls deep into her incredible pussy and felt myself explode inside of her.
"Oh damn!!" I groaned loudly as I felt the first enormous shot of cum shoot deep up inside of my sister's already sopping wet pussy.
"Oh yes oh give it to me baby!!" Megan shouted.
I moaned again as Megan began bouncing up and down on her knees driving my spurting cock even further inside of her. I moaned again as I continued to paint the walls of my sister's amazing pussy with my hot sticky load. As good as it felt Megan made it even better as she whimpered out;
"Oh every drop, ohhh your big sister loves it when you cum inside of her!"
I let out a whimper of my own as, looking down, I saw that I had cum so much that there was some of it spilling out of my sister's overflowing pussy and down the length of my cock. I let go of Megan's wrists and she fell forward onto her hands and knees, causing my cock to spring free with another one of those sexy wet sucking sounds. With a long satisfied sigh Megan rolled over onto her back and, looking up, gave me one of those adorable huge crooked smiles of hers.
"Damn, I'm going to bed before you from now on!"
Before I could respond Megan looked down at my cock and, shaking her head, said;
"Now little brother you can't lie down with your cock all messy like that! Why don't you bring it up here and let your big sister clean it up for you?"
With that Megan opened her mouth and waggled her tongue invitingly at me. Not needing to be told twice I crawled up the bed and, swinging my left leg over Megan's chest so that I was straddling her, slowly dipped my semi erect, cum dripping cock into my sister's waiting mouth.
"Hmm-mmm." Megan groaned.
I moaned as well as my cock was sucked into her warm wet mouth where her tongue began swirling around my shaft. I rocked my hips slowly, sliding my cock in and out of her mouth. My hips twitched as Megan sucked hard on just the tip of my cock and I could feel a couple more drops of cum trickle out. Megan pulled her mouth from my cock, her lips making a loud smacking sound and, smiling up at, said;
"All gone!"
"Damn." I said softly, all but falling down onto the bed next to her.
I had lied down on my back and turned to see Megan propped up on her elbow looking at me.
"Tired little brother?"
"Oh yeah." I said already feeling my eyes begin to close.
"Hey Mark?"
"Yeah sis?" I asked, trying to avoid sighing, Megan was a night owl even more so than myself and the sex had probably woke her up.
"Listen um, I was thinking." She hesitated then said; "Look Mark I was thinking of spending tonight at Tommy's."
I turned to look at her, trying not to let the disappointment show on my face.
"Really? I thought you guys weren't really seeing each other right now."
"Yeah I know I wanted to take some time, but he's been taking me to the meetings and he was telling me the other day how much he's missed me and," She let out a sigh;
"Honestly Mark I've been here for two weeks and I don't want it to look funny. Before you say it Tommy gave up his apartment and he's staying with his parents in the basement apartment there so he's not as tempted to mess with the coke anymore and his dealers won't come around so you don't have to worry about that."
I nodded, she was right of course, sooner or later it would look funny, it had just been so nice to have my beautiful big sister to wake up to every morning. Not just for the sex either, but just how amazing holding her and being held by her felt. As close as I was to Krissy at one point, and even in the first few months with Cynthia when we were an actual couple, I had never come close to feeling as close to either of them.
"Besides," Megan pointed out. "I'm sure Cynthia has missed you, I mean it's been a couple of weeks."
At that I put my head down and smiled sheepishly.
"Well, now that you mention it." I told her. "I may have um slipped off to Cyn's place for lunch a few days ago."
"Mark!" Megan exclaimed although she was smiling. "You were with her when I was spending the night?"
Before I answered I couldn't help but smile at the memory of that day; waking up between Megan's thighs, fucking the shit out of Cyn in the afternoon, and then finishing the night off by fucking my sister again. I then looked at Megan and noticed she was looking around as I tried to meet her eyes. I smirked at her and said;
"Oh and I suppose that when Tommy's been whining about missing you, that you haven't caved?"
Megan tried to keep a straight face then laughed.
"Well, we may have caught a quickie after the meeting a couple of nights ago."
I shook my head as I knew damn well Megan was thinking what I had been. Starting and finishing with me and Tommy in the middle. Not for the first time I thought that my sister and I truly were a couple of sick puppies.
"Anyways Mark," Megan continued. "I don't want to stay with Tommy more than a night. I mean I'm not really sure where we stand, except he's definitely closer to me than I am to him and don't want to let him think that it might go back to it being serious." She shrugged "You know, like you and Cynthia."
"Yeah," I frowned. "You know lately sis I've been thinking about it just being Cyn, she really is good to me."
Megan smiled.
"But Mark then you couldn't make any money from Mrs. Robinson the lawyer!"
"True." I said nodding and, let's face it, the money wouldn't be why I wouldn't want to give Robin up; the woman was smoking hot and insatiable.
"You know Mark, Mom and I were talking today when you were helping Dad, she'd love me to come back and stay with them." Megan put her head down as a look of sadness came over her.
"But Dad still doesn't trust me and I can't blame him." She sighed then smiled a little. "Mom does want me to spend the weekend though so I figure I'll stay with Tommy tonight, go there, then come back here on Monday and stay for a few days is that okay?"
"Yeah," I answered, although I'm sure I didn't sound overly enthusiastic. "You're probably right, it's just been great having you here." I laughed. "Reminded me of the old days at the folks."
"No sneaking here though." Megan said and smirking added. "And I don't have to bite through the pillows when you're fucking the shit out of me."
Megan stared at me then reaching out she gently caressed my cheek with her long nails and said;
"I'll miss you too Mark, but you know it has to be this way."
She had an odd look as she said that last part and I understood it fully; the two of us could never be an actual couple, for obvious reasons, but I would be lying if I didn't say there were times when I wanted to say fuck it and try anyways. On the heels of that thought was the inevitable concern of getting caught, it would end my career before it even started.
As I thought about it I watched Megan and was sure she was thinking along those lines, although for her it was the idea of her parents finding out. Three years after it had happened and Megan still felt guilty to lying to them after we had been caught in that hotel room.
I could see it in her eyes that my sister was getting upset. In order to head off another of those melancholy funks she was prone to slip into I extended my arm and said;
"Come on over here sis, your little brother wants to curl up with his beautiful big sister."
With a huge smile Megan immediately rolled over to me and, lying on her side, draped her long leg over mine and, wrapping her arm around my waist, gave me a kiss then, with a sigh, rested her head on my chest. I sighed contentedly as I wrapped my arm around her shoulders and nuzzled my face into her hair. Reaching down with my other hand I grabbed Megan's hand where it was resting on my stomach and gave it a squeeze.
"Hey Mark?"
"Yeah sis?"
"I'll make a deal with you."
"About what?" I asked.
"Seeing as I won't be here for a couple of days, if you sleep in with me and don't get up to go to the gym early, you're nasty big sister will more than make it worth your while."
"Deal!" I laughed.
"Good." Megan said. "I love waking up with you."
Megan was quiet and after a couple of minutes as I felt my eyes begin to close I whispered;
"Love you sis." I said quietly.
"Love you too little brother." Megan said softly.
Megan was true to her word, as my morning started by waking up to the sensation of sister's soft wet tongue teasing across my left nipple. I opened my eyes and let out a sigh as I felt Megan suck my nipple into her mouth. I slid my hand up from her shoulder and ran it through her long hair. Megan lifted her head from my chest and, turning to look at me, smiled and said;
"Oh good you're awake, I didn't want to start sucking your cock until you could enjoy the show."
With that Megan slid down the bed and rolled over my leg so that she was lying between my thighs. Grabbing my rapidly hardening cock in her right hand Megan dipped her head beneath it and started gently sucking on my balls as she began slowly jerking me off.
"Oh damn that feels good sis." I groaned as her tongue swirled across my balls then started trailing its way up the length of my shaft.
"Yeah little brother? You like your nasty big sister sucking on your balls?"
"Oh, yeah I do." I whispered.
Despite the fact that Megan had been blowing me for the last three years, the sight and the taboo of seeing my big sister lying between my thighs tonguing my huge dick never failed to give me a thrill. Megan had parted her full lips and was now sliding her mouth up and down the length of my cock. My hips twitched as she flicked her tongue across the tip before slowly descending down the other side of my shaft.
"Hmmm, I love this cock." Megan moaned as she began rubbing it along the sides of her face.
"Oh that looks good." I told her.
My cock was dripping and my sister's cheeks were now glistening with my precum, as I watched Megan touched the tip of her tongue to the head of my dick and pulled back, taking a long string of my sticky fluid with her.
"You want me to suck on your big cock little brother?" She asked.
"Yes please."
"Ooooh," Megan cooed. "I love when you say please. Well you were very good to me last night little brother so you just lie back and enjoy."
With a wink Megan placed her gorgeous lips around the head of my cock and with deliberate slowness took my cock an inch at a time into her amazing mouth. I moaned as I felt Megan's lips touch the base of my shaft, where she began to swirl her tongue around my cock while slowly shaking her head back and forth. After holding me deep down her throat Megan slurped her way back up to the tip, then began rapidly bobbing her head up and down, taking me all the down each time.
"Oh shit sis, damn you can suck cock!" I told her.
"Mmmm hmmm." Megan agreed as she began to suck even faster.
I lied there moaning as I watched the incredible sight of my sister completely devouring my huge dick. Megan was moaning as well and she was grinding her hips into the bed, totally turned on to be blowing her little brother. I started to breath heavier as my sister wrapped her hand around my cock and began jerking me off as she continued to suck on me. I reached down and pulled Megan's hair from her face and as I did she looked up so that she was staring me in the eye as she continued to work my cock with her talented mouth.
Megan pulled my cock from her mouth and, looking up at me through her eyelashes, pouted and in that little girl voice that drove me crazy said;
"Little brother, I'll suck you off if you want, but I'd really like to feel that big dick in my tight little pussy." She pushed her lips out even further. "Can your naughty sister ride your big cock little brother?"
"You can do anything you want to me sis." I told her, fully meaning it. It's not like I wasn't going to make out one way or another, all I knew was that I was going to get to cum and damn hard too, it would just be a matter of where.
"Oh thank you sir!" Megan answered and getting up onto her hands and knees began to make her way slowly up my body.
I smiled at the sight of my naked sister crawling up from between my legs. Megan was low enough that her hard nipples were caressing my stomach and chest. I let out a moan as I felt her sopping wet pussy slide across my cock. Bracing her hands on my chest Megan swung her legs one at a time over my hips so that she was straddling me. I went to reach down and guide my cock inside of her, but Megan shook her head and whispered;
"Put your arms over your head."
Smiling I did as she said and, leaning forward, Megan grabbed my hands with her own, pinning them to the bed. As she held me down Megan bent forward and started sliding her hard left nipple lightly across my lips. I opened my mouth and started flicking my tongue across it causing Megan to let out a soft sigh if pleasure. It was then my turn to moan as Megan started sliding her wet pussy across the length of my cock. Each pass she pushed down, allowing my throbbing cock to almost but not quite slide into her hot wet pussy.
"Oh please don't tease sis." I begged as she switched off and started swinging her right nipple across my mouth.
"Oh I loooove when you beg little brother."
With that Megan slid her wet pussy along my stomach then, sliding back, caught the tip of my cock between her lips and slowly eased down into it. We both sighed as my sister worked the length of my cock deep up inside of her and started rocking back and forth on top of me. Megan leaned down and, catching my lips, gave me a long lingering kiss, her tongue pushing into my mouth to caress mine.
Breaking the kiss Megan let go of my hands and, placing hers back on my chest, started bouncing straight up and down on my cock, driving it even deeper into her. I looked down between our legs enjoying the sight of my soaking wet cock sliding in and out of Megan's perfectly smooth pink pussy. Reaching down with my left hand I placed my thumb on her clit and started rubbing it in small circles.
"Oh yeah, oh look at you being good to your sister!" Megan cried out.
Megan started slamming herself up and down harder and faster and, having already been sucked on for quite awhile, I could feel my legs start to tremble and my cock begin to twitch as I felt myself getting closer and closer to cumming each time my sister drove herself down on top of me.
"Oh damn sis," I groaned. "Oh you feel so fucking good!"
Megan could sense me getting close and, looking down at me, pouted and whimpered;
"Oh please hold on little brother! Oh please let your big sister cum first!" She smiled. "I'll give you a treat!"
Knowing what that meant I started rubbing my finger across her clit even faster and, bringing my right hand around her hip, spread her cheeks apart and managed to get the tip of my finger into her ass. The next time Megan slammed herself down on top of me my finger shot deep up into her ass and sent Megan off like a rocket.
"Oh fuck yeah!! Oh oh ohhhh..." Megan threw her head back and screamed so loud I was glad the bar was closed or someone might have called the cops.
Megan thrashed wildly on top of me as her pussy convulsed around my throbbing cock and she let out a series of sharp cries of pleasure. I closed my eyes and turned my head, trying to avoid the sexy sight of Megan's eyes rolling back in her head and her beautiful tits bouncing up and down. I was right on the edge and desperately trying to hold off to get my treat. At that moment I felt my cock getting even harder and whimpered as I knew I wasn't going to make it.
My sister however knew my body even better than I did and, as soon as I whimpered, reached down and, grabbing the base of my shaft, squeezed it tight.
"Oh ow!" I groaned as Megan had stopped me just before I was going to begin cumming.
Quickly swinging her leg over my waist Megan turned and, lowering her head, let my cock go just as she wrapped her lips around the head of it.
"Oh fuck!!" I cried out as I released a tremendous spurt of cum into my sister's waiting mouth.
I moaned and bucked my hips as Megan held her lips to the tip of my cock and her right hand jerked me off deep into her mouth. The faster my sister pumped my cock the more I seemed to be cumming. Megan was sucking as she was jerking and every long hard spurt was going right down her willing throat. Finally with another of those embarrassing whimpers that I could never help, I slumped back into the bed gasping for breath.
Megan gave me one more good hard suck then, sitting up, leaned across my chest and gave me another long kiss before rolling over onto her back next to me.
"See little brother," She said in between breaths. "Your sister is the only thing you should be pumping first thing in the morning!"
Megan then rolled onto her side and, finding myself still tired, I curled up behind her and we fell back to sleep for another hour before the alarm went off. Despite the fact we had already fucked I found myself taking Megan again in the shower, nothing fancy just her bracing her hands against the tiles and me grabbing her hips and pounding the shit out of her until, once again, I exploded and painted my big sister's pussy with my cum. Not for the first time I thought that it was a good thing neither of us could have kids.
Afterwards I took Megan to breakfast then, when we came back, I sat and watched her pack enough clothes for the weekend at Doug and Denise's. As I sat there smoking a cigarette I thought once again of how bizarre our relationship was. The fact that we had sex was, of course, wrong in itself, but that we did it while seeing other people was pushing it even more. I found myself wondering if we always would, I shook my head and smiled at the image of myself at thirty five or so, married to a beautiful woman and her saying to me;
"Your sister's coming to stay again? Wow Mark you guys really are close!"
I had laughed out loud and when Megan asked what was so funny I told her; she said the only thing funny about it was the idea I would ever get married. After thinking for a minute I realized she was right. When she had finished packing I grabbed Megan's bag and walked her downstairs to the old Celica that Tommy was letting her use; Tommy of course drove the brand new Camaro his rich daddy had bought him for his birthday six months ago. Megan's meeting wasn't until six but she was going to go over the folks place and have lunch and spend some time with Denise while Doug was working then go with Tommy.
"You gonna miss your sister?" Megan asked as we stood next to the car.
"I always do." I told her.
Megan smiled and hugged me tightly to her. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and we stayed there for a couple of minutes. As Megan pulled back from me I leaned forward and gave her a quick kiss.
"Watch out Mark, we're outside." She told me.
I shrugged, no one in this neighborhood got up before noon.
"Mark, you gonna spend some time with Cynthia?"
"Maybe why?"
Megan shrugged.
"I just don't want you to be alone that's all." She smiled. "Besides you were saying you were maybe thinking of dating her again." She stopped then with a sigh added;
"I just want to make sure you're okay Mark, that you won't... well you know."
I looked at her questioningly. Megan rolled her eyes.
"You won't get stupid will you?"
Max. She was talking about Max, as I thought about it; I realized that since that night she had stopped me Megan hadn't let me out of her sight, only going to meetings when I was working. Looking at my sister I felt good knowing that she was concerned about me. I smiled at the thought that my big sister really was back.
"I'll be fine sis." I told her smiling reassuringly.
"Yeah? You'll be okay without me?" She asked again.
Resisting the urge to roll my eyes I nodded and repeated;
"I'll be just fine sis. I always will be."
Megan smiled and giving me a quick kiss on the cheek said;
"Bye little brother I'll give you a call later."
"Promise?" I asked.
"Promise." Megan said as she got into the car.
I watched Megan pull away and sighed, I wasn't lying I would be fine. Megan and I were finally back to the way it used to be; the two of us watching out for each other and nothing, not even getting revenge on Max, would be worth losing my sister.
Mitch's was slow as hell that night and I was sitting at the bar shaking my head as I saw it was only eight o'clock I had come down at six and immediately gone over to Cynthia, who looked hotter than ever in a skimpy tank top that showed off her huge tits as well as leaving her flat tanned stomach bare, and short black skirt with knee high boots. Coming up behind her I wrapped my arms around her waist and whispered in her ear;
"Cat's away, would you like to play?"
Cynthia's answer was to reach down behind her and give my cock a hard squeeze through my jeans as she tilted her head up and kissed my cheek.
"Damn straight I do." She said.
I spent the first hour cleaning the tables and then shot some pool with a couple of the regulars before finally giving up and sitting at the bar reading Crowley'sBook of LiesAt one point I looked up as I heard Cynthia loudly clear her throat and when I did she flipped her skirt up, showing me black lace thong that left her full round ass all but bare. I made a show of slapping one of my hands hard against the other and Cynthia immediately straightened up and gave me an adorable little pout.
I winked at her and went back to trying to concentrate on the book, Crowley fascinated me, but after every couple of paragraphs the words would be replaced by the image of spreading Cynthia's ass and burying my tongue in her red haired pussy. I had just reached over the bar and, grabbing the bottle of Jack poured myself a shot, when the phone rang and the night went to hell.
Cynthia grabbed it on the second ring and as soon as I heard her say;
"Yeah Tommy, he's here hold on."
As soon as I heard Tommy's name mentioned I felt all too familiar sinking feeling in my stomach. It'll be okay, I told myself, maybe he's just making sure I don't mind if Megan stays after I kicked his ass a couple of weeks back, just wants to let me know he's not into anything and my sister will be fine with him.
"Mark it's for you." Cynthia called out leaving the receiver on the bar.
I took a deep breath and, as I walked behind the bar, continued to reassure myself; Megan was doing great, she had promised me it would be different this time. Still I found myself picking up the phone as if it were going to bite me.
"Yeah Tommy?"
"Hey listen, Mark," Tommy began, and this time my stomach plummeted, I could tell in his tone something was wrong. "Is Megan with you?"
I swallowed hard and said softly;
"She's supposed to be with you Tommy."
"Yeah well she hasn't shown up for the meeting yet and I..."
"The meeting was at fucking six!" I snapped into the phone. "You decide to call me two fucking hours later?!?"
"Whoa, hey Mark," Tommy was all but stuttering. "She called and said she was going to dinner with her folks and she would meet me for the eight o'clock one. It's only a few minutes past." He paused and sighed;
"I already tried their house and Doug said she left there before he even got home, Denise said around three."
I closed my eyes and tried to stay calm. As I did Tommy continued;
"Megan told Denise she was going to see me."
Five hours I thought, she had a five-hour head start.
"Tommy does she still have your car?"
"Yeah why?"
"Report it stolen now."
"Yeah but Mark I don't want her to get in..."
"She's already in trouble you asshole and I'm sure she's heading for more, now call the fucking cops. I'll be there in ten minutes."
"Hey Mark," Tommy sounded panicked. "This isn't me man! I've been clean I..."
"I'm not coming to beat you, you fucking pussy!" I yelled at him. "I'm coming to pick you up so you can take me to some of the places she parties, maybe we can catch her."
"Oh," Tommy said with obvious relief. "Well I know some places but you know Mark she was hanging with some bad ass motherfuckers, I mean they can really handle themselves I..."
"Hey Tommy, ask Carson if I can handle myself. I'll be there soon, now call the police."
I hung up the phone and turned to Cynthia, who looked at me shaking her head.
"Is your sister missing again Mark?"
"I'll find her." I told her. "Call Mitch if you need help later, I don't know when I'm coming back."
"Okay Mark," Cynthia caught me by the hand as I walked by and, as I looked at her, she whispered; "Be careful Mark, please."
"Oh trust me Cyn, I'm not the one who gets hurt, ever."
I got to Tommy's in record time and, as I beeped and waited for him to come out, I closed my eyes and called out in my mind;
"Where are you?" I hesitated and added; "I need you."
There was nothing.
I opened my eyes as Tommy climbed into the car.
"I called Betty and she hasn't seen her since yesterday," He began already lighting a cigarette with shaking hands. "I tried a couple of other people and so far no one's seen her since she came back." He shook his head. "She was doing great Mark, she really was."
During the next three hours Tommy and I hit over a dozen clubs and several houses where he knew people partied. There was no sign of Megan at the clubs and no one at any of the first few houses had seen my sister. The fourth place we stopped however belonged to a guy named Butch who was one of the bigger dealers on the East Side and, as I stood there looking around, Tommy asked him if he'd seen Megan. Butch nodded and said he'd run into her at the gas station and had invited her back for some "fun" as he put it.
Tommy tried to ask him another question but Butch told him to screw it, wasn't his fault Tommy couldn't keep his girlfriend on a leash and he was done talking. Butch quickly changed his mind as a moment later I had his arm up behind his back, an inch away from breaking it.
"I'm not Tommy you prick," I hissed in his ear. "Where the fuck is my sister?"
"H-hey man easy!" Butch whined into the wall that I had his face pushed into. "Look she came back here and she asked if I had any candy, so I mean, well, I asked if she had any, so we did a few lines and fooled around and next thing I know she starts getting all fucking freaky, saying she fucked up again and something about facing people. I tried to get her to calm down but she got dressed and took off."
"When?" I asked. Please let it not been too long ago.
"Shit man, maybe around six."
Over four hours ago and she was in a car.
"Hey man," Butch continued to speak into the wall. "I hope you find her, I mean I was just having fun and..."
"Hey Butch?" I asked.
"Y-yeah Mark?"
"Go fuck yourself."
With that I pulled his head from the wall and slammed it back into it. I did it once more before I stepped back and let him fall to the floor.
"Jesus Christ Mark!" Tommy snapped. "What the hell's wrong with...?"
Tommy never finished as I swung and hit him in the face, sending him sprawling.
"Find your own way home you piece of shit." I told him.
Tommy looked up at me wiping the blood from his mouth.
"Mark I didn't do this, I..."
I reached down and grabbing his collar stared into his eyes and said softly;
"You set her on this path. Everything she has done since is on your head." I nodded and then added; "If they ever find my sister dead of an overdose Tommy, you won't live to hear about it."
I quickly stepped back as I could feel myself wanting to start swinging and knew full well I wouldn't be able to stop. The dog was growling in its room and there was a part of me that wanted to let it out. I walked outside and, getting into the car, waved at Tommy who had followed me out as I peeled away. I needed to calm down, I shouldn't have hit Tommy, it wasn't his fault, but I needed to take it out on someone.
Once again I looked into my mind and sought The Voice, it would know what to do; it always did. As had been the case before I could feel no trace of it. I felt another wave of nerves go through my stomach as I realized that this time I really would be alone. I arrived back at Mitch's where Cynthia was waiting for me; she looked upset as if she had been crying. I went up to her and, before I could even ask, she started talking;
"Mark! Megan was here and..."
"When?"
"A couple of hours ago but," Cynthia shook her head. "Mitch came in a few minutes after you left and sent me out to Baby Head to get a few bottles of things we were low on. I told him what was going on and he said he would watch for Megan."
"So what happened?" I asked already knowing it wouldn't be good.
"I was gone about an hour, when I came back in Mitch said Megan had come strolling in like nothing was wrong and when he told her you were running around worried about her she rolled her eyes and said she had just run into an old friend and went for dinner and then she went upstairs."
Cynthia put her head down.
"I went right up there and started knocking but there was no answer so I went out back and there was no car." She put her head up and I could see she had tears in her eyes. "I think she got her stuff and left."
"Oh you stupid fuck!" I snapped out loud.
Megan had played it perfectly; she had known I would go looking for her and had come by and, seeing the car gone, had come in. It had worked out even better for her that Cynthia was gone.
"I'm sorry Mark," Cynthia said. "I shouldn't have gone, I wouldn't have left her alone, I..."
"It's not your fault Cynthia." I told her quietly. "She would have found a way or, if not, just left without her things."
I turned and walked towards the backroom.
"I'm going upstairs."
"Mark?"
I turned to her.
"Why don't I come up tonight and keep you company, you look like you could use it."
I looked at her and wanted to tell her yes. I didn't want to be alone, and Cynthia would stay all weekend if I wanted her to. As I continued to think however I realized that this was where the problem was in the first place; needing someone. I had loved Krissy and ended up breaking both of our hearts, I loved Megan dearly and now, for the second time in less than two months, Megan had hurt me, now Cynthia wanted to get close to me. I shook my head and said;
"Thanks Cyn, but I need to be alone."
"Yeah but Mark..."
"Good night Cyn I'll see you tomorrow night."
I went upstairs and immediately saw the note pinned to Megan's unfinished painting. I walked over and pulling it off read it;
Mark, once again I'm sorry, but the tormented journey of my own soul continues. No matter what I do I feel empty. I tried little brother, I really did, but I need something to help me get through and don't want you to have to see it. I'll call you soon, please don't hate me. Megan.
Feeling numb I walked over to the couch and sat down. Turning Cyn down had left me completely alone for the first time I could remember, no Megan, no voice. After a half hour or so I went into the bedroom and laid down staring at the ceiling. I closed my eyes even though I knew it was useless and spent the next hour or so trying to fall asleep. Finally giving up I got up and, after lighting several candles around the room and sitting cross legged on the bed, began to meditate.
After awhile my mind began to relax and I found myself thinking about fate, destiny and where my sister and I had gone wrong. The obvious answer was that we were weak and unappreciative of the second chance that life had given us. Megan's weakness of course was more glaring; her addiction overcoming her once again. Now that I thought of it, perhaps it had been fate that had caused her to steal from me. Had my sister not done that I would have never gone to the Green Bar and run into Max.
Following that train of thought, I realized that The Voice had been right; Max had been put there as a reward, a way to exorcise my demons. I had thought Max a test, but now I knew that the true test was my sister being sent back to me to talk me out of it. I had failed that test, allowing my love for my sister, and fear for my future to stop me from achieving my revenge. Now it made sense; once Megan had caused me to fail, she fell again. Fate had used her to test my will and I had come up wanting, failing to practice Lex Talionis, the law that my beliefs were based upon.
I was getting ready to open my eyes when, for the first time in over two weeks, I felt that odd sensation of being watched;
"It's not too late."The Voice whispered.
"Where were you?" I asked out loud.
"Waiting for you to man up and grow a pair!"
"I'm sorry I was weak." I whispered. "You were right, I failed."
"It's not over yet Mark,"The Voice said calmly."We can still get him, we know where he is."
"Yeah," I said then, unable to help it, blurted out. "I'm worried about Megan."
When I said it I expected the Voice to either start screaming or threatening to go away again, instead it said quietly;
"I know Mark, I am too."
"I thought you hated Megan." I said.
"That's not true Mark,"The Voice answered."I love Megan she's our sister."
"But you always tell me to forget about her."
"Because I'm the part of us that knows where to draw the line Mark."It sighed."I'll tell you what Mark, we'll take care of Max and next time Megan comes back I'll help you help her."
"How?" I asked.
"Not sure yet Mark, but I have never failed you have I?"
"No."
"Okay then, you get me Max and I'll help our sister, deal?"
I took a deep breath and nodded. I felt better already; The Voice was back and I had another shot to make things right. Who knew, maybe when I passed my test fate, as a reward, might bring my sister back and let me help her.
"Maybe Mark,"The Voice agreed."But you have to take it all the way with Max."
"Kill him you mean?"
"Nothing else will do Mark. Can you do it?"
I found myself smiling.
"The dog can."
I felt The Voice smiling back at me.
"Very true, but not at first Mark, Max needs to know why he's dying, so we will have to stay in control for awhile."
"Toy with him." I whispered.
"We have a lot of pain to make up for Mark. It can't be quick."
"Oh," I said smiling at my reflection in the mirror. "It won't be."
"That's better Mark, you can't fight destiny."The Voice laughed."Now why don't you call downstairs and tell that little pig to come up and take care of you."
"I did want her up here." I told it.
Once again I had the impression that The Voice was smiling. I was smiling as well; it was good not to be alone.
"Then take what you want Mark."
Part 7: The trap is set.
The Green Bar opened at noon but I wasn't able to get there until twelve thirty. It had taken me until this morning to realize that, afraid Megan would find it, I had flushed the coke I had bought from Keith down the toilet. I called Keith at ten and he was more excited to hear from me than he had been the first time. I made him even happier this time, buying twice as much; unfortunately I couldn't meet him until eleven thirty and I found myself hoping that Max's connection hadn't already gotten there.
I sat in my car for a minute and took a few deep breaths, making sure I would be calm when I saw Max. I had been getting used to seeing him, but a couple of weeks had gone by and I had to be certain I would be in control. Today the Voice had said we would play it differently, that when the time came we would end up pissing Max off and I had to be sure I could hold back if Max threatened me. Why we were going to piss him off I wasn't sure, but the Voice said that it would be important later on. I didn't understand, but no longer needed to. The Voice had been there for me for years. Unlike my sister it had never left me, from now on I would just trust it.
When I entered the bar Max was there sitting at the bar with a beer in front of him. I walked over and sat down on the stool next to him.
"Hey." I said simply, as I pulled out a pack of Marlboro's and, tapping one out, lit it. Max turned to look at me.
"Where you been kid? Haven't seen you in a couple of weeks."
"Busy." I answered as I waved the bartender Billy over.
"Hey let me get a smoke." Max said.
Without waiting for an answer Max grabbed the pack and took three out.
"Help yourself," I said sarcastically then snatched the pack away from him. "Things cost money you know."
Knowing me by now Billy brought over a beer and a shot of Jack.
"Fuck the beer, give it to him." I pointed to Max "And get me two more shots."
"Thanks." Max said, sliding the beer over to himself.
Billy brought over two more shots. I did the first one alone then taking the second in my hand slid the third to Max. and held mine up.
"Cheers."
Max picked up the shot and tapping my glass downed it.
"You into some money this week kid?" He asked.
I nodded.
"As a matter of fact I've been doing alright the last few weeks."
As I spoke I glanced over at him;
"I couldn't make it last couple of weeks, your friend still come by on Fridays?"
"Usually about 1." Max told me. "You're in time."
I nodded then, looking straight ahead, smoked in silence. As I did I could feel Max staring at me.
"Hey Mark?"
"Don't look at him."
"Hmm?" I continued to stare away from Max.
"Where did you come from?"
At this point I did turn to look at him.
"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.
Max shrugged.
"Never saw you before, then you show up and keep coming back, now you're looking for a hook up."
"You think I'm a cop?" I asked. Max looked as if he were thinking.
"I don't know, you look pretty young, how old are you anyways 22?"
"Around that." I told him.
"What's your last name?"
"Let's get him going Mark."
I turned away again.
"My business." I replied.
"Hey," Max said grabbing my arm "Look at me when I talk to you."
I froze; I knew that tone, had been hearing it in my sleep for years.
"Not yet!"
I slowly turned my head towards Max.
"Move your fucking hand." I whispered softly.
Max stared at me, his eyes widening as if he couldn't believe what he had heard, as he stared I exhaled my cigarette directly into his face.
Max jerked his head back and as he did I yanked my arm free from his sweaty grip.
"What the fuck's your problem?" Max demanded.
"I don't like to be touched." I said "I also don't like twenty questions. Fuck Max, we hang out and have beer, you don't need to know shit about me."
"You know kid I've told you before about that mouth."
"Max, I just gave you cigarettes, a beer and a shot and you grab me like an asshole and start wanting my life story, I think you got the problem today." I smiled and continued;
"But I guess you're a little antsy aren't you Max? Waiting on your connection, has it been awhile?"
Max looked at me.
"I just wanna know your game Mark, you're here for somethin' kid."
Once again I shrugged.
"I told you what I'm here for today."
At that point Billy came over to grab the glasses and, before I could order more, Max sighed then finally said quietly;
"I know you don't I?"
I hesitated and I felt the Voice do the same. A minute later it laughed;
"Oh this is perfect! Play along Mark, see where it goes."
"What makes you think that?"
Max shook his head.
"More a feeling than anything, look at me for a minute."
"Fine." I said and locked eyes with him.
As I focused on Max's watery blue eyes I felt a strange burning sensation in my own and somehow knew the Voice was making them darker. A moment later I felt it again. Max squinted at me.
"Hey.." He began then stopped as I felt the burning again.
"What the hell was that?" Max asked.
"What?"
"Your eyes just changed color."
I laughed.
"You high already Max? Well, do you know me or not?"
"Maybe not, I'm just jumpy, got burned by a narc before."
Before I could answer the door to the bar opened and a tall thin black man came in. I smiled as I realized I knew him; his name was Jake and he sold for Carson, a nickel and dimer, but then again at a place like this that's all you could get. This was perfect, what would be the odds it would be someone I knew?
"Destiny, Mark Destiny."
I watched as Jake sat down at a table with a couple of guys for a couple of minutes. Next to me Max was staring at Jake his mouth working as if chewing, but there was nothing in it. I had seen Megan do this; geeking they called it.
"That's your guy?" I asked.
Max nodded, still fixated on Jake who had just been given an envelope. He looked inside and counted the contents slowly, enjoying the anxiousness of his customers. After a minute I saw him pass a small packet under the table.
Jake rose and began to head towards them.
"Gonna give me a nod Max?" I asked.
"Yeah sure." He said.
"Max my man." Jake said as he reached them.
"Jake." Max said, already reaching into his pocket. I glanced over at Billy who was watching TV.
"No worries kid, Bill looks the other way." Max told me then spoke to Jake.
"Hey this kid's new here, and he needs a little something."
"Yeah?" Jake asked looking at me "New faces make me nervous Max."
"He's cool Jake,been hangin here awhile, and wants to sample the local flavor."
"Yeah well hey, a friend of Max, well you know." Jake said and put his hand out to me. I ignored it and said;
"Damn Max I thought you had taste."
" What?" Max asked as Jake pulled his hand back looking pissed.
"C'mon Max," I said shaking my head. "This is one of Carson's bottom feeders. Shit's cut more than a deck of cards."
"Hey asshole I don't know who you are but you're interfering with my business here." Jake said as he turned to Max.
"You got my money?"
Max nodded and began counting out twenties, his hands were shaking.
"Pathetic piece of shit."
"Hold on Max." I said "I can get you better than this."
"Knock it off kid." He said as he finished counting his money. "I thought you wanted a hook up."
"I could get stronger in the candy store." I said.
"You know what you little fuck?" Jake snapped." You need to take a walk before you get hurt."
"Yeah Mark," Max chimed in. "Cool it, you don't want any fine but..."
"Hold on." Jake said staring at me. "Mark?"
"That's me." I said smiling at him.
Jake stared at me looking me up and down his eyes lingering on my tattoo's.
"Megan's little brother." He said softly.
"In the flesh." I said, then smirking asked; "How's Carson these days? Still smiling?"
"Jesus man," Jake said putting his hands up in a go easy gesture. "We have no problem here, none at all."
"What the hell's going on?" Max asked.
Jake ignored him telling me.
"Hey Mark,no one's been near Megan, trust me, Keith put out the word."
"Really?" I asked."I heard last blow she bought was from some tall skinny nigger who works the Olnyville area."
"You heard wrong man." Jake said "I haven't seen her in months, she don't hang around here."
"Jake?" I asked.
"Yeah?"
"Get the fuck out of here. I won't allow my friend here to waste his hard earned money on your watered down garbage."
"Yeah well listen Mark, this is my spot and... hey!!"
Jake jumped back as I stood up quickly.
"It's still your spot Jake," I said shrugging. "You're just a sale short today, unless of course you want to fuck with me." I smiled wickedly. "Your teeth would make a nice necklace."
"Enough bullshit!" Max snapped as he put his money on the bar. "Jake, I'll beat you myself now, who are you more afraid of?"
"Hey" Billy yelled. "Take that shit outside if yo got a problem."
"Well?" Max asked.
Jake stared at Max who was literally twice his weight and towering over him then at me where I was leaning against the bar. I smiled and tapping my teeth winked.
"Listen Max." Jake said quietly. "I can't, not today."
"What?!?" Max went to grab him and Jake quickly jumped back.
"Max I'm not kidding!" Billy yelled.
Billy was approaching them, the bat that he kept behind the bar in his right hand. Max spun to face Billy and I stepped back; Max had the look. His face was beet red, his eyes bulging he was practically spitting when he spoke;
"Mind your business Billy!" Max yelled, the few other customers were all standing in anticipation. As Max had turned away Jake ran out of the bar.
"Train's leaving Max." I told him. Max turned around just in time to see Jake go through the door.
"What the fuck!" He yelled then spun back to me. "You little fucking runt." He paused, breathing deep.
"Outside!" He snarled. "Now!"
"Calm down Max." I said quietly.
As Jake had done, I put both my hands up palms out, the only difference was between the middle and index fingers of my right hand was a small white packet. Max hesitated staring at it.
"Oh yes Max, come and get it."
"Come on Max." I said to him. "Let's take that walk outside."
Without waiting for a response I calmly walked towards the door, knowing Max would follow. I exited the bar and walked along the front, and around the corner where I stopped and leaned against the wall. Max came around the corner seconds later.
"What the hell are you doing?" He asked. "And where did you get that?"
I smiled at him.
"You're right Max. I do have a reason for being here the last couple of weeks. You see I represent some new blood in town and I'm looking to stake some new claims so to speak."
"You deal?" Max asked.
As he spoke he was looking at my hand trying to see if I still had the packet(,) the way a dog would look for a treat from its master.
"I do Max, and trust me when I tell you I have better stuff than you're buying from Jake, waaay better my friend."
"Why didn't you say anything?"
I shrugged.
"I needed to see whose spot it was. Were not big enough to take on some of the big boys, but Jake's nothing and so is Carson."
"Is that how Jake knew you?"
"Yup."
"He was afraid of you."
"Carson and I had words a few weeks ago. Someone got hurt, it wasn't me."
"Yeah you look like you can handle yourself."
"And you, you fat fuck."
"Anyway Max, thing is what I have is so sweet and so pure, and I am so sure you'll want more that the first taste is on me my friend."
I put my hand out as if to shake and, as Max did, I passed the packet to him.
"Yeah?" He asked sliding his hand into his pocket. "That good?"
"I'll give you my number, you'll be calling tonight and you can get just as much from me as Jake with that two hundred you have, but mines twice the bang, trust me."
"This all you have with you?" Max asked.
I nodded.
"That's all I have until Sunday so save your money Max, play some pool if you need to because we will be doing business."
"Who's your man?"
I laughed.
"C'Mon Max, I'm not stupid. Just try it out on the house and we go from there."
Max nodded.
"Yeah we'll see if it's that good."
"Fair enough," I told him. "Hey come with me for a sec."
I crossed the street to my car with Max following.
"Damn kid this is a nice ride."
I opened the driver's door and, sliding in, turned the key and revved the motor. Max whistled;
"Shit kid that's something you must be doing alright."
"Business is good Max, know why?"
"Cause it's the best shit out there?"
"Now you're learning." I smiled realizing I was enjoying myself. Reaching into the glove compartment I removed a pen and a small pad and wrote my name and phone number.
"Call me when you want more." I said passing the number to Max.
"Yeah alright kid," Max reached in and clapped my shoulder hard with his hand. "You take it easy."
"I take it anyway they'll give it to me Max." I said with a wink.
I closed the door as Max laughed and waved to him as I pulled away.
"Got him Mark! We fucking got him!"
Part 8. Mark puts on a show.
Unlike last night Mitch's was pretty busy. Mitch was hosting a "reunion" with a bunch of his biker buddies from New York. Because there had been trouble when he had done this a couple of years ago the bar was closed to the public tonight so the entire crowd were current or former hells Angels.
There were probably close to two-dozen people at the bar and around the tables, which wouldn't have been too bad had Cynthia been on with me, but I had forgotten that she had needed the night off to go to Boston for a family thing. Mitch was there but may as well have not been as, rather than staying behind the bar to help me, was out at one of the tables shooting the shit with his old cronies. Mitch's friends drank like fiends, and, the fact Mitch was letting every other round be on the house, helped with that. I had been running all night and was barely keeping up.
In a way I was glad to be busy as it kept my mind from spinning about Max. I had spent the rest of the day feeling as if I were in a dream. Did I really just set a man up to come to my place and kill him? I had thought that if anything I would be nervous and worried, especially considering I had no plan whatsoever as far as how I was going to dispose of close to three hundred pounds of dead meat. Yet I found myself feeling excited, as if killing Max was what I was meant to do and it would be the trigger to bigger and better things to come.
The Voice was excited as well, talking all day long about how, when the time came we would meet our destiny head on and become so much closer than what we were now. I wasn't sure I understood but found I didn't really care. All in all I have to say I was feeling pretty fucking good, the fact that I was doing shot after shot myself while serving wasn't hurting either. The only thing that could have made the night better would be Cynthia being here. As hyped up as I was I had been looking forward fucking the living shit out her. Not only fucking her but completely controlling her as well, treating her like the fucking whore she was. Because it had slipped my mind that she wasn't going to be here, I wasn't even wearing underwear, hoping to try to get her to blow me behind the bar like she had once before.
I was so worked up just thinking about it that my cock kept getting hard to the point that I was beginning to scan the crowd to see if there was someone else there I could take it out on. There were maybe a dozen or so women there, all a lot older than me, but most of them still pretty good looking. The only problem was I was in the mood for something wild, and Cyn was trained, I couldn't pull that shit with someone I had just met. Then again, I thought as I watched a couple of the biker bitches slut themselves around as the juke box played, they had to be pretty hardcore to be running with a gang.
As if reading my thoughts I heard a voice say;
"Hey baby what's your name?"
I turned to see a woman with long dirty blond hair, and dark brown eyes leaning on the bar to my left. She was wearing a black Harley Davidson tank top with no bra underneath. In addition to her huge tanned tits almost falling out of the top, her hard nipples were all but poking through the thin material. I immediately found myself wondering what she looked like waist down.
"I'm Mark." I told her walking over to stand directly in front of her.
"Tori." She said flashing me a killer smile.
"A pleasure." I said looking directly down her shirt where I could just see the rose colored skin of her nipple.
"I'll bet you are." She said smirking.
"I do what I can." I told her flashing my own perfect smile.
Tori reached out and ran her long red nails down my arm.
"I'll bet you can do a lot."
"Hey watch out pretty boy!" Mitch called from the other end of the bar. "That's a faster ride than you can handle."
At that quite a few of the bikers laughed and, as I looked back at Tori and saw her smirking again, I had the feeling this was a set up. That thought was confirmed when Mitch then called out;
"Hey Mark, I know Red's not here but I think there's a lot of women here who'd still like to see your little show!"
"Hey someone's gotta work around here!" I called out to him.
"Aww, come on Mark." Tori said smiling at me. "You don't want to dance for me? Mitch said you put on a hell of a show." With that she reached out and squeezed my arm. "I've been known to put on a pretty good one myself you know."
As I looked at her I could see a lot of the bikers, men and women both, watching. This was definitely a set up; sending a wild one up here to scare the pretty boy bartender.
"I mean unless you don't want to." Tori said giving me a little shrug. "I mean you are still pretty young."
"Hey Mark, the bitch wants a show, let's give her one."
I hesitated, this wasn't the college crowd and I had a feeling this could become embarrassing.
"Go for it Mark, it's another step in our evolution."
I wasn't sure what that meant and the Voice continued;
"Were not like the rest of the herd Mark, let's give them something they won't forget!"
"Take the bar old man!" I called out to Mitch.
Mitch stood up from where he was and called out to the crowd;
"Everyone's all set for awhile right?"
As the crowd all called out that they were I looked over at Mitch and caught him winking at Tori. Walking over to the end of the bar I tossed a quarter to a guy standing next to the juke box.
"D7." I told him.
I then started to walk around to the other side of the bar to grab Tori and see how much of a kid she thought I was when I started grinding my cock into her ass.
"Oh no pretty boy!" Mitch called. "On the bar," He laughed and added; "Didn't I tell you? This is ladies night!"
As the women all whistled I looked at Mitch, who was rail thin with a long grey pony tail and a permanent limp. Not for the first time I thought that he reminded me of Wade Garrett from Roadhouse. As I continued to stare I also saw he was drunk out of his mind, most of them were. As soon as he had said it Mitch walked away from the bar and waved his arm in my direction.
"Come on girls get up nice and close so you can throw Mark some money, after all he is just a poor college kid trying to get by."
"You'll pay for this old man!" I called out to him.
As Ted Nugent's Stranglehold began to play I looked around and saw all eyes were on me. Over a dozen women had come up to stand right before the bar, and the guys were hanging back a bit, but all facing me. Reaching behind me I picked up the bottle of jack and, tilting my head back, poured a long shot of it down my throat. As I put the bottle back down I saw Tori walking away from the bar. I also noticed the bottom was even better than the top. Tori was wearing a denim skirt that was so short I could see the curve of her ass cheeks, her long tanned legs were well muscled and she was wearing a pair of stiletto heels that looked painful to walk in. As my eyes wandered up I could see the top of what looked like a huge tattoo on her back just over her tank top.
"Let's go pretty boy!" Mitch called out.
"Come on Mark; let's show them not all men are created equal."
Putting my hands on top of the bar I vaulted easily up on top of it, getting a cheer from the women in the front. Springing to my feet I turned sideways and executed a perfect back flip to take me into the middle of the bar, where I started swaying my hips to the grinding beat of the music. Several of the girls whistled and, after I did a quick spin, I dropped to my knees directly in front of one of the women and, pulling my shirt half way up, gave her a little shimmy.
"Oh goddamn," She whispered as she reached out and ran her hand down my chiseled stomach.
Reaching out I grabbed her hand and put it on my crotch where I was already starting to get hard just from having them all staring at me.
"Holy shit!" She exclaimed.
I sprang to my feet and, I strutted down to the other end of the bar to where a blond was waving a ten dollar bill at me. Once again dropping to my knees I reached down and, after letting her tuck the ten into my jeans, then sliding off the bar to sit on the stool raised my arms. Taking her cue she grabbed the bottom of my shirt and tugged up over my head. My cock twitched again as I heard several women whistle and cheer.
The woman who had removed my shirt was staring wide eyed at my chest and, on a whim, I grabbed the back of her head and pushed it into my chest so that her mouth was on my nipple. With no hesitation she opened her mouth and started to tongue it. I turned sideways so the women next to her could get a good look and noticed the blonde was playing it up, making a show of flicking her tongue across my hard nipple.
"Oh you guys are going to be paying!" I heard Mitch yell.
"Yeah we'll see!" Someone responded.
Pulling back I was ready to hop back up on the bar when the Voice piped up;
"What? We don't return the favor?"
Leaning forward I cupped my hands under her smallish tits and waggled my tongue at her. The blond's eyes widened and she seemed to hesitate as I had.
"Go ahead Sherry, show him those tits!" An older woman a few feet away yelled.
Rather than take her shirt off Sherry pulled down not just the edge of the shirt but the top of her bra as well, allowing her tits to pop out. As the crowd cheered I eagerly leaned down and sucked her right nipple into my mouth. Sherry groaned and grabbed the back of my hair as I had done to her. I shifted top her other nipple and, as she had done, made a show of swirling my tongue around her hard pink nipple.
Regretfully I pulled back and, after giving her a quick kiss, hopped back up onto the bar, where swaying back over to the middle again, I made a show of unsnapping my jeans.
"Yeah baby whip that thing out!" A brunette who had to be pushing fifty called out to me.
I worked my way over to her and, pulling my zipper partway down, pulled the jeans to the side to show the edge of my pubic hair.
"All the way baby!" The woman shouted out.
That was a little further than I was going to go at this point. Instead I jumped off the bar landing in front of her and, wrapping my arm around her waist and pulling her close to me, whispered;
"Go on and reach in honey."
I have to say these women were pretty bold as, with not so much as a seconds hesitation, I felt her hand go into the front of my jeans and immediately wrap around my now very hard cock and squeeze it."
"Oh my god!!" She cried out. Then instantly started jerking me off in my jeans.
Unable to help it I let out a moan and started to try to pull away.
"What's the matter Mark?" Mitch laughed. "These women too much for you?"
Before I could answer the woman grabbed the back of my head and pulled me down into a hard kiss where she all but forced her tongue into my mouth. The entire time she was still pumping my cock and, after I moaned again, I did push back away from her. As I did she tried to hold onto me to pull my cock out but my wrist had caught hers and took her hand away.
"Oh come on baby," She said laughing. "You got nothing to be ashamed of."
"You're going to owe me Mitch!" Someone yelled.
"Hey Mark," I heard a female voice call out. "Come on over here and dance with me."
I turned to see Tori standing over near the pool table. As I watched she walked over to one of the thin wooden beams that ran floor to ceiling and, grabbing it with one hand, let her weight go and expertly spun herself around on it. The guys all cheered as she spun herself down to the bottom, crouched down and ran one of her extremely long legs up the pole. From fifteen feet away I could see that she wasn't wearing any panties.
Tori swung herself back up and, after spinning around the pole again, pointed her ass directly at me and wiggled it back and forth. As she did one of the guys leaned over and hiked her skirt over her hips, exposing her bare ass. Tori reached back and, after slapping her ass a couple of times, stood up and, turning to me, smiled and made a come here gesture.
I felt my heart start to beat faster as I realized what was really going on. There were nothing but bikers in the bar and they were waiting for a real show. Mitch used to tell me stories about some of the, pretty much flat out, orgies they would have back in the day and how it would be nothing for one of the women to take on a guy, or sometimes two or three, right in front the rest of the gang. Mitch had made a crack that it took a real man to fuck in front of a roomful of people and I had laughed and said I was sure I could do it.
"That's because we can Mark, if you've got it flaunt it."The Voice laughed again and I was starting to wonder if my buzz had transferred to it."And baby we got it!!"
"Uh oh," One of the guys called out. "I think you scared him Tori!"
Stranglehold died out to be replaced by the equally grinding beat of AC DC'sShe's got the Jack
"Come on baby!" Tori called out extending her hand. "Let me make a man out of you!"
"Oh bitch please!!" The Voice made a disgusted noise. "Mark, show this skank we take what we want."
The Voice was right, as was the older woman who had been fondling me, I had nothing to be ashamed of. Not only that but after years of playing the game with my sister I was far more than Tori was expecting. My heart was still pounding in my chest but my cock was also throbbing in my pants as I pictured Tori's smooth pussy winking out from between her legs. Stepping away from the bar I started to walk over to where Tori was and as I did everyone else stepped back a few feet and all turned to face us.
"That's my boy!!" Mitch called.
I noticed he sounded further away and, as I glanced over, I felt my breath catch even more; Mitch was locking the door so no one could walk in.
"There you go baby!" Tori called out.
As I got closer to her Tori put her arms over her head and started swaying seductively to the beat. When I reached her I put my hands on her hips and began swaying with her. Tori put her right arm around my shoulders and, pulling me close to her, started rubbing up against me. My breathing picked up as I could feel her hard nipples rubbing across my chest through her shirt. Tori spun around so her back was to me and, pushing her ass into my cock, started grinding up and down on it.
I wrapped my arms around her waist, pulling her tighter to me, and started thrusting my hips into her.
"Ooooh. someone's excited." She cooed.
Tori leaned her head back and, turning it to the side, began to kiss and suck on my neck. Sliding my hands up from her hips I grabbed her tits through her shirt, getting some whistles from the crowd. Those whistles quickly turned to cheers as Tori put her arms up over her head and I slipped it over her head, exposing an enormous tattoo of a winged dragon across her back. I tossed the shirt to the side and as soon as I did Tori grabbed my hands and placed them over her tits.
I groaned at how good her huge tits felt in my hands. Tori let out a gasp of her own as I found her nipples and started rubbing them between my fingers. Tori reached back behind her and, after squeezing my cock, whispered;
"Not bad if you can use it baby I...ohhhh!!"
Tori moaned as I gave her nipples a light pinch. Grabbing my hands one at a time Tori brought my fingers to her lips wetting them and then placing them back on her nipples.
"Hmmm," She sighed as she let herself lean into me as we continued to grind to the beat. "Yeah baby just like that."
We continued to sway like that for a couple of minutes and, as we turned,I once again saw everyone watch us, most with smirks on their faces waiting for things to get really heavy. They didn't have long to wait as Tori leaned forward and, removing my hands from her tits, pulled away from me and, turning, held her beautiful full tits up, her fingernails framing her rock hard nipples.
"Want them?" She asked.
Leaning in I wrapped my arms around her waist and buried my face into her left tit, sucking her rose colored nipple into my mouth and swirling my tongue around it.
"Oh yeah you suck that tit." Tori moaned.
I switched to the other one and, as I did, brought my fingers up to play with her other nipple. The air conditioner was broke and I could feel myself sweating, Tori was as well and the feel of her sweaty tit pressed against my face was getting me even more worked up. I was so hard right now my cock was beginning to ache and I found myself hoping this wouldn't be some kind of a tease in the end.
Tori pushed my face away from her tits then, putting her arms around my shoulders, shimmied down to her knees and, staying there, placed her mouth over my cock through my jeans.
"Oh damn," I whispered as she started sliding her mouth back and forth.
Tori looked up at me her dark brown eyes staring into mine, pulling her mouth away from my crotch she smiled and reaching up began to unzip my jeans.
"You ready baby?" She asked.
Without waiting for an answer she pulled my zipper all the way down and started to reach into my pants. I looked around and saw over two dozen people staring directly at Tori between my legs. I felt Tori's hand wrap around my cock and her breath hiss out as she felt how thick it was. My heart was pounding even harder and I suddenly felt a twinge of nervousness come over me. Without realizing I was going to do it I stepped back from her.
"I told you Mitch!!" I heard someone yell.
"Aww bring that back baby." Tori said from her knees.
I heard several people start to laugh, and distinctly heard one guy say;
"Never send a boy to do a man's job!"
"Stop fucking around Mark! Show them what you got!"
Quickly reaching down as if it was what I meant to do all along, I grabbed my cock and with a flourish whipped it out, almost hitting Tori in the face with it. By this time the entire crowd had gathered down at this end to be able to see and I smiled at the amount of gasps I heard as I exposed myself.
"Goddamn look at that thing!" One woman exclaimed.
To my delight I noticed the men became eerily quiet, except for Mitch, who yelled;
"Christ kid, no wonder Red's all over you!"
"Ohh baby," Tori whispered, looking up at me she licked her lips and said softly;
"Oh you bring that right back over here."
I stepped back up to her and Tori immediately grabbed it with her right hand and started slowly pumping it. I stifled the moan that was trying to come out as she stroked my throbbing prick. Tori took her left hand and, putting it over the right, started jerking me off with both hands.
"Damn," One of the women standing to my left said; "Two hands and there's more."
Tori looked up at me once more and, leaning over my cock, slowly stuck her tongue out just far enough to slide across the tip of my cock. This time I did moan and a few of the women laughed. Tori however was far from laughing; letting go with her left hand she placed my cock against her face and started rubbing it along first one cheek, then the next. There was a look of absolute lust on her face as she started slowly licking my shaft from top to bottom. I focused completely on her forgetting about the others around us.
Tori reached the top of my cock placing her lips over the tip of my cock and after pulling my jeans all the way down, grabbed my hips and in one smooth motion took my cock all the way down to where I could feel her bottom lip touching my balls.
This time I couldn't even try to cover up the loud groan that came out when, after a few seconds, Tori still holding my hips and using only her mouth, started rapidly sucking my cock in and out of her incredible mouth. Tori moaned around my cock as I reached down and started playing with her nipples. As intent as I was on watching Tori devour my cock like a starving dog would a steak, I couldn't help but become aware of some of the comments flying around the bar.
"She keeps sucking him like that he won't last a minute when he fucks her!"
"Hey Tori suck him off! He's a kid, he can go twice!"
I sat there feeling as if I were in a dream; I was getting an amazing blowjob in front of over two dozen people and they were debating how I should cum. Further adding to that feeling was when several women started chanting;
"Suck that cock! Suck that cock!"
Tori was definitely listening to them as she started blowing me even faster and harder. I was starting to breath heavier and moan even louder, especially when she dropped one of her hands from my hip to start playing with my balls. Suddenly a guy called out;
"Hey Tori, let him be a man and fuck your mouth!"
Another guy chimed in with;
"Yeah it's not like you don't love it, you slut!"
Tori instantly stopped sucking and, holding just the tip of my cock in her mouth(,) placed her hands down on her hips and looked up at me.
"Hmm-mmm." She said.
Totally caught up now, I grabbed two handfuls of her hair and started fucking her mouth fast and hard. Apparently whoever had called her a slut was right as Tori began moaning around my cock as I brutally face fucked her. I was going as hard as I dared and she was easily taking my entire length. The only problem was I could feel my legs shaking and I didn't know whether I should stop or not. The crowd made my mind up for me as they started chanting.
"Suck him off! Suck him off!"
Tori reached up and, grabbing my hips, started pulling me into her mouth and pushing me back again, helping me to fuck her mouth. I let out a loud gasp and several people started to cheer like it was a sporting event. Finally I couldn't hold back any longer with a long loud moan I felt my cock explode into Tori's mouth. The crowd could tell I was cumming and once again were calling out;
"Suck him dry Tori!"
"Take it all!"
Tori was whimpering in pleasure and her eyes were rolled back in her head as I shot spurt after spurt of hot cum down her more than willing throat. When I finally stopped cumming I tried to pull away, but Tori held onto my hips and started sucking hard on just the tip, getting a couple more drops of cum but also causing me to let out one of those embarrassing whimpers. The sound was not lost on the crowd as I heard a woman call out;
"Aw Tori your going to make him cry!"
Tori pulled her mouth from my cock with a loud smacking sound and, turning her head to look at Mitch and several of the other bikers, opened her mouth wide to show she had taken it all.
"You're a good girl Tori!!" Mitch said laughing.
I stood there panting, my legs shaking, wondering what was next. I didn't have long to wonder as Tori stood up in front of me and, walking over to the pool table, shimmied out of her skirt and, sitting on the edge of the table, beckoned me over.
After slipping my boots off and stepping out of my jeans I walked naked over to her. As I did I became aware of every woman's eyes glued to my body. My cock had not gone completely down yet and, as I saw the look of desire on all their faces, I felt myself starting to rise again. Someone else noticed as well as I heard.
"Christ Tori you didn't even tire him out."
"That's why I love them young!" A woman called out.
"Who you kidding?" A guy responded. "You love them if they're breathing!"
When I reached the table Tori smiled and pointed at the floor.
"Just fuck her Mark! Pig like that doesn't deserve anything else!"
"Come on Mark, she took care of you!" A woman yelled out.
As I stood there Tori leaned back and, reaching down, spread her pussy open and slipped one finger inside.
"Come on baby," She whispered; "You know you want a taste."
I couldn't argue, not caring what the guys thought I should do, I dropped to my knees and, grabbing Tori by the thighs, pulled her right to the edge of the table and, draping her legs over my shoulders, eagerly plunged my tongue into her sopping wet pussy.
"Oh yeah baby," Tori moaned. "Oh that's nice!"
After spending a minute tongue fucking her, I slid my tongue through the length of her wet pussy and, finding Tori's swollen clit, swirled my tongue around it before sucking it into my mouth.
"Oh damn," Tori moaned. "That huge fucking cock and you can suck pussy, oh shit Cynthia's a lucky bitch!"
"Hey Tori we can't see!" A woman's voice shouted.
I felt Tori lift her legs up off my shoulders and looked up to see she had hooked her arms around the backs of her knees so that the people standing behind me could watch me tonguing her pussy. Although I had just cum minutes ago I was once again aware of my cock hard and throbbing between my legs. Seeing as Tori hadn't played around or teased, and had pretty much sucked me right off, I decided to return the favor. While sucking her clit rapidly in and out of my mouth I brought my left hand around and shoving two fingers inside began pumping them in and out in time with my sucking.
"Oh, oh yeah baby!" Tori moaned. "Oh suck that pussy, you show these guys what a man you are!"
"Damn straight he's a man," A woman remarked sounding as if she were right behind me. "Look at that fucking back and those arms, goddamn!"
"Shit man, he is going at it!" A guy said from somewhere to the left.
Whereas before I was trying to ignore the crowd I now found myself eating it up. I was on my knees butt ass naked licking the pussy of a woman I didn't even know, a woman who five minutes ago had sucked me off, and was loving every minute of it. As a matter of fact as I continued to work Tori's pussy with my tongue and fingers all I could think of was getting her off so I could fuck her.
If the long drawn out moans coming from Tori were any indication I wasn't going to have to wait much longer. In addition to sucking on her clit even harder and pumping my fingers faster, I took my right hand and, placing my finger at the tip of Tori's asshole, I hesitated. I really didn't know her and wasn't sure if I should or not. A second later Tori gave me the green light moaning;
"Yeah baby shove it up there, you know you want to, you...Ohhhh!"
Tori moaned loudly as I plunged my finger into her tight ass and then started gasping, letting out sharp little yips that sounded like hiccups, her thighs began to tremble and I knew it wouldn't be long now. The crowd knew it as well as first one or two, then several women began chanting;
"Cum! Cum! Cum!"
Tori gave them what they wanted and in style; as throwing her head back she let loose with a loud high-pitched wail of pleasure. Tori let her legs go and, as she wrapped her thighs around my head, she reached down and grabbed my hair, completely burying my face in her soaking wet pussy. As Tori wildly bucked her hips and moaned I continued to suck on her clit. Suddenly Tori arched her back and, as her thighs spasmed around my face, she cried out and her pussy gushed into my face. I pulled my head back and, as I did, she convulsed again sending out a spray of her sticky juices that splattered in my face.
"Damn!" I exclaimed wiping at my face. I had never seen anything like it, my entire face was coated.
Several people laughed and Mitch yelled out;
"Oh by the way Mark, Tori's a squirter!"
"Sorry baby," Tori gasped out propping herself up on her elbows to look at me. "Guess one good load deserves another huh? I... Oh shit!!!"
Tori cried out as, leaping to my feet, I grabbed her ankles and, spreading her legs, plowed my huge cock straight into her dripping pussy.
"Oh fuck!" Tori squealed as, shifting my grip from her ankles, I grabbed the heels of her shoes and extending my arms all the way out, spread her legs to where she was all but doing a split.
"Goddamn that's hot!!" A woman called out behind me.
"I told you mother fuckers you'd be paying!" Mitch laughed.
I drove my cock in to the hilt then slowly slid the entire length out and just as slowly eased it back in. I was teasing the shit out of myself, but was enjoying the look of absolute ecstasy on Tori's face as my massive cock completely filled her hot wet pussy.
"Oh damn that's fucking big," She moaned. "Oh fuck baby, you got a nice cock. You... ohhh fuck yeah!!"
I had teased enough. Rearing back I began to fuck the shit out of Tori as hard and fast as I could. Tori had her head back and was yelping with every thrust of my huge dick and the crowd was loving it several women started calling out;
"Harder! Harder! Harder!"
Tori's pussy was so wet that every time I drove my cock in I could hear a wet squishing sound and I could feel my thighs getting wet as I continued to stuff her with my huge cock. I looked down and smiled at the sight before me; Tori's head was thrown back and she was moaning continuously, her eyes were closed and her mouth open as she gasped with every pump. Tori's huge tits were covered in sweat and sliding back and forth as I slammed the shit out of her.
"Oh, oh yeah Mark!" She cried out. "Oh baby fuck me harder!"
I was going as hard as I could but realized I could go deeper. Pulling my cock from her I stepped back and told her;
"Get on your knees."
That got a roar from the crowd and someone shouted.
"Yeah Mark you fucking tell her! Treat her like a fucking pig!"
Tori smiled and winked at me before rolling over onto her stomach and getting up on her hands and knees.
"The other way." I said point to the end of the table...
Tori did as I asked and, walking around the end of the table, I paused and, bending my legs, slightly leapt straight up onto the table. The crowd whistled but all I cared about was the sight of Tori's well shaped ass and sopping wet pussy pushed up in the air awaiting my cock. I didn't make it wait long as, dropping to my knees, I grabbed her hips and with one smooth thrust of my hips plunged my rock hard cock back into her steaming slit.
"Oh my fucking god!!" Tori screamed. "Oh that's fucking deep!! Oh Oh!"
"Damn," A guy called. "She's screaming like a fuckin' school girl!"
Holding her hips I started fucking her as hard as I could, to the point where her ass was slamming into me so hard we would both probably have bruises in the morning. Tori was squealing loudly with every thrust and several guys were now chanting;
"Fuck that bitch! Fuck that bitch!"
Tori and I were both covered in sweat and gasping for breath, but I had cum only a little while ago and just kept drilling her. As I continued to pound the shit out of her I couldn't help but look around the room, every set of eyes were on us. The women were all but drooling over me and of course the men were mostly looking at Tori, but when their eyes glanced my way they looked at me and I could see envy in their eyes. I really couldn't blame them; I had the looks of a model, the body of an athlete and the cock of a porn star, never mind an above average mind that was going to make me the best lawyer in the state. I was the true alpha, the best of the best.
"Every woman wants us, every man wants to be us."
A movement brought me back from that thought and I saw a woman come up to Tori and hold out a bottle of Jim Beam. I slowed up fucking her as Tori held her head up and the woman poured shot of it into her mouth. When she was done the woman came around and passed me the bottle. As I continued to pound Tori I lifted the bottle and, throwing my head back, poured a double shot of the liquor into my mouth.
Handing the bottle back, I reached down and, grabbing Tori's wrists, pulled her hands back behind her and, holding onto to them, began fucking her even faster and harder than I had been.
"Oh fuck!!!!" Tori screamed out.
"You're making me proud pretty boy!" Mitch yelled. "Look at you take that bitch!!"
"Holy shit he's nailing her!!" Someone else yelled.
I was absolutely hammering away at this point, using all the strength in my hips and lower back. Tori was letting out one long continuous wail and I could feel my legs start to tremble as I was finally getting close to cumming. I let Tori's wrists go and, as she put her hands back out in front of her, I went back to my knees and, leaning forward, placed my hands on her back pushing her back down and her ass further up. I reared back and gave her several more, even harder pumps that had her all but wailing, I gasped and once again the chant went out;
"Cum! Cum! Cum!"
"Oh cum baby!!" Tori yelled. "Oh please cum!!"
Tori's begging sent me over the edge and, after a couple of more savage pumps, I pulled my cock out and was planning to spray her back, but as soon as I had pulled out Tori started to move. I grabbed my cock and squeezed it, holding myself back. Tori rolled over onto her back and, holding her tits up, said;
"Go ahead baby, all over me!"
I let go of my cock and a huge spurt of cum shot out and hit Tori's right tit, covering her nipple and splattering across her chest. Leaning over her I continued to jerk my cock, sending several more squirts of cum across her tit's and stomach. Finished, I leaned back on my knees and, resting my hands on my thighs, sat there with my head down panting. Tori was panting as well, lying on her back on the table, one of her long legs draped over my right thigh.
The crowd was whooping it up, but I wasn't really paying attention to them. A woman came over and handed Tori a towel from the bar and, after taking a minute to wipe my cum from her tits and stomach, she sat up and kissed me.
"Jesus kid." She told me. "You are something."
I smiled tiredly at her but, before I could answer, I heard Mitch call out;
"Hey come on people let's not be cheap huh?"
As I looked up several people threw bills at us that landed on the pool table, mostly tens but I saw a couple of twenties.
"Now," Mitch was saying. "Anyone who bet against Mark pay up!"
I grunted and shook my head as it seemed like most of the crowd lined up to hand Mitch money.
"That's okay hon," Tori said. "My money was on you." She then laughed;
"Well on me really, I mean I figured I could get you going, but you did pretty good on your own."
I glanced at the clock and, seeing it was only ten, looked back at Tori who was stretching her arms over her head. I watched her gorgeous tits lift up as she did and realized I could still smell and taste her pussy on my face.
"Hey Tori,"
"Yeah baby?" She asked.
"I live upstairs; you maybe wanna have a private show later?"
She shrugged.
"I don't know, my boyfriend might get mad."
"Boyfriend?" I asked.
"Yup," She pointed to my left. "He's right over there."
I turned to see a tall thin guy with a long pony tail and arms that were covered from wrist to shoulder with tattoos.
"Hey Reggie honey!" Tori called and waved at him.
Reggie nodded at her, then looked at me and also gave me a slight nod.
"Damn, that's fucked up."
"Hey Reggie," Tori called out. "You care if I spend the night with Mark?"
"Never mind," I began. "I..."
"Tell you what," Reggie said. "If Mitch lets me slide on the hundred I bet against him. I'll let you go."
Before I could say anything Mitch yelled over.
"Hey that's fine with me. Pretty boy here deserves a reward after that."
Tori smiled at me.
"Guess I'm all yours."
The sound of the phone ringing, startled me out of a deep sleep. I sat up quickly and then moaned;
"Oh shit!"
My head was pounding like there was no tomorrow and I could barely keep my eyes open. As the phone rang a second time I squinted at the clock and saw that it was almost three am.
"Damn baby, who the hell calls this late?" Tori asked from where she was lying next to me.
I glanced over at her and shrugged. I closed my eyes trying to recall the rest of the night. After we had put on our little show we had gotten dressed and hung out at the bar drinking like frat boys. The entire thing seemed crazy, guys were coming up to me and clapping me on the back like I had just hit a home run, and the women were telling Tori how lucky she was that she had drawn the short straw to fuck me. We had come up here, where we had fucked like animals until we all but passed out.
The phone rang again.
"You gonna get it?" She asked.
I groaned and getting up, stumbled to grab the phone that was just outside the bedroom door. As I was just getting to it I wondered if it was my sister.
"Yeah?" I croaked my voice hoarse
"Hey kid!!" Someone yelled through the phone making me wince.
"Who the fuck is this?"
"Hey Mark it's Max!"
Max. I became instantly awake and after clearing my throat said.
"It's fucking three in the morning Max."
"Yeah I know, hey kid you sound like shit."
"Because it's three Max." I repeated.
"Yeah sorry, but I tried to call you a few times tonight and didn't want to leave a message."
"Could have called tomorrow Max."
"I guess, but hey kid you weren't kidding that was some damn good smack!"
"I told you." I said feeling a growing sense of anticipation building in me.
"Yeah well I got about three hundred, when can we hook up?"
I took a deep breath before answering. This was it the point of no return.
"Come on Mark reel him in."
"My guy usually comes around nine on Sunday so why don't you come by my place around ten?"
"Sounds good kid. Where you live?"
"You hear of Mitch's on Branch ave?"
"Um, that's near the Zayre's right?
"Yup."
"Yeah I know it; I heard it's a pit."
"Thanks Max." I told him. "I live upstairs from it."
"Oh, well hey, don't I feel like an asshole."
Max giggled after he said it. In a sick way it sounded like the one my sister made when she was flying high.
"No worries Max, I'll still take your money."
"Okay so ten at Mitch's."
"Yeah beep when you're outside."
"Great kid, see you then."
I hung up the phone and felt my heart racing. I was really going to do it. Turning I walked slowly back into the bedroom and, as I got onto the bed, looked at Tori, who had gone back to sleep. She was lying on her back and the sheet had slid down, leaving her right tit exposed. Despite how tired I was, I was just as excited about Max and I felt my cock begin to stir. Leaning over I started sucking on her nipple.
"Huh?" Tori moaned opening her eyes. "Jesus baby you can't want it again."
"I do." I told her grinning.
"Damn Mark we fucked like five times already and you want more?"
I yanked the sheet back and, rolling over on top of her, lowered myself down and shoved my cock inside of her still damp pussy.
"Ohh damn." She groaned as I started to fuck her. "You just help yourself don't you?"
I smiled down at her.
"I always take what I want."