Fair warning to readers new to this series: I don't bother with much in the way of recaps usually, and this story is no exception. You can certainly enjoy it on its own, but it will make a lot more sense (I think), if you were to start with Chapter 1. Regardless, as always, do not hold your breath for realism in my work. I aim to be plausibly ridiculous.
----------
A REPUTATION 5: LOCKED OUT
Post-threesome ice cream with my two, um, co-conspirators was fun, but a little weird. Having a casual, get-to-know-you chat over ice cream with two near strangers whose anatomy I now knew in extreme detail was slightly surreal. Jenna was a History major whose main academic goal outside her major was to never take another Math course in her life. Katie studied Journalism, but was becoming disenchanted with the field, and was tossing around a shift in majors to Television Production.
In short I had vanishingly little in common with the two of them, other than a mutual commitment to do this all again sometime soon...
It was odd, being a human merit badge.
I was not complaining.
*
Once I had extricated myself from the ice cream shop and my lovely new rumor fuel, I sauntered back toward my dorm. I still had homework, but I beginning to suspect a nap was in my future first. The sun felt good on my face as I ambled back, cutting across an open field that was likely going to be a new dorm, if the fund-raising campaign ever got organized. I got distracted by my internal review of the last few delirious hours and almost got run over when I drifted unaware through an Ultimate Frisbee game. A few angry shouts sent me into a quick sprint to clear the area.
Whew, that little sprint tired me out. Yeah, even after a triple scoop of ice cream, my energy levels were low. I needed that nap to digest and refuel. I hoped Mitch would be elsewhere, not waiting to pester me with supernaturally quick intelligence about my latest episode for the rumor mill.
He was blessedly absent from the room and I collapsed face down on my bed. The curtains the school provides are pathetic at blocking out light during the middle of the day, but I was asleep in moments anyway.
I awoke almost two hours later, clear-headed and energetically refreshed, but with cricks in my neck and back that I had to spend ten minutes stretching to work out.
Still no Mitch, which was a blessing but curious. It was almost dinner time, and my friend seldom missed a meal. I waited around for a bit, not feeling like texting to see where he was, and did some homework while I waited. Almost half an hour after we usually went to eat, there was still no Mitch. I shrugged and went down on my own.
I winced a little in anticipation of the reaction when I showed myself in the dining hall, having just a few hours ago done the Walk of Fame (sure as hell not Shame!) withtwogirls, heading out of the dorm. I was pleasantly surprised to find that while I got a lot of side-eye, most people in the dorm seemed content to let me have some space.
There were still giggles.
One table of dudes were trying to hide a general expression of what looked like awe. That was not injurious to my self-image...
After I finished eating, I really needed to get some more work done, so I headed out to the third-floor catwalk atop the dorm and did some reading. I did not really classify this as Studying On A Saturday Night, as the sun was still up, and most fun had yet to commence. It was deserted up there, and while the setting did put it into my mind to go see what Cassie was planning that evening, I decided against that.
After all, how much sex can one guy manage in a single day?
But I was tempted...
Anyway, I did manage to completely catch up in Industrial Design, and make a dent in my Circuits backlog. Since my Sunday plans included a Russian study session with Elaine, I had a good chance of actually being caught up in everything by the start of Monday classes.
With that happy thought, and the fading light, I grabbed my books and headed back down the stairs briskly toward my room to throw on a fresh shirt, brush my hair, and head out for the evening, looking for fun.
I was just about to card my way into my dorm room when I realized I was staring at Captain America, pointing at me in that Uncle Sam "I Want You" pose from his picture, which was on our door.
The signal was on our door.
The signal was on our door, and I was on the outside of it.
The question had not been, what had Mitch been up to, butwhohad Mitch been up to!
Right, fucking on, Mitch! And at only 7:30 in the evening! He had moved fast.
Only 7:30 in the evening. Looks like I was locked out with no prep, and an armful of textbooks, for the rest of the evening. It better be at least most of the evening. I was going to be very disappointed if my man was not good for a nice, long effort.
And if they made noise and found a crowd waiting for them in the hall when Mitch finally took down Captain America, all of them thinking it was me in there... Bwahahaha.
Meanwhile, however, I had an armload of criminally expensive textbooks to find something to do with. They weren't going to be stolen or anything, but I couldn't afford to lose them or have them damaged. As in, literally could not afford that. My bank account was in parlous condition as it was. I barely had enough money for my Coke habit--MyCoca-Colahabit.
The kitchen was closed now, and had been for more than an hour, but the dining area was never locked. It would be deserted and virtually no-one went in there this time of night, so I decided to just dump my books in a back corner in there and get them in the morning.
Surprisingly, the motion-sensitive lights were already on in there when I entered. At a table against one wall, a small group of my dorm-mates from the first floor were sitting and laughing. An open and a still sealed twelve-pack of beer sat on the floor. There were red solo cups in front of each, with another in the middle of the table. Quarters lay scattered about.
"Hey," I waved, pausing for but a moment. Then I moved to drop off my books as I had planned.
"Will, what are you up to?" asked Stu Edwards, from his seat at the table.
"I'm just stashing my books in here until later," I said, setting them down in the corner.
"Huh?" asked Tonya, one of the three girls at the table.
I looked up sheepishly. "Mitch is using the room..."
All five of them, three girls and two guys, just looked at me for a solid ten seconds, before Stu burst into laughter, followed by the rest of them. "Youare on the outside of the door tonight, huh?" he laughed.
If there is one thing I have learned about myself through all this, it is that I can own an embarrassing situation. I shrugged. "What can I say? Mitch is a machine."
I looked at their faces. Honestly a hang-out for an evening was exactly what I needed. "But while The Machine works, I'm at loose ends. Would you guys mind if I joined the game?"
"Sure," both Stu and one of the girls, I remembered her name was Tonya, said simultaneously. The other guy, Freddie Robinson, and one of the other girls, Yolanda, seemed less happy, but said nothing. I took what I could get.
"So we are playing Quarters?" I asked as I sat.
"Yeah, and you are behind," Freddie said, challengingly. He grabbed a fresh can of beer, cracked it and shoved it toward me. "Catch up," he added, challengingly.
I amiably picked up the can and lifted it to drink.
One gulp in and the others were chanting, "Chug!" I obliged. They had been playing for a while. If I wanted to join, I did have an obligation.
Note that they were not chanting, 'Drink!' Every college apparently has its own house rules for Quarters. I learned the game as having only a few serious requirements. Each player, in turn, tried to bounce the Quarter into the center cup. If they succeeded, they indicated another player who had to consume a slug of beer. The successful player got another turn to bounce the quarter in, and could keep going as long as they kept hitting the cup. When they missed, the turn rotated. Any player caught pointing their finger was also required to consume. And any player who used the word Drink, in any of its noun, verb, adjectival, gerundic, participle, or whatnot forms, had to consume triple.
I slammed the empty beer down on the table, and tried and failed to belch theatrically. There were good-natured cheers from all the other players, except Freddie.
It may shock you to hear that my recent Reputation was not making me a favorite of all people, especially many guys. Or... I guess... it may not shock you.
Apparently, Freddie was not among my fans. I had missed that fact before this point, but you live and learn.
I grabbed a chair and slid to a seat in the nearest gap, putting me next to Stu, and opposite Freddie, with Tonya to my left, Danielle Smith beyond her, and Yolanda on the other side of Stu.
Danielle reached over and grabbed a quarter lying on the table, handing it to me. "Stu just missed. Your turn."
"Hey, he just sat down!" Freddie objected. I would have objected too.
"He just slammed a whole beer without batting an eyelash," Tonya shot back. "He's earned his place in the rotation."
"It was a pretty impressive chug," Danielle added.
"Yeah, who knew Will had hidden talents," Tonya giggled. Yolanda giggled too.
I rolled my eyes. I had never had any illusions that my Reputation was not known to everyone at the table, but I wanted to act for an evening as if it wasn't the elephant in the room. I grabbed the quarter, lined it up carefully, and missed by six inches.
Shit. It had been a while. Apparently, I sucked at Quarters again, like I had early my freshman year.
The rest of the group was not much better. The first time around, Danielle got one hit, shooting her elbow out toward Yolanda, indicating that she had to consume, and Freddie got one in, immediately saying, "Suck it, Will." Other than that, this was not shaping up to be an epic night of consumption. Conversation was flowing again quickly after my arrival, and I found myself enjoying this accidental encounter immensely. It was good to just be another guy for the first time in a while.
Even the innuendo was pretty tame, for the most part, though Tonya made more effort than the others to feature me in any double-entendres.
After her third miss in a row, followed by a loud taunt by Stu, Yolanda looked at him and almost yelled, "I am going to get you so drunk by the..." Whether she cut herself off, or the rest of us gleefully yelling that she had said The Word did it, Yolanda's americano-colored face blanched. "Shit," she grumbled. We all counted gleefully as she poured and consumed three first-seam measures from her Solo cup.
"Got you," Tonya said gleefully. Apparently, Yolanda had been getting off lightly to this point. But Tonya punctuated her glee with a fist to the table, followed by a triumphant gesture...
Yolanda just smiled back and replied, "I believe you just pointed at me."
Things proceeded, and I started to get a feel for the bounciness of the table we were using. I sank a quarter. Looking around, I decided that since Freddie did not seem to like me, it must be because of thirst, so I invited him to consume. He did so with ill grace. I could not hit a second shot, and it was Tonya's turn. She sank her first bounce and immediately shot her elbow out at Freddie as well.
"Oh come on," he grumbled, but smiled and took another hearty swallow.
Danielle went next, and she too hit the cup. Freddie again. He didn't smile this time. She hit a second time, and since she couldn't choose someone twice in a row, she made Stu consume. He did so, loudly saying that it was about time, and he was thirsty.
Freddie missed right off, to much razzing.
Yolanda picked up a quarter, and looked at Stu. "Stu says he's thirsty, girls," she purred, batting her eyelashes at him. "What say we help him out?" With that little innuendo, she stared at him instead of the cup as she bounced her quarter.
Yolanda had not hit a shot all night, so going no-look was not going to make a difference.
And of course, she bounced the coin in so perfectly, the cup barely rattled. Everybody freaked, especially Yolanda. She was babbling with glee. Freddie cut her off with an impatient, "Who's your target then, Y?"
She giggled again, then leaned onto the table, cupping her chin in a hand and looked at Stu, batting her eyes again. Then she shot her elbow out to indicate Freddie had to drink.
"Oh for fuck's sake," Freddie shouted. He slammed back an over-sized pour, gathered himself, and stood up. "That's it. I've got to meet up with Davis later. I'm going to go find him now before you assholes make me too drunk to manage it."
"Oh wait, Freddie. We're sorry," Danielle said weakly as he not quite stormed out of the room. But neither she, nor anyone else moved any more assertively to dissuade him from leaving. When he was gone, his fellow first floor dwellers just looked at each other and shrugged. I was not really clued into the whole first floor social scene, it was somewhat separate from the rest of the house for whatever reason, but apparently Freddie was not its most popular resident... There was no awkward or regretful pause at his departure. Even Danielle seemed to have just been being polite.
The game progressed, and Stu and I gradually got the hang of the bounce. We then did what guys do, and started choosing the girls exclusively as our victims. When one of them hit, they always chose one of us, but we guys were hitting a lot more. We all were consuming our share though.
I hit, and chose Tonya. Then I hit, and chose Danielle. Then I hit a third time in a row, looked at Yolanda, then chose Tonya again with an evil grin.
"Oh come on! I just did!" she protested, looking just bit woozy. I was about to relent, when she said, "How about a kiss instead? Please?" She tried to look pleading at me, but her mouth broke out into a big grin, displaying her gleaming teeth, especially the oddly tilted front one that didn't stand in formation with the rest of her perfectly aligned chompers.
"What?" I asked, bemused.
"I really don't want to drink again so soon," she said soberly. Or, in an attempt at soberly.
I laughed. "I'd take you up on it, but I don't know if I could unilaterally change the rules."
"Oh for Chrissakes, Will. Just let her kiss you so we can move on and she doesn't throw up," Stu scoffed. No one else said anything.
I shrugged.
Tonya pushed up out of her seat, leaned over, then stopped. She looked at me, and blushed. She looked down at her cup on the table. Then she planted her lips on mine softly and gave me a gentle, chaste, and quite delightful, though short kiss. Then she shrieked in embarrassment and sat back down.
Given what my life had become recently, I found the whole moment to be remarkably enchanting.
Then I missed my next shot.
Tonya missed too, as did Danielle and Yolanda. Stu hit and chose Yolanda.
She reached for the cup, but paused as she stifled a burp. She looked at Stu. "Same deal?" She asked, quite shyly.
Stu looked stunned, actually. He hesitated, and I thought he might actually chicken out.
"Okay, new full-time rule for the evening," I interjected swiftly. "Anyone who is selected to consume may offer a kiss in place of doing so. If the person who just hit the cup agrees, they can avoid consuming."
"Ifthe person agrees?" Stu asked, momentarily distracted from Yolanda.
"I put that in so the next time I choose you, you won't try to offer to kissme," I scoffed.
We all laughed, but then Danielle sternly coughed and said, "Get on with it!"
Yolanda smiled, turned, and leaned over to kiss Stu. It looked like they both meant to make it a quick peck on the lips, but could not quite manage to stop it at that... When they did break it off, they both looked away from each other.
Stu hit again and instantly chose me. I looked at him quellingly, and he just smiled, "I just wanted to make we were on the same page."
I wanted to flip him off, but most people count that as pointing, so I just sipped my punishment.
When my turn came, I hit my first bounce and pumped my fist. "Inebriation time, Danielle," I crowed.
She just looked at me, clasped her hands and mockingly begged. "New rule? You aren't going to make me actually drink, are you?"
I smiled evilly. "I'll gladly take the kiss for getting the quarter in the cup, but I do believe you just said The Word."
"Shit!" wailed Danielle. "Four kisses then?" she asked hopefully.
"No way," Stu interjected. "A kiss might be okay for somebody you pointed at, but The Word is a major infraction. No kiss for that!" His laying down of the law was met with general approval. This was a drinking game, after all.
Yolanda leaned over and poured a triple pour of Budweiser into Danielle's cup.
Danielle looked at it glumly. Then she looked around, a sudden glint in her eye. "How about this instead?" she asked, and hiked up her shirt, letting her braless tits bounce into view.
That brought a fairly profound silence to the room. It continued as she worked her shirt back down into place.
Have I described Danielle Smith at all? No? She is strawberry blonde, with freckles and a button nose. She is average height, and carries about three whole extra pounds around her waist that barely matters visually with the way her hips flare so nicely. Oh. And she has Baby Bear tits, as in: They are, like Baby Bear's porridge temperature, chair size, and bed softness, Just Right.
I had been vaguely aware for a while that Danielle had probably not been wearing a bra, just as I was very aware that Yolanda was certainly not. Yolanda's dangling tits swept out under her knit Polo shirt like ski jumps in a shape only unencumbered tits of a certain size and flexibility make. Danielle's were of similar size, but much firmer. When she pulled her loose concert teeshirt back down, hiding those lovely pink nipples away, they now make considerable tents on the front of the fabric, one almost comically making Taylor Swift's silk-screened eye bug out.
"Another new rule: You may choose to flash the group as forfeit for saying The Word," Stu intoned solemnly.
"Danielle!" Yolanda exclaimed exasperatedly, but smacking the back of Stu's head for his contribution to what just happened.
"Seriously?" Tonya asked her, equally exasperatedly, but she hit me instead--just on general principles, I guess.
"What did I do?" I asked, bewildered.
"You looked."
I stared at her, open mouthed. Then I closed my mouth and shrugged. "Fair cop. But you did too," I grumbled.
I leaned forward to get my quarter to take my next turn. I held it in my finger tips, and just as I pretended to start to bounce it, I froze. Then I looked at Danielle, manfully managing to stare at her face and not at her now sadly re-concealed boobs. "I'm still waiting for my kiss... or for you to consume," I said slyly.
"Busted!" Tonya chortled.
I expected her to take the beer, just to spite me, but instead I got an even better kiss than from Tonya.
This game was looking up.
As the turns went on around, the quarter came to Yolanda. This time, she screwed up her face in concentration and hit the cup again!
"Woo, Yolanda! You are suddenly the Quarters Queen!" hooted Tonya.
Yolanda just grinned and shot her elbow out at Stu again.
He threw up his hands in mock horror. "Again?" He laughed. Then he looked at her, "So, I expect you want a kiss..."
Yolanda obviously very much did, but she turned her head haughtily away and said, "Whatever, it is the victims choice. You can kiss or you can drink."
We all got quiet, except for Stu, who just cleared his throat. It actually took Yolanda a second to grasp what she had said. "Oh shit," she gasped. For moment, she looked panicked, and ran her eyes to the cup in front of her. She even started to reach for it, then looked at Stu for a long, long second. Then she grimaced, turned to face him full on, and reached for her shirt tails.
She smoothly shoved the shirt upward, tugging her tits up as she pulled it past them, and they bounced free, jiggling wildly as they settled into view. Yolanda held the shirt tucked up under her armpits. Her eyes ignored the rest of us, fixating on Stu's face.
Those dusky tits were so hot. They dangled softly, but were so packed with flesh that they still protruded considerably. Their under curves were smooth and full, while their upper slopes were indeed softly inward-curving ski ramps. Her nipples were almost conical and swollen, and tilted upward slightly. Along with their accompanying large aureoles, they were dark, the darkest skin on her body, and made a big contrast to the comparatively pale expanse of her breasts.
Stu was speechless. The rest of us were quiet, but Stu was speechless.
Then Yolanda laughed off the moment. And then she added. "It is really your turn, Mister. Kiss or consume?"
She had not pulled her shirt back down.
Stu grinned, and almost lunged forward, halting himself with his face inches from her chest, then gulped and leaned in to clasp one of those proud nipples between his lips and kiss it loudly. Yolanda grinned in embarrassment, and finally shot a look at the other girls. Then she winced and giggled, pulling away from Stu and tugging her shirt down hurriedly. "Really, Stu? Tongue?" she asked in gleeful outrage.
Danielle and Tonya hooted again. I decided that Stu rated a high-five.
Yolanda actually made a second shot, which shocked the hell out of everybody. She looked at me, but flinched and indicated Tonya.
"Kiss!" giggled Tonya. Stu and I went to high-five again, but she immediately barked, "You assholes wish!" She grabbed her cup, poured herself too large a gulp, and downed it.
Yes, this game was looking way up...
And then the situation suddenly got very sticky.
As Stu missed his next try, Shawn suddenly leaned in the doorway and said, "Oh ho! Quarters! I'm in."
Our RA entered fully and took her place between me and Stu. Since she was heading toward me, my eyes could not follow her ass as she moved, and I had to 'settle' for examining her nicely shaped rack in her usual horizontal-striped blouse. She grabbed a chair and shoved herself in. I actually was not sure if I had ever been quite so physically close to her as I was at that moment...
But along with my momentary bemusement, we all managed to act incredibly guilty at her appearance. She seemed to miss that, though I got the impression that she was choosing to ignore our discomfort. At least, please God, she didn't seem to know what we were fully up to. "I know, I know. Catch me up," she said, extending a hand for a beer. Stu handed one to her wordlessly, and she slammed it easily. Then she put the empty can up in a graceful arch like a three-point shot, and it sailed neatly into the garbage can. Turning back with a smug expression, she reached forward and grabbed a quarter.
"May I?" she asked archly.
We all shrugged.
With no seeming effort of concentration, Shawn banked the quarter into the cup. She made no reaction, other than to tilt her elbow toward me.
Everyone else looked at me, as if horribly worried that I was going to let our RA know what kind of crazy house rules we had been making up.
As if I was going to do that!
The thought intrigued me mightily though, I must admit. But it would not have been appreciated by my fellow players. If I had thought for a moment that it would have been appreciated byShawn, I'd have done it anyway...
I sighed and poured myself a cup, downing it meekly.
Shawn then hit three more in a row, indicating each girl in turn around the table. By the time she got to Yolanda, there were howls of protest from all of us at her machine-like precision. She just grinned evilly at Stu, and sank another bounce.
He looked around at all the rest of us with a puckish expression, and I was actually worried that he was going to reveal the kiss rule. If he did, I was going to kill him, since I had passed on my own chance.
But Stu lives to this day, because he too was a coward, and he consumed his beer like a good little victim.
"Well," said Shawn briskly, "I just wanted to make sure you all understand how harsh a game this can be if you run up against someone who really knows what she is doing."
"You can say that again," I added. "Last night, at a frat party, a girl came on...upto me, and she had just lost super badly at Quarters. She was bombed."
"Oh ho! And what did Mister... you do about a drunk girl in your arms?" challenged Yolanda good-naturedly.
"I dragged her all over the party for half an hour, desperately searching for her friend that she came with, who mercifully tuned out to still be mostly sober," I said virtuously.
"Admirable," Shawn said. "Or did you just take them both home?" she added with an edge that didn't make me feel very good. If my Reputation was going to make people think I was not a good person, that was not good. If it made Shawn think less of me, that was very not good.
"I sent them on their way," I said virtuously. "The sober friend took her home to pour her into bed, and hopefully to not spend the evening holding her hair back over the porcelain bus." I, for obvious reasons, chose not to mention that they were also the two girls in my dorm room this afternoon. I was pretty certain everyone in the room knew there had been two girls. The spread of rumor within La Floridita was almost instantaneous by now. But these people most certainly did not need to know the connection between my story and my afternoon.
I got a few slightly skeptical looks at my professed virtue.
"Honestly! She was scary drunk. No one, especially a girl, should get that drunk in public or private, even with friends. She could have had a very bad night."
"Well, with that parable to aid my point, I will leave you to your hapless play," Shawn said airily. "Don't get too drunk!"
We all objected loudly that she had come in, made us all consume, then was bailing before we could get revenge, but she just turned in the doorway and smiled at us. "Don't push it, kiddies. I gave up my turn voluntarily, and I hadn't missed yet. I wasn't going to for a while..."
And she was gone.
We all watched her leave, never a bad sight. When she was gone, we all turned and looked at each other, wide-eyed.
"That... could have been bad," observed Danielle in a fearful voice. "Maybe we should be more circumspect."
"Aw, come on. You don't want to stop, do you?" Tonya objected.
"Yeah, I'm having fun," added Yolanda in a tone of voice that if it didn't warm Stu's heart, he was made of stone.
Danielle pushed back, however. "Yeah? And if she had walked in here thirty seconds earlier, Yolanda? How much fun would that have been?" She looked around. "How about if a group of people wandered in here mid-... kiss?"
None of us were especially excited at that thought.
"My room," Stu said quickly.
"Oh ho!" Tonya laughed challengingly.
"No! I've got our big table set up already for my roommate's and my gaming group tomorrow. I don't have chairs for everybody, but it's big enough for us all to stand around easily."
The idea of taking the Quarters game, this Quarters game in particular, to a private place seemed to suddenly give all the girls a little pause. Stu just shot a glance at me. I looked blandly back. But a second or two later, when Danielle, out of all of them, piped up, "That would solve the problem!" Tonya and Yolanda both smiled, almost in relief.
"Grab the beer, you guys," Tonya chirped and gathered up the cups.
I actually did not even know which room was Stu's, so I just followed everybody else.
This had the bonus opportunity for me to really check out all three girls' backsides, something I had never really had reason to do before. I knew them all, but as I said, the first floor crowd tended, with a few exceptions like Stu, to keep to themselves.
Yolanda's was backside bountiful. You could say she had 'junk in the trunk'... if you also called an art museum a junk shop. Her designer jeans were painted onto her bubbly curves.
Danielle's ass was shapely but understated, moving nicely beneath her loose slacks as she walked. It was nice, but not the kind of feature that would draw the eyes. Or maybe that was just because it was hard not to compare it to those top notch, Just Right titties, featured on her opposite side.
Mostly, I just watched Tonya though, as we walked. She wore a short, denim skirt that barely reached mid-thigh, and stretched tight across her buns, which swayed extravagantly as she walked. Honestly, the urge to grab that backside was the first really strong sexual impulse I'd felt the whole evening. As I said, I had wanted to just have a relaxing, regular, college student night.
Those desires had begun to evolve...
Stu waved the girls ahead of him into his dorm room. As I followed, I saw him tug his roommate's name tag off the door, and drop it inside on the nearest dresser.
"Signal?" I murmured to Stu.
"If he comes back, I want to make sure he know that this ain't his room for a while..." Stu shrugged. Then he locked the door quietly.
I moved to the table, positioning myself between Tonya and Danielle this time, but they both shoved me back into my original place. "Don't mess up the order of the game!" objected Danielle.
It had been worth a try.
"Yeah," Tonya added, sweeping her blonde ponytail back over her shoulder. "It's your turn, and I don't want to lose mine!"
I shrugged and bounced the quarter. Or I tried to. It weakly thumped against the side of the cup.
"Your table sucks for quarters, Stu," I observed in humiliation.
"We will all have to adjust," Tonya said patronizingly as she patted my shoulder. Then she sank a quarter on the first try. "You will just have to adjust more," she added with a smirk and her elbow in my direction. "
I started to immediately offer a kiss instead, but stopped. I sensed that all of us, myself included, were suddenly dealing with the situation we had gotten ourselves in, and were skittish. I meekly poured myself a measure and downed the now becoming alarmingly warm Budweiser.
"Got a fridge, dude?" I asked Stu, pointing at the still unopened second twelve-pack.
"Good idea," he replied. He stuck it in his dorm fridge, though he observed we would need it before it could chill too much.
Tonya hit again. She hadn't hit twice all night. She hesitated, then indicated Yolanda, who took her medicine. When it got to Stu, he hit, and made me consume. Then he hit again, and, after a pause, said simply, "Yolanda."
She looked at him, almost shyly for a moment, then shrugged and quietly asked, "Kiss?"
The other two girls were almost audibly relieved that someone else had 'cracked the seal' on the new house rules again. Stu just nodded almost spastically.
They kissed again, and... took their own sweet time about it. No one made a noise until they finally broke off. Danielle did the golf clap.
Tonya smirked and said almost sourly, "You two took your time, you should have to drink for Delay of Game."
"What should we do?" Yolanda asked in a sweet little voice.
"Shit!" Tonya shook her head irritably. Everyone stared at her. I for one let a good bit of challenge enter my expression. She hesitantly reached for the beer, then stopped. She looked at us all and grumbled, "Oh, all right, you pervs." With that, she unbuttoned her light pink blouse, revealing a slightly darker pink, lace bra, cupping a sweet, delicate pair of breasts that did not quite attain the size of our other two female players. She yanked the shirt open wide. It was a nice sight.
"You don't think you are getting away with just showing us your bra, do you?" Yolanda said drily.
Tonya shrugged sheepishly. Her bra fastened in front and she grabbed the clasp. She hesitated, as if about to chicken out, then popped it open and tucked the cups up under her armpits.
Well now.
Tonya's titties were not big, yes. But they were arrestingly beautiful. Proud teardrops, they sported tiny, delicate, and achingly erect nipples, surrounded by ruddy, round aureoles that wrinkled prettily in response to the way the skin was tugged by her straining nipples. And they were beautifully, gloriously tanned all over, as dark and golden as the rest of her.
"Wow, girl! Tanning bed much?" Danielle exclaimed.
"Maybe not..." Tonya replied slyly.
"You donotlay out topless!" Danielle challenged. Then she paused a beat. "Not on campus?!"
"Maybe..."
"Where?" Both Yolanda and Danielle asked breathlessly.
Tonya looked back and forth between Stu and I, who were both trying to be invisible. "The information is not for sharing in present company," she said disappointingly. With that, she furthered the disappointment by starting to button up her shirt.
"You didn't do up your bra," I observed softly.
Tonya looked at me. "I kind of think, given how much I have consumed so far, and how much more I will likely consume as the night goes on, I'm probably going to say drink again," she smirked. Our gleeful shouts clued her into her mistake, and grumbling, she started unbuttoning again. "I hadn't even gotten it all the way closed," she whined.
"You meant to say the word that time," I accused her, grinning.
Unfortunately, I found myself punctuation my words with an accusatory gesture. Tonya just looked at my extended finger archly.
"Fuck," I said exasperatedly. Tonya laughed at me and shouted, "Consume!"
But she hadn't started doing up her buttons again...
"Kiss?" I asked her weakly. Then I not so weakly looked down at those strikingly tan tits.
Tanya raised her head high, and said, "Sure," with challenge in her words.
Listen, I'd been answering challenges from girls with alarming regularity for a couple of weeks now. I was hardly going to back down from this! Even with all the extraneous company...
"Punishment sucks," I murmured in mock grief and leaned over toward her. She leaned back, pushing her chest forward, making sure there could be no doubt about where she expected me to kiss her.
I opened my lips slightly, and placed them as softly as I could over the nearest tiny, excruciatingly erect nipple. I just brushed them over her flesh on the first pass, but them locked them down and suckled hard. Then, because I have become reckless, I lifted a hand to cup the breast I was kissing, and squeezed gently, lifting the nipple even further toward me. There were several gasps, including from Tonya, who sounded quite pleased, however.
I finally let my tongue flick over her nipple inside my mouth just once, then released her and leaned back. "I've got to be more careful," I said the assembled table, deadpan.
Tonya snatched her blouse closed, and flushing, buttoned it up swiftly and wordlessly.
Stu hit the cup again, and said I deserved a tasty beverage for all my hard work. Asshole.
Once he missed, I went and hit. I shot out an elbow toward Danielle. "You just want a kiss," she accused me.
I demurred. "That's up to you," I said with an elaborate shrug.
Danielle sat there and stared at me. I knew she was going to go for the kiss option, but she wanted to make me wait. I granted her a look of anticipatory doubt. As soon as she saw that, she laughed and said, "Kiss, I guess. Or I'll start belching..." She leaned forward over the table toward me.
Tonya was between us and declined to step back, making Danielle and I both have to lean forward uncomfortably to get at each other, and my arm still brushed our blocking player.
Our lips met, and this kiss was soft, and warm, and almost chaste. We pulled away slowly, and I grinned. Then I shot out the arm that wasn't holding me up as I leant on the table, and grabbed the back of Danelle's head. I pulled her back in, against zero resistance, and our second kiss was deep, and fucking hot. Tongues went visiting. Hell, tongues went exploring... spelunking, even.
Shit, she could kiss.
I could feel Tonya's breath on the side of our faces as she hissed, "Christ, talk about delay of game!"
We ended the kiss, but I kept my hand in Danielle's blonde hair, our foreheads pressing together for an instant. "I'm glad you are leaving Yolanda alone," she whispered.
"Duh," I replied, too quietly to be overheard over the music Stu had put on when we entered. "How long have those two been going out?"
"About fifteen minutes," put it Tonya, who was still leaning in close. Both girls giggled, and we all straightened up.
"No plotting!" Yolanda called sternly. "This isn't a team game!"
Play went around the table another time or two. There was a kiss or two, but mostly, people chose to take the beer option. We were thirsty.
Then Stu hit for the first time in a while and in triumph called out. "Finally! Drink Yolanda!" He absolutely missed what he had said, but I for one did not.
"Ohhh Lucy! You got some 'splaining to do," I called out in my best Ricky Ricardo.
"Damn," Stu muttered. It was clear that he prided himself on not saying The Word. "Fine," he said after some internal recrimination, and hiked his shirt up and over his head, tucking it behind his neck.
"Oh, honey. That ain't going to do," Yolanda said evilly.
"Yeah, Stu. You haven't worn a thing other than a towel around your waist on your way to the showers since the year began," Danielle piled on. "Showing us your hairy nipples does not count as flashing."
"Really?" he whined, honestly a little surprised.
"Your choice," Tonya simply said. All three girls looked challengingly, and a little speculatively, at Stu.
He actually seemed a little panicked. "This, uh, might be the wrong time to do, um, that..."
Yolanda blushed, but then rallied. "Oh, poor Stu! Do you have a situation?"
"Yeah, five bucks says he's got a hard-on in there," Tonya chuckled, looking speculatively at the front of Stu's baggy, black cargo shorts.
Yep. Tent city.
"No more delay of game," Danielle added relentlessly. "You can always pay up the traditional way," she added, pouring an obscenely over-full pour into a cup.
"Fine," muttered Stu. He looked at me imploringly. "Are you going to look away?"
I stared back expressionlessly. "Me? No, I don't think so. You need to earn not consuming that half a keg's worth that Danielle just poured."
"Fine!" He grunted, yanking down his zipper and popping the snap. He grabbed the band of his underwear and yanked both down with a jerk.
Stu had nothing to be ashamed of. The cock that was suddenly waving around was thick, and easily as long as mine. It had a bit of sideways curve to it, but who was paying attention to that?
The girls. That who was paying attention to that. Closely. As for me, after my initial look to embarrass Stu, I kept my gaze on our prettier players, and their reactions. All three giggled, and acted shocked. But none looked away.
"Yep. That is indeed a hard-on," Yolanda observed.
"You are pointing at it," Danielle said softly.
Everybody froze. Yolanda stared at her finger in something akin to horror. Stu looked like he was going to faint.
Tonya had mercy on them and poured a shot for Yolanda, pushing it toward her.
Yolanda took a breath, and shoved the beer back away. "Kiss?" She asked Stu quietly.
I thought he was going to die. Die right there, right then. But he only gulped and nodded. He even puckered up and leaned forward, but everybody knew what Yolanda was about to do.
And she certainly leaned into it. She actually turned andknelt down on the floor. Then she looked up at Stu and held his gaze as she leaned forward and planted her lips on the head of his cock. She made a loud kissing noise, then another. Then she opened wide and slid her lips around his head and a good inch down his shaft!
Stu stared down at Yolanda, lost in her eyes. His face was a blend of mindless pleasure and incomprehension. Yolanda clasped his balls and the root of his cock in her hands and began to demonstrate a clear lack of shits to give about any delay of game complaints. Her mouth slid down over Stu's happy dick, then back up, then back down again. Stu did nothing but grip the edge of the table for dear life.
"Jesus," Tonya whispered.
"Are you sure they weren't already a couple?" I hissed, not quite able to look away from the live sex show we were suddenly being treated to.
"Yes. I've even teased Yolanda about him, over how they had been flirting. I swear that she didn't realize they had been," Danielle said quietly.
"His roommate told me that he kind of expected they might go out eventually..." Tonya added.
"Well, I think he might ask her out now," I snorted softly. None of us wanted to distract them.
"Fuck, Will," Danielle said softly. "Looks like they got caught in your sex field, or whatever it is."
I looked at her almost imploringly. "Come on."
Yolanda let Stu's cock out of her mouth, but not to stop. She was lashing its length with her extended tongue. She even licked his balls.
Tonya groaned. Then she turned to me and said sternly, "Say the word."
"Sure. Wait, what do you mean?" I asked her.
"Say The Word," she repeated.
I heard the capitals this time. I looked at her. She nodded. My eyes flicked to Danielle, who hesitated, then nodded equally firmly.
"Drink?" I said, a little hoarsely.
"Oh dear," Tonya said simply. She motioned toward that by now surely warm quadruple pour of beer on the table. "It's that, or..."
I sure as fuck was not drinking that huge room temperature beer. And I was now at a level of transcendent confidence that left me utterly certain that dropping trou would not result in a problem, and would likely result in one or more pretty awesome outcomes. I consulted my dick, which had had a workout today already, but it seemed quite ready for further exertions and was hard as steel. Both Tonya and Danielle seemed to be examining the tent it was making in my pants.
"I'll pass on the beer," I said, and tugged at my fly.
"Shirt first," breathed Danielle. I looked at her quizzically. "Because why not? You have a problem with it?" she asked matter-of-factly.
I tugged off my shirt. Then I opened my fly and dropped both pants and underwear to the floor.
Both girls stared at me. I saw first one, then the other flick their gaze to Stu's equipment, which was in the process of being sucked back into Yolanda's mouth, possibly even deeper than before. But their gaze both returned to me, and happily so.
Look, my cock is sturdy, not small, and straight as a ruler. Often stiffer than one, too. But I blame/credit the reality distortion field of my crazy Reputation for how girls suddenly seem to think it is all that and a bag of chips.
I am not complaining. Not one fucking bit. But I am honest enough to know the truth. I've got a perfectly nice cock, not the world-beater that I see reflected in some girls' eyes.
Tonya and Danielle looked at each other, giggling softly. None of us wanted to in anyway break the spell that Stu and Yolanda were under. We would not pop their bubble if we could help it.
But I was no longer going to hide the fact that I was absolutely drinking in these two hot girls. My eyes roved openly over them both. And I waited. Again, I'm confident, okay? I knew I could simply stand there at this point.
"Say The Word," Danielle said to Tonya.
Tonya paused, then grinned, "What word?"
Danielle paused in turn, taken aback. Then she grinned. "Drink."
Tonya just gestured, open handed, without pointing. Danielle just tugged her shirt back up and this time, she pulled it off completely. Yep, those tits were Just Right.
"Oh,thatword," Tonya said. "Okay, drink." She turned to look at me and smiled.
"Oh dear," I said. "Want that skunky beer?"
Tonya wrinkled her nose and was already unbuttoning her blouse once more before she turned down the beverage. With the last button undone, she shrugged it and her never refastened bra off her shoulders, dropping both to the floor.
I stared happily at her tanned marvels, then let my gaze shift again to Just Right. My cock quivered visibly in delight.
Then I looked at them both sternly. "Say it again," I said with no command in my tone, just the authority that comes from absolute confidence that they would comply.
And they did. They even looked at each other to allow them to say, in perfect unison, "Drink."
I smiled happily and waved a hand genially in their direction.
Tonya's skirt unzipped in the back and she turned away to let it slide to the floor. God bless the girl, she wore a thong underneath, which framed her tight masterpiece of a backside in excruciatingly sexy fashion.
Somehow, my gaze was dragged away as Danielle unzipped her slacks and let them slide to the ground. She wore full panties, but they were of a soft, white lace that let me know that when they too departed their lovely host, I would see damned little, if any pubic hair.
The girls looked at each other, and slid their underwear off their hips and down in unison once again. Tonya kept facing away from me as she did so. She clearly knew that of all her myriad charms, her ass was the killer application. It flexed magnificently as she bent to step free of the thong. At last, she turned back to face me, and the two of them grinned at me, side-by-side, but keeping their distance from one another.
I'll admit it. I bit a knuckle to keep from jumping up and down like a kid about to meet Santa.
Both of them caught my move and smiled at me.
"I don't know, Danielle, but that looks like he is pointing at us," Tonya said, idly gesturing (but not pointing) below my waist.
"Oops?" I said, as if caught. "I guess I need to kiss both off you, since I'm pointing at both," I mused. "Who's first?" I growled slyly.
"I caught him," Tonya said firmly to Danielle, then turned and puckered up toward me. Danielle deferred happily.
Yeah, no. Kissing her would be nice, but I was not going to do that right now. I took the one step to close the distance between me and Tonya, and grasped her upper arms gently. Then I steered her slowly backward toward whomever was Stu's roommate's bed, behind her. When the back of her legs hit the edge of the mattress, I pushed her softly back and down, leaning toward her face. She cooed softly and sank backward compliantly. As she sat on the edge, I bent, but went past her pretty face and settled to my knees. Then I leaned down and kissed the inside of her left knee instead.
I started kissing, nibbling and licking my way upward along the soft, trembling flesh of her inner thigh, and I heard Tonya breathe, "Ohhhhh, fuck."
I looked up at her and smiled. "Patience. Patience," I said with a smirk, and went back to moving up toward her delightfully shaven pussy, slowing down as I went.
"Fuck, I should have argued about who goes first," Danielle murmured.
I lifted my head again, this time toward Danielle. "Patience. Patience," I almost giggled.
Okay, I tried to slow down as I went, but I found that as hard to endure as I hoped it was for Tonya. I just tilted my head and licked wetly right up the rest of the way. My cheek and nose rubbed against her sex and it left a streak of wetness against my face.
I inhaled deeply as my lips found her pussy and I tasted her. It was a sensory wonderland, including the incredible sigh of pleasure I heard from her as my tongue began to caress her slit, pressing harder with each stroke. Her initial sigh rolled into a series of coos and murmurs as I worked.
I reached up and caressed her opening as I let my tongue seek out and flick across her clit. Tonya hissed and arched her back. "Fuck, Danielle! It's like he knows what he is doing," she moaned. I just smiled against her softness and let a finger slide inside her gently. She bucked again at the invasion and writhed her hips. I just worked a second finger inside her, never letting up on her clit. I sensed that she was going to come swiftly. I was more than okay with that, I had a lot on my plate to get to...
Then I felt a hand begin to caress my bare ass. Danielle had apparently grown impatient and knelt down behind and beside me. Her fingers massaged my glute, groping me hard.
I lifted my head and looked back at her. She smiled at me, and I shot a glance back at Tonya's wide-spread legs. "Are you wanting to take a turn?" I offered generously.
Danielle laughed. "Not hardly."
My fingers were still inside Tonya, and I let my thumb strum her clit idly. "Are you sure? I don't mind sharing," I insisted with a rather sticky smile.
Danielle snorted again. "Tonya's my buddy. Do you and your buddy suck each others' cocks?"
Tonya's fingers suddenly delved into my hair and tugged, not so gently. "If you two don't mind putting aside your discussion about how not lesbian we are, how about we get back to the rampant heterosexuality?" she demanded of me urgently.
Who was I to argue?
I curled my fingers up inside her, wiggling them gently, and swiftly bent to kiss, then suck on her clit.
Yeah, she was getting close, and I worked even harder.
I felt Danielle's hand snake around from my ass and underneath me where I kneeled. Her fingers found my cock and began to caress it lightly, fingertips just touching me.
Suddenly, we all heard a loud gasp of triumphant release from Stu across the room. "Oh! Oh! Oh, God! Oh, God God God!"
While I was obviously unable to see anything, both Danielle and Tonya had apparently both been keeping an eye of the other occupants of the room. Danielle's hand suddenly grasped me and her hand gave my shaft a few quick jerks. Tonya just gasped at whatever she saw, "Wow!" Then she gasped again, wordlessly, in reaction to what I was doing to her, not what Yolanda was doing to Stu.
She was crying out now, and bouncing her hips up and down in time with waves of orgasmic release. I just licked her harder, until her fingers pulling my hair against her crotch began to force my head away instead. I came up for air, and rolled around to sit on the floor. That pulled my cock free from Danielle's hold, but I sensed that it would be back. I wanted to see what I had missed.
Stu's cock must have come free of Yolanda's lips before he came, because she still kneeled before him, massaging his shaft idly, but her scrumptious tits were absolutely painted in white, sticky jizz. I could even see a strand slowly dripping down from one of those conical nipples.
Stu had just leaned over, without moving his hips, to open a drawer in his desk and pull out a box of tissues. He pulled out several and started to gently wipe Yolanda's chest clean.
Yolanda just looked at the desk and asked gently, "What else do I see in that drawer?"
Stu flushed, then reached back in and drew out a large box of Durex. He slapped it down on the table. "In case anyone needs them," he gasped, still flushing with aftershocks of whatever titanic eruption had produced Yolanda's sticky chest.
Yolanda just pushed her thumb up the bottom of his softening shaft and throatily replied, "Oh, you are definitely going to need some, Honey."
Danielle and Tonya both endorsed the production of condoms in the room.
Now, I'll admit, I would have hoped for a chorus of, "No thanks. We are all on the Pill." But as disappointing things to hear go, "Condoms? Yes, please," from the women you are with is a remarkably easy cross to bear.
Danielle rose to her feet, and pulled me up to mine. We grinned at each other, and I drew her soft body against me. We kissed.
Then Danielle jerked back with a non-plussed expression on her face. I was confused for a moment, and it obviously showed on my face.
Danielle shook her head ruefully. "You remember our discussion about me and Tonya?" she asked, then turned to her friend in question. "There is a lot more of you on his face than I was prepared for," she chortled ruefully.
Tonya laughed. I started to, but then Yolanda and Stu laughed too. I turned to look at them. My snappy retort to them came very late, as I had to take a look at Yolanda's delicious tits, and the way Stu was pulling her pants down off that sweet, round ass. I snapped back to the matter at hand. "Don't you two have something better to do than laughing at us? You know, like each other?"
Stu just laughed again, but now naked Yolanda was more biddable, and she turned to plant her lips on his, shutting him up nicely.
I just sheepishly wiped my face with my forearm and the back of my hand.
"That was a pretty pathetic cleaning job," Danielle scoffed, "but I will muddle through." Her actions then imitated Yolanda's. She had to still be tasting Tonya, but she showed no signs of further objections.
Our arms were around each other, and Danielle's left hand stole down my back to cup and squeeze my ass. Even better, her right released my back entirely and stole around between us to grasp and gently hold my cock, pressed as it was between us.
I liked her style and slid one of my hands around to grasp one of those delightful tits. It felt as good at it looked, and I massaged it greedily, letting the erect nipple nestle in the join between my second and third fingers. My kiss intensified, Danielle's mouth almost vacuuming my tongue into it, and my free hand dropped to clasp her modest but firm ass. I stretched my arm lower, cupping the bottom, and letting my fingertips quest down and between her legs.
"Tiptoes," I heard Tonya say in a rapt whisper. Danielle complied, and I felt my fingers nestle further up between her legs, warmth and moisture tantalizingly close. I pulled my lips from hers and bent to kiss the breast that was unmolested by my hand. I took the sweetly pink nipple into my mouth and suckled gently.
It felt great in my mouth, as I flicked the hard nipple with my tongue, but the best part was that now my hand could reach all the way under her ass so that my fingers could rub her pussy and even slightly part her dripping lips. Danielle moaned as I slipped inside her. We held in that delicious tableau for a few moments.
Then Danielle's hand slipped from my ass and she snapped her fingers at Tonya. "Condom," she gasped.
"What?" Tonya exclaimed somewhat incredulously.
Danielle snapped her fingers again, and gasped, "Condom...Please!" she added almost beggingly.
I grinned around that sweet, pert, bouncy boob in my mouth, but did not let it go to comment. I was a little curious about how Tonya would react, and a lot interested in actually obtaining a condom. Danielle's hand was getting a bit urgent as she massaged my cock.
"Oh, all right," Tonya said in a mock churlish tone. "But only because you two are so fucking hot, standing there like that." I sensed her getting up and moving to the table. There was a rustle of cardboard and mylar.
"Can we have one too?" I heard Stu, his voice sounding as if he had just pulled his mouth free of... something wonderful.
"Sure!" Tonya chirped. She didn't object tohisrequest, but hey, these were Stu's condoms after all. "Want me to put it on you?" she asked him slyly, clearly not meaning it... probably.
"Give," Yolanda growled, and I heard her catch the packet out of the air.
There was the noise of another condom being torn from the strip, and I felt Tonya approach me from behind. Her hand ran down my spine idly. "How about over here? Can I put it on?" She sounded a lot more serious about this offer.
"My. Turn." Danielle said firmly, taking the condom from Tonya. She sank back down to her heels, and my fingers sadly slipped from the warmth of her inside. Had she been on tiptoe this whole time? Wow.
"Bed," she then said to me, just as firmly.
She pushed me backward and I obligingly laid back on the mattress.
It occurred to me I did not know who Stu's roommate even was, so I had no idea whose bed I was about fuck Danielle on. I just hoped it wasn't Freddie.
On second thought, although we had been just slightly mean to him, the evidence was strong that Freddie was a douche. I'd love to get his bed good and sticky. But it probably was not Freddie, so I was hopefully going to owe at least a bottle of good vodka to the unknown roommate by the time I was done.
The view up from the bed was awesome, with two naked girls looking down at me, Danielle brandishing a bright red condom packet. She was looking at it and smiling. "Strawberry flavored! Kinky, Stu," she called over her shoulder.
"Don't order condoms while drunk," Stu called back. I had enough to look at, but his voice told me that Yolanda was doing something interesting at the moment.
"Well,Ithink flavored condoms can be the bomb," Danielle smiled down at me.
"Wow! You use a condom for oral?" Tonya asked almost conversationally.
"No," snorted Danielle as she opened the packet with her well-manicured fingertips.
"Then why...?"
Danielle just smirked at Tonya, then smiled broadly at me. Then she popped the red condom into her mouth. She looked first at Tonya, then me, her lips making a large O, filled with the cover. She made a sound that indicated the rubber did indeed taste good. Her eyes were full of a smile.
She knelt beside the bed swiftly and lifted my cock straight up, letting her fingers stroke my hardened length. Then she bent over and slid her mouth onto my head. I felt the tip of the condom nestle loosely over me. Then Danielle swiftly and smoothly pushed her mouth down and deep over me, her teeth smoothly and carefully unrolling the condom over me. The tip was nicely loose, but the rest fit quite snugly. The sensation of what she did was simultaneously erotic and impressive.
Smoothly, but with a gasp, Danielle straightened. Her fingers fitted it the rest of the way, but she had, in one movement, pushed the cover down over all but an inch of my length!
"Holy shit! That was so cool," Tonya exclaimed. I just gasped happily. "How did youdothat?" Tonya enthused.
Danielle chuckled smugly. "There's a trick to it, but it is not that hard."
"Believe me, it's hard," I put in, regaining enough functioning brain cells for a joke. Both girls laughed.
"Show me!" Tonya asked eagerly. Danielle hesitated a moment, then grinned and snapped her fingers again. Tonya stuck her tongue out in acknowledgement, but lunged to the box. Promisingly, she returned with several packets.
"What are you doing over there?" Stu asked in an annoyed and bewildered voice.
"Wasting your condoms," Danielle called back. "I'll get you more tomorrow."
"Yeah, but how are you wasting them?" Yolanda asked, sounding annoyed that Stu was talking to us instead of doing whatever he was supposed to be doing to her.
Tonya excitedly said, "Danielle put the condom on Will with no hands, using her mouth. She's going to show me how to do it!"
"What?" Yolanda asked, annoyance suddenly gone from her voice. I let myself look their way, and saw them both sitting up to look back with interest, only partly disentangling themselves from each other. Whew, even though the view included Stu's dick, it was a pretty awesome sight.
I looked away. Partly because I had equally awesome sights standing above and kneeling beside me, and partly because I was just a bit uncomfortable to find myself a demonstration apparatus.
"See," Danielle explained, "you unroll it just a little bit to make sure the tip is loose, then pop it in your mouth, making sure it will roll out the right way." She had actually raised her voice to Yolanda could hear! "...ike...isss," she said, once again showing the condom framed in her rounded mouth between lips and teeth. Then she shifted to a different position from her first attempt, and I flushed to realize that she had done so to show off for Yolanda... and Stu.
I found myself in an extraordinarily forgiving mood the next second as she bent once more, pressed the condom atop me, and slid her face and the unrolling condom down my length. I felt my cock push against the opening of her throat before she straightened again. If anything, she had pushed it even lower this time.
"Ta da!" Danielle said smugly, gesturing at my condom-covered manhood like it was a new refrigerator on The Price is Right. Then she leaned down and licked my shaft as she finished unrolling it. "The strawberry flavor is actually almost decent," she observed. Then she licked me again.
"Oh, you've got to let me try," exclaimed Tonya, reaching for another condom.
"Hey! We are not wasting any more right now," Danielle said, pushing her hand out against Tonya's naked belly. "It. Is. My. Turn." She paused a moment. "We'll give you several tries, later." Tonya had an indignant look on her face, but it dissolved into a grin.
From across the room, I heard Yolanda say happily, "Oh, you have vanilla flavored too!" Apparently, she was not waiting on Danielle for any further instruction.
For my part, I just leaned over and hauled Danielle up onto the bed with me. "You have me more than ready for your turn," I growled as she yelped happily at my sudden, assertive grasp. But then she pushed me back onto my back and hopped up astride me on her knees.
"My. Turn," she said again. With no further ado, she lifted my cock straight up with the fingers of both hands and shifted above me so that her sex pressed firmly against me. Her eyes bored into mine as she sank lower and I felt her spread out to encompass me. We both shuddered happily at the sensation of my cock pressing deeper inside her, reforming the contours clenching around its progress. When she at last had me fully encased inside her, we both held still, celebrating the sensation and letting our anticipation grow.
Danielle bit her lower lip suddenly, then slowly rose up. Her pussy felt reluctant to relinquish its grip on me as she rose, then suddenly was pushing back as she pressed herself down twice as fast as she had risen. I may have moaned right out loud. She quickly established that rhythm, slow rise, and swift fall back down, stabbing me back inside her. The initial, amazingly firm grasp on my cock, coming and going, soon morphed into a gentle but assertive clasp as she stroked me in and out smoothly.
My hands rose eagerly and I clutched almost desperately at those wonderful breasts. Danielle cooed and pressed her chest slightly forward and harder into my grasp.
As we rode together now, in an easy harmony that should last for a while, I felt Tonya sit just above me on the bed. I looked up at her (and her gorgeously tanned tits) as she ran her fingers through my hair.
"All right, Tonya," growled Danielle. "Remember... oohhhh.... It is my... ummmm, my turn," she warned, her rising passion evident in her speech. "Don't you go and... oh, wow! Pulse it like that again, Will! Don't you go... oh yesssss... distracting him too, mmmmm, much."
Tonya's eyes seemed glued to the sight of my cock disappearing and reappearing between Danielle's leg, but she smiled. "Okay! I won't distract himtoomuch!" Her eyes slid up my naked chest to my face, and she winked. Then she slid her hips off the bed and leaned down to kiss me.
"Okay, girlfriend," Danielle panted, temporarily increasing her pace, and the pressure she exerted around me. "Just don't get any ideas about climbing up on his face! It is My Turn."
I raised my hand. "Excuse me, but I'd like to put in here that I can seriously multi-task!"
Both of them laughed. Both them also hit me. Tonya shook her head at me, her grin displaying that out of alignment incisor that I was finding increasingly enchanting. "No, no, Will. Hoes before Bros. Will you settle for these?" She laughed, and slid her golden tits over my face. I eagerly lifted my head to nuzzle between them.
The sensation of Danielle fucking me so elegantly, and with slowly increasing fervor, while I ran my lips and tongue all over the surface of Tonya's chest was... While I was sure that I could have managed the whole multi-task, and still hoped to get the chance, I had to admit that this was pretty much taking up every available brain cell. Even the fairly loud moans from Yolanda, punctuated with regular gutturals from impacts of an obvious nature on the other side of the room barely penetrated my consciousness.
Suddenly, Danielle's elegant ride atop me changed. She paused, then was suddenly jacking herself up and down on my cock with ragged vigor. She was about to come. I was miles from that, but having her go temporarily blind atop me was okay with me. I suckled even harder on Tonya as I slipped my hands reluctantly from Danielle's Baby Bear tits and grabbed her hips, encouraging her to keep pumping.
Fuck, it felt amazing to have this girl almost uncontrollably spasming atop my shaft, frantically humping me, and gasping for some semblance of rationality that was clearly escaping her. She cried out in almost shock as a wave of pleasure ran through her. My cock felt absolutely amazing as this lovely creature rocked atop it, riding a wave of her own ecstasy. A last, loud cry of fulfillment rang out and she sagged over me. My hands held her hips in place, keeping my cock happily right where it was.
"Don't stop," I gasped almost desperately, then clamped down on Tonya's nipple again.
Danielle gasped, panting with exertion. "Oh fuck, that was good! But I should back off. A good friend would leave you still ready for Tonya, so she can get some too."
"Fuck me," I demanded quite entitledly. "She issogoing to get hers too."
"Really?" gasped an exhausted Danielle, skeptically.
"I..." I groaned, in no uncertain terms, "am more than up for you both."
"Oh ho, Danielle," Tonya chortled in amusement, though she seemed quite interested in this discussion. "Shower Guy thinks he has stamina, too."
Well, there it was. I knew they had to know I was Shower Guy, but it had been nice to pretend this evening was all about me, not my Reputation.
But since my reputation seemed to always get me more than what I wanted...
"Shower Guy," I growled, grasping Danielle's hips and thrusting my cock, already buried in her, upward, lifting our hips, "has a solid body of evidence telling him his floor is three, sometimes more. And that is without the buffet of pulchritude, I'm feasting on right now," I finished, adding some flattery to my boast. "I will give you both my best, and still be ready for you to share a blowjob afterward!" That last got a laugh. A speculative laugh.
Regardless, I started slamming up into Danielle, my hips slapping her thighs with each thrust. She really had not come down from her first wave and I could feel her responding quickly, as she gave up any noble, but misguided hesitancy. That was fine with me, and I felt no need to hold back.
I fully intended to fuck Tonya shortly after Danielle and I each got what we wanted and needed, and I saw no need to delay too much on that. After all, at some point, Stu might wise up and kick out the other people who were having sex in his room so he and Yolanda could have some privacy.
Honestly, from the noises that kept peeking through my admittedly focused concentration, the two of them didn't need much privacy...
Danielle knew what she wanted, and how to get it. I could feel her rock her hips above me until my cock was stroking into her just right, and she firmly grabbed my wrists and pulled my hands from her hips and placed them firmly back on her tits. As I keep saying, they were Just Right. They each completely filled my grasp, without any spill over. They were firm enough to hold their shape, but soft enough to happily maul. Their nipples pressed firmly into my palms. And they jiggled so damned satisfyingly with each impact of my thrusts up and into her.
My partner was now making a never-ending series of little mewling cries with each thrust. I was replying with my own breathless grunts. But Tonya was still leaning over me, and I lunged upward to plant a fresh kiss on one of those darkly tanned nipples. I had only a moment's fleeting pleasure, before Tonya leaned back and away, laughing, "You concentrate on your task at hand, Shower Guy!"
"Awwww," I whined with a grin, but then swiftly looked back at the girl I was fucking. Danielle's face was contorted now, a new wave of orgasm clearly cresting in her. The passion on her face went in my eyeballs and straight down through my fascinated body to my cock. My own pent-up body shuddered and I felt myself release. Spurt after spurt of cum jetted out of me to swell the balloon encasing my cock inside her. I kept desperately hammering into her, and the swelling of my dick and my desperate, jerking, final thrusts were what Danielle needed.
Her body writhed and she moaned loudly as she collapsed. Her hips sagged down onto mine and her torso flopped down on top of me, pressing my grasping hands between us. She still was shuddering in waves, and her hips bucked on my cock, rubbing her clit against its base to keep up her release. Her keening was a delicious reward for my ego, but I cut it off with a solid liplock, my tongue delving into her gasping mouth.
With a final titanic shudder, she collapsed bonelessly. I pulled my hands free from between us, and softly held her ass. She nuzzled the crook of my neck for a moment, then gasped and began to roll off of me. As she started pull off me, I grabbed her backside tightly, stopping her. Once she paused, I reached under and held the base of the condom, then let her slide off me without the cover slipping. I hadn't used condoms a lot, but an episode the summer after high school had made me paranoid about pulling out with a full one. That had been an anxious two weeks...
We both sat up almost groggily, and I slid the condom carefully free.
"Damn, Will," Tonya said, looking at the bulb of white in the end of the used rubber. "That is a lot!" I shrugged sheepishly and looked for Stu's trash can. I owed it to Stu's unidentified roommate to not put used rubbers in his, after all. Bad enough I had only just begun to defile his bed... There was already a discarded condom in the can, and I paused to marvel at the other bed, with Stu burying his face between Yolanda's dusky thighs, her head thrown back happily, tits waving at the ceiling.
But I turned and returned to Danielle and Tonya, where I immediately found myself sitting on the edge of the bed between them. My cock was temporarily flaccid--mostly flaccid. That was not going to last, though, as Tonya pulled my face to hers and we started to kiss. My hand almost instantly found its way to her breast. I experimentally tweaked the nipple, and she hissed happily. I pinched it again, just tiny bit harder, and she murmured, "Mmm hmm," against my lips.
This was going to be fun.
Then I felt another hand slide slowly across my opposite thigh, reaching my cock and rubbing it softly. My limp state was definitely not going to last long. I was twitching happily already.
"Girl, what are you up to? It is my turn," Tonya teased when she noticed Danielle's activity.
"I am just helping set the table," Danielle defended herself and her soft, but effective massage. "You two make out. I'll let you know when he is ready to go again!"
"Iwill let you know when I am ready to go again," I growled, trying to take back some semblance of control here. "I could go right now," I added, which wasn't actually an exaggeration. Danielle was quite effective. "But I'm having too much fun!"
With that, I bent my mouth to the crook of Tonya's neck and began to devour the sleek flesh of her elegant throat. My hand slid down her belly and began to delve teasingly between her legs. Tonya threw her head back happily, and murmured her approval. But I then felt her hand come over and push Danielle's off my cock. "My. Turn," she said again softly. Her grip encircled my girth and slid up and down easily.
Yeah, I was hard as a rock again.
"Your turn," I grinned, pushing Tonya backward.
But she pushed back. "Not yet, I still need my lesson from Danielle on that condom trick!"
"Goody!" Danielle said, and bounced up to grab several packets from the box on the table. Beyond, Stu and Tonya were fucking again already. Stu clearly had stamina and reserves of his own.
Danielle hopped back beside me on the bed and held out both hands in closed fists to Tonya. "Dealer's choice!" she giggled.
"Strawberry!" Tonya declared.
"Uh uh," Danielle shook her head. "Random choice!"
"Shit," Tonya said, far too put off by the luck of the draw for my eager tastes. She wavered her hand back and forth before pointing at one hand.
"Blueberry!" Danielle chortled.
"I'll take it," Tonya grumbled and carefully opened the packet.
"Okay, unroll it a little to make room for the cum," Danielle said happily, her breast pressing against my arm as she leaned over me. "Maybe a little more, you saw what he put out... yeah, like that. Now pop it in your mouth like an O. Other way around, so it will roll down outside. Yeah."
Tonya winked at me with the purple-blue condom in her pursed lips, then bent over and pressed her mouth down onto my cock. I grunted happily as she pressed downward. I felt the tight latex unroll down my length, but by bit, as Tonya bobbed on me.
"Try to make it one smooth movement," Danielle advised, but Tonya kept bobbing. She gurgled and inhaled through her nose audibly with each bit of downward progress. With my cock mostly encased, she gave up and gasped.
"Ta da!" she exclaimed, throwing one hand up in triumph, while the other unrolled the cover the rest of the way to my root.
"Nope. Careful," Danielle said quickly. "This is why you want to try for one smooth motion," she said, leaning over to run her finger tip along one side of my shaft. "You tore it."
Tonya looked down where she was pointing, and blanched, which was an impressive sight with her tanned skin. "Shit! Thanks, girl!" Danielle just held up her hand and they fist-bumped. I just nodded my own appreciation.
"Not a problem," Danielle laughed. "That just means you get to do it again!"
"Oh woe is me," Tonya moped insincerely. "Now just give me the fucking strawberry."
"Better get it right this time," Danielle warned. "The next one is vanilla."
With a shudder, Tonya repeated the process with the fresh, red rubber. She got it on, the process was amazing, but she could only get it about four inches down. I even enjoyed the way she rolled it the rest of the way with her fingertips. There was no tear.
I had had enough waiting. I also had had enough of passively being ridden cowgirl style.
I turned on Tonya suddenly, tickling her under her armpits and she immediately squealed with laughter. Bonus! She was seriously ticklish. As she struggled, she twisted around away from me. So, thus she chose our position.
I let her crawl away, but I followed behind her up onto the bed, leaving me perfectly positioned behind her tight, sweet buns as she lay on her knees. I grabbed her hips to prevent any further escape and pressed my shaft against the crease of her ass. Tonya halted her escape attempt and muttered, "Oh! Okay, this will do..."
Since I didn't need to hold her anymore, I dropped a hand between her legs and used two fingers to delicately spread her swollen and sodden labia. Tonya murmured and pushed her hips back toward me. I pulled back myself, and let my cock drop down to nestle between my fingers. I pushed forward to press it in the opening my fingers had made and released them. "Ready?" I whispered urgently.
Tonya just nodded spastically, and braced herself.
I smiled as I pressed forward, sinking deeply into her. I never pulled back a micron in my advance, just penetrating deeper into her in small, random amounts. At last, my belly settled gently against her fantastic cheeks. "Fuck, you feel amazing," I told her in a low voice. She only stretched her hands forward, pressing her face into the mattress.
I worked my cock around, fully inside her for a few moments, before pulling back and jamming myself into her once more. In two strokes, I was rocking away like a finely tuned piston, and Tonya was growling into the mattress. It felt good to be driving the bus this time, though Danielle's little pony ride had been amazing too. I would not have had that first round any other way, but I needed a change of methodology. Tonya seemed perfectly on board with my choice.
Her body received my attention eagerly, clenching around my questing rod as I drove into her. But my rhythm was almost thrown off by Danielle suddenly appearing beside me and tugging my head to the side, pressing my lips to her pink nipple. I could not keep up the power of my thrusts, leaning over like this, but I also did not want to let go of the hard nubbin I was sucking hard and deep into my mouth. I swiftly wrapped an arm around her bare waist and tugged her toward me over the bed.
That was so much better. This whole fucking one girl while suckling on the breasts of another situation just might grow on me...
I may have already come, but I had done very little aerobic exercise to get there, so I just settled into a strong, swift groove, questing inside Tonya for the best approach to make her moan the loudest. I found a pretty loud setting, and grooved it.
In only a few minutes, I felt her begin to groan seriously. I redoubled my efforts and soon her fist was pounding the mattress. I knew she was about to come.
So I jerked myself free of her and just softly squeezed her fantastic cheeks. She quivered mightily and lifted her head. "What are you fucking doing?" She cried out in near desperation.
"Making you wait," I laughed, a little cruelly. I'll admit, I was feeling fairly crazed at the moment. This was thefourthgirl I had fucked in less than twelve hours. I was drunk on sex... I was bombed, shnockered, blasted on sex. In the back of my mind, I was dimly aware that this sort of situation was neither sustainable, nor wise, but for this evening, I was going to keep on... drinking.
"Oh you bastard," Tonya glared back at me over her shoulder. "I was almost there," she whined.
"I know," I crooned enthusiastically. "And I chose not to let you get there yet. I'm not remotely done with you."
Tonya grinned at me for a moment, then yelped as I flipped her onto her back. I was instantly upon her, between her thighs, and pressed my dick back into her. We both growled in ecstasy as I once more delved deep inside her. Her legs immediately sprang up and wrapped themselves around the small of my back, ankles riding on my ass as I thrust. I bent and kissed her hard, tongue driving into her eagerly. My hands simply clutched her shoulders, holding her down on the mattress under my invasion.
The only problem with this new position, and I mean theonlyproblem, was that I had no way to spare any attention for Danielle. But I did get the satisfaction of hearing a quiet, "Oh my," from her as Tonya and I furiously coupled. Her hands clutched at my flexing back, and I felt her long fingernails dragging and digging in.
Swell. I was going to have a freshly scratched back...
Tonya's passion drove me harder and I pumped into her with a need I could not fully control. She moaned at the top of her lungs now, and I panted in reply. Somewhere in the dim recesses of my mind, I could hear answering grunts and sighs from across the room. Out of the corner of my eye, I sensed that Danielle might be giving it to herself with her fingers. I didn't blame her. I might have come just from standing there, given the waves of sexual energy bouncing off the walls.
Tonya's fingers dug in harder, to the point it actually hurt a little, and I felt her thrash beneath me. Waves of orgasm hit her and even if I had paused again, I doubt it would have stopped her this time. And I could certainly not have stopped, no matter how considerately cruel I wanted to be. My body was on autopilot, out of my conscious control as I slammed into her. Her cries of ecstasy beneath me only made the sudden drop of orgasm, leaving my guts behind, even steeper and more exhilarating.
I burst into her, the ejecting cum sending jolts of sensation through nerve pathways everywhere in my body. My sudden, powerful flow within her left Tonya crying out a final time. Her high-pitched shouts fading breathlessly into mewling pants of exhaustion. I sucked for air above her, desperately trying not to collapse my full weight upon her delicate body. Her legs simply flopped apart and slid from my back.
As oxygen returned to normal levels in my bloodstream, I sagged and rolled off Tonya. I forgot to secure the condom, but I was miraculously still hard enough for it to have remained secure. She sat up and gently pulled it free. Her legs wobbled as she moved to drop it in Stu's now rather condom-filled wastebasket. She flopped back to sit beside my exhausted form, and draped herself against me, forehead resting on my shoulder as she shivered.
Danielle plopped down on my other side and leaned against me too. We just sat there for a while. I finally looked up at Stu's side of the room. He and Yolanda were actually asleep, spooning and turned away from us, Stu's extremely hairy ass mooning us unconsciously.
It was pretty goddamned epic.
To be honest, the tag-team blowjob the girls delivered was an anti-climax after all that. I mean, it was awesome, but not in the same league of experiences. Especially since I kept trying to get them to lick me at the same time, and they both kept resolutely laughing quietly in my face... or onto my dick. As I said, it was awesome.
And across the room, my rather vocal appreciation of the situation seemed to wake the other two. Spooned as they were, I think they were fucking again before they even awoke fully.
Yolanda and I had simultaneous orgasms, which was... fairly odd, since we were all the way across the room from each other...
I don't think that Stu actually came that last time, which was probably for the best. I didn't see them employ another condom that last time. But Yolanda's obvious pleasure seemed to be enough for him at this point.
We all sort of sagged apart, and I just exhaled, "Jesus Fucking Christ on a stick..."
"You said it, boy," gasped Yolanda, struggling to sit up. "Jesus Christ!"
All Danielle said was, "Mmmm..." as she swallowed the portion of my final load that had landed in her mouth. The rest of said load was spattered over her chin, her throat, and her just right tits.
"He tastes that good?" Tonya asked quietly. Danielle just nodded, and wiped more cum from her chin into her mouth.
Tonya stared hard at Danielle, then said, as if asking for confirmation. "I'm going to give him this," she said. Danielle nodded again, almost seeming to hold her breath.
Then Tonya leaned over and licked all my jizz from one gorgeous breast, sucking it clean, even the nipple. Maybe especially the nipple.
I was entranced. But it was Stu who made the knuckle biting noise as he watched the sight from across the room. Yolanda shoved him, but she watched too.
"Fuck it, do the other one," Danielle groaned, and when Tonya complied, Stu made a little cheering noise. Or maybe it was Yolanda who did. I wasn't watching anything but Danielle's nipple in Tonya's mouth.
Yolanda (I was certain it was her this time) let out a long breath. We all looked over at her magnificent naked torso. "If I don't get out of here, I will fall asleep in this bed."
Stu hugged her and nuzzled her neck. "Would that be so bad?"
She nuzzled him back. "When we can arrange it properly, no," she said sweetly. They were going to make a great couple. "But Petey will want to go to bed sometime tonight, and I'm not lying here naked with him in the room. It's bad enough doing all this with the Shower Guy Olympics going on over there."
"Hey!" I objected, but Stu looked over and blanched at the absolute wreck the three of us had made of the bed.
"Shit! I better change those sheets before he sees!"
I suddenly blanched too, in realization. This was PeteyFergusson'sbed?!? That dude's biceps alone had their own gravitational field.
"Yeah, we got to break this up," Stu said, the spell broken. It was pretty much broken for all of us.
"I'll help you with the bed," I said to Stu.
"Nah, you guys get out of here," he said, brow furrowed. "If I don't want him to notice, I'll have to do it just right."
"We'll leave the other twelve-pack here as a peace offering, in case he notices anyway," Tonya offered.
We all agreed that was a good idea, since we all knew that Petey Fergusson was going to know that an orgy had defiled his bed without his participation. There was a general hasty re-dressing.
Then I looked at the door, and sighed. "Fuck," I said.
"What is it?" Danielle asked.
"My recent experience tells me that there will be a fucking crowd outside that door," I said, pointing at the door like it lead to Fate itself. Everybody else wanted to disagree, but with all the noise we had made, and the current habit of the dorm to gather outside of noisy rooms to see where Shower Guy had struck... Yeah, the douchebag patrol would be out there. The only departure from the norm would be that Stu was on the inside tonight, instead of being out there, making dirty jokes.
"I got this," Stu said, suddenly going to the door. "You guys get over there, out of sight." With that, he opened his door. The sound of applause, dying uncertainly as he stepped out, told me that I was right.
"What the fuck are you guys doing outside my room?" Stu asked grumpily.
Someone, I don't know who, said, "Sounded like a Shower Guy incident in there!"
"Leonard," Stu said dangerously, "if you think that I had Shower Guy over for a romp, I'm going to hit you." There was laughter. "I can't say where Will is right now, but if he is doing it again, we all are missing it. Beat it."
"Still, well done Stu. Sounded like an orgy in there."
Stu's voice went low and almost dangerous. "I have a friend over. The evening has gone well. I do not wish it to end with her being unnecessarily embarrassed by you toadstools and twatwaffles out here, all for no good goddamned reason. Beat it all of you. Shit!" With that curse, Stu re-entered the room and slammed the door.
We all gave him the golf clap.
"Give them five minutes to clear out, and you guys can get away," he said. "In the meantime, I'll take your help Will. You can strip Petey's bed."
----------
More delays with this chapter's release as well. I'm still working on the drafts of chapters nine and maybe ten, so please stay with me! The real world has been intruding on my writing of late. Thanks as always for your votes, favorites, and follows too, but mostly, please comment.