I was casually walking through the Covent Garden area of London, when the vibration of my cell phone alerted me to an incoming text message.
Taken my phone from my pocket the screen alerted me that it was from the very, very sexy Suzy. Suzy was the very sexy and flirtatious wife of Jim, a former colleague of mine and they were both in London that weekend.
I'd seen earlier that Suzy put a status on Facebook that they were in London and I sent a personal message inquiring if they wanted to meet for a drink.
The rumors back home were that Jim and Suzy were serious swingers. Jim was a normal looking guy and acted very normal, but Suzy was a blonde vixen with huge fake boobs who always dressed to show them off along with the highest heels to show off her very glamorous pins. They'd just returned from a long Holiday in the sun and were spending the weekend in London before heading back to Scotland on the Monday. The thought of Suzy all tanned and wearing something clinging and outrageous was a sight I was desperate to see.
Suzy had responded to my personal message with the following.
"We're in the Buckingham Gate, Zanders Bar. It's not very busy but the alcohol is fine! Pop along it would be great to see you!" The final part of her message included her mobile number and lots of kisses.
I flagged a black cab down and headed over to the location immediately. I sent a text from inside the cab telling Suzy I was on my way. The journey was fairly short, but it took you through some of London's most prominent historic landmarks.
As the cab pulled up outside the Hotel, I paid the cabbie, exited the cab and made my way through the revolving doors of Zanders Bar.
Entering the expansive bar, I immediately found Suzy sitting on a barstool with Jim by her side. Jim's arm was on the back of the stool as Suzy's long sexy legs draped over the front of the stool showing her tanned legs and tiny feminine feet. Her huge breasts were barely concealed by what appeared to be two wide straps of thin shiny black material. They had been joined by another guy drinking and it appeared that they'd all been drinking quite heavily.
Jim smiled as he shook my hand and introduced me to Steve.
Shaking Steve's hand I turned to see Suzy getting out of her bar stool with her arms high in the air awaiting a big hug from me. Her arms high above her head had made her mini dress ride up her thighs almost exposing her pussy. Her large breasts were thrusting forward as she smiled seductively.
Suzy flung her arms around me and squeezed my body close to hers. Her bra less huge breasts warmed my chest as her groin thrust into mine causing my cock to start to harden. She kissed my cheek, squeezing me tightly, and then kissed my ear blowing her warm breath into my ear as she whispered, "It's so good to see you!"
Her long talon like nails ran down my back as she stepped back toward her stool.
She climbed back on to her bar stool and manoeuvred into the chair very slowly and deliberately, her short black mini dress rode up her shiny tanned thighs, high enough to give me a glimpse of her shaved bare pussy. I could clearly make out her bald smooth slit; the view was so clear and precise.
She saw me look at her bare pussy as she slowly crossed her legs and smoothed the shiny black material with her French manicured fingers smoothly over her tanned soft thighs.
Smiling seductively she gently licked her lips and thrust her bra less breasts out so you could see the hard nipples straining at the thin black material of her mini dress. Holding her drink she brought the straw to her glossy lips and sucked the liquid gently through the cylinder.
Smiling she withdrew the straw and placed the drink on the bar counter as her ample breasts jiggled beneath the straining black material of her dress.
Suzy's thin black mini dress, which was basically two wide straps just barely covering her breasts, totally backless, tight and clinging at the waist and hips and just long enough to cover her pussy whilst standing, but thankfully failing miserably whilst seated.
She always wore the sexiest high heels and tonight was no exception.
She was wearing a cream high-heeled strappy sandal, which accentuated her toned tanned legs. She always looked good, but tonight she looked exceptional.
The tan and the alcohol definitely accentuated her confidence.
Jim and Steve it seemed were deep in conversation with their backs to us as they leant against the bar, so I took the bar stool next to Suzy.
She turned her back on the guys and struck up conversation with me.
I complimented her on her tan and said she looked particularly stunning tonight.
"I must have put at least four pounds on with this holiday" she laughed.
"Well if you have, keep them cause you look gorgeous"
She smiled leaning forward placing her hands on my thighs and kissed my cheek.
As she began to move back she whispered softly in my ear.
"Maybe if he fucked me more I wouldn't have put the weight on!" she teased with a flirtatious giggle.
Jim and Steve were in a deep conversation reminiscing of their past and Suzy took advantage of this by teasing me delightfully, running her long nails over the rim of her glass, crossing her legs and uncrossing them giving me deliberate delicious glimpses of her shaved slit. She edged her barstool closer to mine and placed her legs either side of mine as she opened her legs as wide as the stool would allow. Her dress tightened around the hem line as her shaved slit was revealed to my eyes only.
At this point Jim and Steve informed us they were going for a smoke outside, putting their drinks on the bar they walked outside for a cigarette.
I looked her in the eye, which if you saw her breasts would realise that this was some challenge and said.
"I see you've shaved your pussy!" I stated matter of factly.
"I always shave my pussy. It feels better and it's more hygienic!" she replied with just a hint of girlish giggle.
"Well sitting in the position you're in I can say it looks magnificent!"
"I'm so glad you approve!" she smiled.
I placed my hand on her bare smooth thigh, stroking her inner thigh softly.
"I love a shaved pussy; they look so sexy and they're so much better to lick! So are there any white bits from the holiday?" I asked daringly as my fingertips grazed her soft tanned flesh, moving slowly further up her thigh.
Suzy looked me in the eye, smiled and raised her dress up to her stomach.
Revealing her shaved smooth slit, she raised her parted legs as her pussylips puffed up and opened slightly, she giggled girlishly and said
"Aren't I naughty?" revealing the opening of her cunt to me.
A white strip of a line swept from the smooth white triangle of flesh framing her pussy, up and around her waist. She got up from the stool with the front of her dress above her waist still revealing her smooth bare pussy. Standing up she turned her back to me revealing that her dress was almost backless. Pulling it away from her ass, she pulled the dress above her waist and showed me a tiny triangle of white flesh above the crack of her ass.
Her buttocks were taut, smooth and toned, enhanced by the deep tan.
I was still sitting on my stool as she backed her taught buttocks toward my stool. I could feel her soft, warm, flesh nuzzling into my crotch, singling out my rock hard cock for some lavish attention. She leant back as her ass rubbed my cock; turning her head toward my face she smiled a very wicked sexy smile, as she breathed into my ear.
"I can feel your approval!"
My cock was rock hard from her wonderful teasing. I couldn't believe that she would do this in the bar and with her husband just a few feet away outside having a cigarette. She placed her hands on her own stool and arched her back as her buttocks separated, rubbing her ass and pussy on my denim clad cock. I placed my hand on her taut buttock and slowly moved my fingertips toward the soft smooth flesh of her hairless slit. She rocked back and forth on my fingertips and moved forward from my fingers as she let out a very sexy sigh.
She hitched herself on to her stool as she returned to her seat, ensuring I got a look at the shaved slit which I was sure was showing signs of moisture.
She crossed her legs and took a sip from her Bacardi, enjoying the teasing and my obvious sexual arousal. Placing her drink back on the bar, she opened her legs once more, either side of my own, looking into my eyes as she smiled seductively.
"So it was a thong bikini?" I enquired.
"No it was a full back bikini bottom, but I pulled it in!" she giggled
"So you were topless then?" I asked
She placed her right hand inside her dress and scooped her very large and firm, well tanned left breast out. She grabbed the hard fleshy nipple between her finger and thumb and tweaked the hard flesh.
It was a good job the bar was empty or I'm sure we would have got arrested.
"You've had a boob job recently" I blurted out.
"Yes I did. Have a feel, they feel so natural"
I placed my hand over her left breast and played with the fleshy orb. She scooped the other breast out and said
"Give them a kiss, they're my new friends" she giggled teasingly.
I leant forward and placed the fleshy nipple between my teeth and gently nibbled as the soft nipple became erect. Instinctively my hand went and rubbed her exposed bare pussy.
She lifted her ass off the stool, just enough to give me access to her hairless mound. Suzy opened her legs wider and slowly rode against my palm as one of my fingers slipped inside her very wet pussy. I could hear a soft moan coming from her throat as she leant in and slithered her tongue inside my ear.
"Oh my god that feels fucking awesome!" she whispered "Oh fuck! Yes, push it deeper!" she pleaded almost panting as her tongue flicked my ear.
Not one to disappoint a sexy lady, I pushed my finger deeper inside her and hooked my finger to her G spot. Quick little flicks of the soft fleshy area had Suzy squirming with delight. I rubbed my thumb on her enlarged clitoris as my finger squelched inside her. Suzy bit her lip to stifle her moans as she threw her head back rolling her eyes with sexual delight. She smiled at me as my finger caressed her inner pussy.
Breaking away she smiled and put her breasts back in her dress. I gave her smooth pussy one last rub and pulled my hand away just in time to hear Jim and Steve returning from their cigarette.
Suzy moved her ass to the very edge of her barstool and crossed her long tanned legs allowing me a brilliant view of her bare swollen pussylips in the process.
Jim smiled at me in a knowing way and ordered more drinks.
Jim returned with the drinks just as Steve said he needed to use the gents.
Jim said good idea I'll join you.
I looked at Suzy and smiled.
She giggled and said "We almost got caught there! Shall we continue?" As she moved to the edge of her stool, opening her legs wide revealing her smooth shaved pussy.
"Do you like my shaved pussy?" she asked with a sexy grin.
I licked the finger that had slipped inside her and said.
"I don't like it, I love it"
She smiled again, leaned back in her barstool and licked her lips slowly.
I stared at her eyes and indicated to her to open her legs wider.
She smiled again and slowly parted her legs. Her shaved pussy came more on display once more as she opened her legs even further, revealing more of her delicious shaved lips which were beginning to open revealing her pink wetness.
She was sitting on the barstool splaying her legs, baring her shaved mound with her husband only yards away and who could walk in at anytime.
Smiling, she gently squeezed her right breast with her right hand as her left hand ran her French manicured fingers over her slit. I grabbed her hand and licked the wet fingers. She moaned softly as my tongue slithered around her fingers. I then placed two of my fingers into her bald opening and hooked back to the front wall of her pussy. Holding the barstool with both of her hands she began to thrust at my fingers staring wildly into my eyes as she said.
"I want to feel you inside me tonight! I want your cock sliding into me!"
"What about Jim?" I quizzed
"It hasn't been bothering you too much up till now! Make me come now and I'll sort that out!" she panted
I thrust my fingers in forcefully as my thumb rubbed her exposed clitoris.
Biting her lip she thrust at my fingers as her eyes rolled back. Standing between her opened legs, I pushed my fingers hard up against her G spot. I could feel hot creamy liquid flowing onto my fingers as her breath quickened. She stifled her moans but it was unmistakable that she'd just orgasmed from the squelching sounds my fingers were making. This was so fucking horny feeling a friend's wife up in a public place as she orgasmed displaying her shaved pussy to me.
I removed my fingers from her pussy as she grabbed them and licked all the white creamy liquid off both fingers. The musky scent of sex was now filling the area and it would be obvious on her husband's return that something had gone on.
Suzy's nostrils flared, as she smelled the sex aroma.
She giggled and smiled and gave my crotch a pat as she raised her eyebrows in what I hope was appreciation.
Giving me one last look at her wonderful pussy she crossed her legs then took a sip from her drink.
"I can be very naughty sometimes!" Suzy giggled "Do you like when I'm naughty?" she continued.
"You're so naughty you need spanking!" I smiled
"Fuck yeah!" Suzy moaned "Spank me and fuck me from behind!"
"My cock will explode in a minute!" I groaned.
"Not until it's been inside me!" She giggled
Just at that point Jim and Steve were on their way back from the men's room.
Again Jim gave me a big smile but this time with a wink.
He announced to the company that he was having one more drink, and then would be heading to bed.
Suzy said that was a good idea but Steve said he had drank too much and would be leaving now for a taxi. He said his goodbyes and headed for the exit followed by Jim to ensure he got a taxi safely.
As they left the bar Suzy looked me in the eye and said
"I want you to fuck me tonight and in all of my holes but Jim will want to watch!"
"Fucking hell most of the bar and bar staff has been watching so one more won't make much difference!"
"I know I've been very naughty tonight, I'll need to be punished!"
She said this so sexily that I could feel pre cum seeping out of my cock, which was almost at bursting point.
"I don't think I'll last long the first time!" I stated.
"As long as you fuck me as much as you can. I want your spunk on my face or in my mouth so Jim sees and I'd like you to fuck me bareback!"
"OK but you must leave your shoes on!"
"No problem. If we have time, I may put a little outfit on later to spur you on!"
Jim walked back into the bar and blurted out.
"Come on let's get upstairs so you can fuck my wife and finish off that finger fuck you gave her earlier. She's already come once and she'll explode if she doesn't get some cock soon!"
It seemed that Jim had been paying attention from outside whilst I was getting intimate with his wife.
Suzy giggled as she climbed down from her barstool revealing her shaved pussy. She walked out of the bar with her shaved slit on full display. She gave a smile and blew a kiss to the two barmen and headed to the lift to take us up to the hotel room.
Jim and I followed obediently as she pressed the button to summon the lift.
As the lift door opened Suzy walked in first, placing her hands high on the facing wall of the elevator.
As she did this, her short dress rode up just above her pussy.
Opening her legs slightly as the elevator door closed she whispered.
"Finger my pussy and ass!"
She placed her right cheek on the mirrored wall of the elevator as she closed her eyes and flicked her tongue out slowly.
I looked at Jim and he nodded in approval.
I slid two fingers in her pussy and edged my thumb inside her tight puckered ass. She immediately began to ride the fingers and thumb.
Thrusting strongly on my digits, she panted softly and slowly, "Fuck me!"
As the lift arrived at their floor I didn't want to take my fingers out. Suzy leant back with my digits still inside her as she kissed me softly.
Her open mouth and soft lips brushing my own as her hot tongue slithered inside my mouth finding my own slippery tongue.
My other hand began to paw at her breasts, which she scooped out of her dress.
We left the elevator car kissing erotically all the way to their room.
Jim opened the door and we all spilled inside. Jim went and sat on the spacious sofa as Suzy and I continued exploring each other's mouths.
My fingers were now thrusting in out of Suzy's bald smooth pussy.
The noise of her gurgling pussy filled the room.
She was thrusting back violently at my probing fingers as her second orgasm began to arrive.
She grabbed my wrist and began to direct the proceedings as though my hand was a dildo.
Shaking wildly she began to orgasm quite loudly as she panted "Fuck me, fuck me!" continuously.
My cock was almost bursting.
As I looked over at Jim he was naked now putting a toweling dressing robe on, then returned to his seat and began masturbating while I sexually teased his wife to orgasm.
Suzy's orgasm lasted some time as she fucked my fingers to her satisfaction.
As her orgasm subsided she removed my fingers then took a couple of steps back. She unclipped the neck clasp of her black mini dress and let the garment fall to the floor.
Standing before me naked except for her cream high heels, I soaked in her tanned naked body framing her bald pussy, her full buxom bosom with her proud erect brown nipples and her curvy ass and tiny waist.
She was a total aphrodisiac standing before me and my cock had never been harder.
She walked over to me and undid my shirt buttons, removing my shirt as she kissed and nibbled my nipples.
Next she unbuckled my Jeans belt as she kissed me softly almost eating my lips.
Sliding the belt out of the buckle, she smiled at me then got down on her knees. She unzipped my jeans and slowly slid the waistband over my thighs.
My hard cock was still shrouded in my Calvin Klein briefs but my boner was more than evident.
She kissed my length over the material of my underwear.
She looked over at her husband and winked.
Jim blew her a kiss, and then she removed my cock from the underwear and slid the garments down my thighs.
As my cock jutted forward she placed her hands on my waist and began to give me a hands free blowjob.
Her tongue snaked around my engorged purple rim as she slowly slid her lips over the entire shaft.
When her lips arrived at my pubic bone I felt her tongue on the underside of my cock. I could feel her tongue stimulating my balls while my cock was still in her mouth. She removed my cock from her mouth looking up at me and said.
"I'm glad you're shaved, we can have some fun with baby oil!" then placed her mouth over my cock again
I kicked my shoes off and Suzy removed my socks and jeans.
Both naked now I tapped her head and indicated we move to the sofa beside Jim. Suzy got up off her knees and held my hand as we made our way over to the sofa.
I sat down on the sofa as Suzy straddled my thighs and guided my cock into her wet tight hole.
Suzy's fleshy bald pushy opened like a summer flower and the aroma of her sex filled my nostrils.
Her pussy was so wet a few droplets of her love juice dripped onto my awaiting erection.
I placed one hand on her breast and the other on her tight firm tanned buttocks. As my cock slid slowly into this dream of a tight bald pussy, Suzy slowly impaled herself on my rock hard cock.
As my cock went inside her balls deep, Suzy held my face with her hands and gave me the slowest most passionate tongue fueled kiss I have ever encountered.
With my cock inside her and my tongue deep in her throat we could not be more joined if I tried.
Suzy began to ride my cock, sliding up and down the length then gyrating a figure of eight with just my bell end inside her.
With each movement I could see my shaft covered by her delicious love juice.
Her breathing was deep and in sync with her movements.
She was a sensational fuck.
I felt Jim's finger enter her ass as she speeded up the movement.
I brought both hands to her breasts and began to roll her erect nipples between her fingers.
This sent Suzy wild. Her erect nipples were hyper sensitive.
She bucked wildly on my cock and her breath quickened.
Jim had now placed two fingers in her ass and was finger fucking her butt quite forcefully.
I could feel the pressure of Jim's fingers as Suzy fucked all insertions in a sexual way I'd never experienced.
Her mouth was still locked on mine, but now it was more open and I could feel her hot orgasmic breath with every moan she uttered.
Her mouth now removed from mine as she nuzzled into my neck and fucked me wildly. She began moaning loudly urging me to fuck her.
Her orgasm was loud and powerful. I could feel her pussy shuddering as her orgasm swept over her.
As her orgasm began to fade she moved her lips over mine and softly kissed me as she continued to ride my cock very slowly.
Jim had removed his fingers from her ass and was now positioning himself behind her to slide his cock into her puckered ring.
Suzy smiled at me then began to lick my lips and gently nibble my bottom lip as she continued to slowly gyrate on my cock as Jim slowly entered her ass.
She gave out a throaty moan as Jim's cock filled her asshole.
She gave me a deep kiss then winked at me as she said.
"Yeah that's it Jim give my ass your beautiful cock!"
Jim's thrusts were feverish and he held her breasts for purchase. Suzy winked at me as she said
"Oh Jim give me your length!"
Jim began to grunt then exclaimed that he was coming.
Suzy jumped up and took his cock in her mouth as Jim unloaded his seed deep in his wife's throat. Suzy swallowed the entire load.
They both stood up as Suzy went to the bathroom. The unmistakable sound of Mouthwash being gargled resonated around the Hotel suite.
Jim put his robe on as his cock shriveled and wilted and informed us that he was off to bed and that we should enjoy ourselves.
I was sitting on the sofa with a raging erection when Suzy entered the room again. The minty smell of mouthwash on her breath as she slowly and softly kissed me.
"Don't worry about Jim. He likes to be the first to fuck my ass, its an ownership thing I guess, now that he's gone we can resume right here or we can go into the other bedroom, it's got full length mirrors and later I'll put an outfit on and if you have a camera phone I'll let you have a few memory snaps but no faces!"
"Bend over the sofa and hold yourself open!"
Suzy did as she was instructed and bent over the sofa placing her hands on her tanned taut buttocks. Her Pussy lips opened slightly and her asshole puckered shining from its earlier fucking.
I stood behind her and eased my cock slowly inside her drenched pussy.
This pussy was unbelievably tight and clamped onto my invading cock.
Suzy arched her back as my cock slid in and out of her fantastic pussy. She leant up toward my head as she uncurled her tongue and flicked it over my lips. I smothered her mouth with mine, held her wonderful breasts and began fucking her vigorously.
Suzy came as she thrusted her hips on to my cock.
The surrealness of the situation hit me. I was fucking a friend's wife with his approval as he left us to enjoy each other.
I informed Suzy that I was almost ready to come.
"I want you to come on my face but I want you in my ass before you come!"
With that I took my cock out of her tight pussy and slid it gently into her unbelievably tight asshole. As my cock slid into her ass, Suzy began to moan and whisper me to fuck her ass, to take her ass.
I gently slapped her ass and for a bit of fun said
"Whose your daddy?"
Suzy rolled her hips with my cock in her ass and said
"Teach me. Fuck me and abuse me any way you want. I will do whatever you want!"
This surprised me as she was doing everything that I wanted and with her husband's blessings but this was a little different.
"I want you to come over to my place once a week and fuck me and wear whatever it is I want you to wear!"
"I'll do whatever you want! She replied.
"But Jim is not to know"
She paused for a few seconds then giggled
"OK. I'm so naughty!"
I smacked her butt cheek again and she began to ride my cock in her ass.
I told her I was about to come as she slid off my cock and positioned her face and mouth below my red raw cock end.
I jerked my cock to the final seconds of orgasm as my seed splashed over her cheek and into her open mouth.
She placed her lips over my spewing bell end and sucked the entire load to the back of her throat.
Her tongue flicked and slithered all over my orgasming cock as every last drop of cum slid down her willing throat. She looked the ultimate slut as she salivated all over my sensitive exploding cock.
She pushed me down onto the sofa, holding my thighs open as she cleaned my semi erect cock with her long snake like tongue. She then moved her tongue downward to lick and clean my shaved balls. She placed each testicle in her mouth as she salivated all over the spent sex organs. Pushing me all the way back she then slithered her tongue under my balls until she was now licking and circling my asshole. I felt her tongue enter my ring as she slurped away.
My cock got hard instantly. Suzy the perfect slut slithered her tongue in and out of my asshole as her right hand gently stroked my now solid cock.
Suzy manoeuvred herself from my ass as she continued licking my balls and finally flicking her tongue softly along my shaft as she expertly licked my erect cock.
She maintained eye contact with me as my cock slid into her mouth, stretching her lips as she sucked the bulbous head. Removing my cock from her mouth she smiled as raised herself up, straddling my erect cock; she slid the weapon inside her tight hairless pussy. She leant forward till her breasts were pressed on my chest as she opened her mouth placing it onto mine, and then kissed me passionately.
Our bodies entwined as she began riding my cock slowly, softly moaning with gentle thrusts. Her lips moved over my face and eventually ended at my right ear.
"I've waited years to fuck you," she whispered "I'll most definitely come round once a week to fuck you, I may even fuck a few of your friends!" she teased as she continued to ride my cock.
"But Jim is not to know!" I insisted.
Suzy smiled a wicked smile, the let out a very sexy girlish giggle as she nodded in agreement.
"Let's take this into the bedroom. I want to see your cock sliding in and out in the mirrors, plus the baby oil is in there!"