Sometime during our nap, my cock stiffened again, as it tends to do when I sleep. It never left my sister's mouth. Together, we stirred and slowly woke after receiving a couple of hours of much needed rest. As Sarah woke, I could feel her mouth start to work my cock again, her tongue swirling around the head. She coaxed precum out of me, and used her tongue to lick it all off. As she worked her way back into reality, I rubbed her tits, and toyed with her nipples. Finally, she let me slip from her mouth, and rolled onto her back, meeting my gaze.
"Mmmm...good morning again!" Sarah said. I only smiled at her, and ran my hand down to her pussy. She raised her knees up, and spread her legs for me. I dipped two fingers into her steamy slit, and pulled them out to suck the juices off of them.
"So how about that hike?" I asked her. "Are you ready?"
"Sure, but what am I going to wear? I mean, I'm sure you'd love for me to go just like this, but let's not get too crazy, right?"
"Yes, Sarah, I would love for you to go just as you are. I think we can find something for you to put on, but I don't want it to be much."
"Neither do I!" Sarah exclaimed, as she sat up to get ready. We stretched as we stood, shaking off the stiffness of sleep. As Sarah raised her arms to stretch, it lifted her tits and gave them perfect form. I reached out for one, and slid my hand from her chest to her nipple, only letting go after I had stretched her nipple out.
"Um...J? If we're going to go, you need to stop."
"I know, but your body drives me crazy," I said as I stepped closer to her, and bent to take her right nipple into my mouth.
"Ohhhhh... That feels amazing, but I want to get outside."
I let her tit drop from my mouth. We turned, and I put my arm around her naked waist, and together we made our way to my bedroom to find something for her to wear. I gave her a V-neck t-shirt and a pair of Lycra soccer shorts. If she bent over, I could clearly see her ample breasts all the way to her nipples. When she sat, I could see her bare pussy peeking out from the leg holes of the shorts. Perfect! She had a pair of flip-flops that she had left there from a previous visit, so all was good, and we were about ready to go. I dressed similarly, with another of those ripped up tanks, and a pair of soccer shorts, nothing beneath. The shorts did little to hide my boner that didn't want to give up as I took in the sexiness of the way my little sister was dressed. Both of us had wet spots in the fronts. Her pussy got extremely wet when she was horny, which turns out to be always, so her shorts were already getting wet. When she was in the right position, I could see the outline of her pussy. Fortunately, her shorts were blue, so I couldn't actually see her pussy through them. Mine were black, so the wetness wouldn't be too obvious for either of us, in the event that we meet anyone else.
We headed out to my Ford Edge, and headed for the lake together. It was a few miles away, and Sarah took the opportunity to stretch out and take in some sun. I opened the panoramic sunroof all the way, and let her soak it in. As we made our way through town, I admired her body, and how relaxed she looked lying there with her seat back a bit. I reached over, and played with her pussy through her shorts. She purred as I stroked her, and just let me play. Eventually, I slipped my hand under the elastic waistband of her shorts, and put my hand directly on her pussy. I struggled to get my fingers inside of her with the confines of her shorts, but I didn't give up. I played with her clit, scooping the wetness from her pussy to lubricate it, and stimulate her more. I could feel precum running down to my balls as my cock stood rigid, begging for attention.
Acknowledging my struggle, Sarah teased, "Do you want me to just take them off?"
"Ok," was all I could mutter in response.
I think she thought I was joking at first, but after a brief moment, she tugged her shorts off, and kicked them up under the dashboard. She resumed her previous position, but scooted as close as she could to give me better access to her over the console. She spread her legs wide, and allowed me to lean over and dip my fingers into her honey hole. I spread her juices up her body, catching the bottom of her shirt, and pushing it up over her sweet tits. My little sister looked incredibly sexy, laying there in my car with no pants on, and her shirt pushed up over her naked titties. I smeared her juices all over her breasts. Back and forth, from her pussy to her boobs, I played with her while we drove. Her body glistened with her own juices. My hand was soaked, and she grabbed it and pulled it to her mouth. She lapped all of her slippery pussy juice from my hand. Her eyes closed as she licked her fluids from me, and I witnessed the most beautiful site therein. My mostly naked sister was licking her own juices off of my hands! I played with her all the way to the lake parking lot.
When we got there, I saw that there were a few cars in the lot. I was somewhat disappointed that we didn't have the place to ourselves, but wasn't really surprised. It was a gorgeous day, so it was expected that there would be some people out there. That, and it was a Saturday afternoon, so the chances of it being empty were slim anyway.
Being that no one was in the lot, Sarah opened her door and got out with no pants on. Her shirt dropped to cover her breasts, but it wasn't long enough to cover her bottom at all. I got out, and walked around to meet her. She stood there bottomless, stretching again, and taking in the sun. Eventually, she leaned in to collect her shorts. When she bent over to get them, it was all I could do to not drop my pants and shove my cock up her cute little butthole. I refrained somehow, thinking that I'd take it when the opportunity was right. I did, however, place my hands on her ass, and grind against her for a moment.
"Stop it, J!"
"But...but..."
"Later. Take me somewhere a little less open first, and then you can have it."
"I'm going to hold you to it, you know."
"I'm sure you will. But you know, you can have it just about any time you want it, so you only need to be a little patient."
Frowning, I gave in. She put her pants on, took my hand, and we made our way down one of the trails around the lake. On our walk, we saw several people out fishing. We met another couple on the trail, who appeared to be in a similar situation as my sister and I. I don't know that they were siblings, but they did appear to be in love and horny. Sarah and I gave them a knowing look as they passed. Sarah commented that they were probably looking for a place to fuck, just like us.
"Wait...we're looking for a place to fuck?"
"Well, I am. What are you thinking about?"
"How much I love you..." I trailed off.
Sarah stopped me, and turned to me, her eyes full of love and adoration.
"I love you, J. And I love that you think about me that way."
She kissed me. I took her in my arms, and kissed her back, with the hunger of a thousand lions. Our tongues danced around in each other's mouths.
"I love you, Sarah," I told her again as we started walking again.
"I love you, too, big brother," came her reply. She squeezed my hand through our intertwined fingers. We turned and headed down another trail that went through the woods and away from the immediate lake area. We had walked a hundred yards or so, and I let her hand go to put my arm around her waist as we strolled. I slid my hand inside her waistband, and let it slide down her tight little ass, pushing her shorts down slightly. I pushed my way in between her cheeks, and slid my fingers across her puckered hole.
"Put it in me," Sarah told me.
She took my hand, and sucked on my finger, coating it in saliva. I resumed the position in her shorts, and gently pushed my finger into her ass. Needing to press lower, I accidentally pushed her shorts even lower, completely exposing her ass and pussy to the daylight. We continued to walk as I finger-fucked her little asshole, eliciting moans from her. As we walked, her shorts continued to slip lower and lower. Feeling daring, she stopped and pushed them to the ground. When she bent to pick them up, I took the opportunity to push my finger even deeper into her bottom. I spent a few moments fucking her ass with my finger, then got bolder and added a digit. I had my index and middle fingers jammed up my sister's ass, wishing it was my dick that was inside of her.
I knelt behind her, and noted that I could see her breasts hanging down. I reached for them, and licked her pussy from behind, while still fingering her ass and playing with her exposed tits. All the while, I feared being caught, but not enough to stop. As Sarah bent over, letting me violate her, she became flushed. The action was short-lived in reality, but was enough to make her cum. When she did, she flooded my mouth, and gushed her sweet nectar down her legs.
When she came down from her high, she picked up her shorts, and we continued down the trail, me placing my hand back on her bare ass.
"Oh my God, J. That was amazing!" Sarah said.
"I'm glad you enjoyed it!" I replied. "I wish it was my dick in your ass instead of my fingers, though."
"My big brother wants to put his dick in my ass out here?"
"I do, baby. So bad."
"Then do it. Do me!"
With that, she tossed her shorts off to the side of the trail. She followed that up by peeling her t-shirt off, and tossing it there with her shorts, discarded by the trail. She made her way off the trail, beckoning me to follow. We couldn't have gone a hundred feet when she stopped, satisfied with the location. She stood there behind a big tree. One hand went to her pussy, and the other played with her naked tits. She fingered herself, and flicked her hard nipples. I stood and watched as an evil grin took her face.
"So, and you going to fuck your sister's ass, or what?"
"I'm gonna fuck your ass so good," came my reply as I shed my clothes. Sarah bent slightly at the waist, and placed her hands on the tree she stood next to. I stepped in behind her, and put my cock between her cheeks, and teased her with it. I pushed her cheeks tight, and used them to give myself an assjob. I fucked her cheeks for short time, making sure I had constant contact with her puckered hole. When I felt that I had driven her crazy enough, I ducked down and jammed my cock into her pussy with one solid thrust. Sarah's knees went weak, and I had to put my arms around her to keep her from falling. I reached around and diddled her clit, and continued to ravish her soaking pussy with my cock. I fucked her hard and fast, her tits jiggling with my pounding. And then she came, and she came hard. I tightened my grip around her waist as she rode wave after wave of orgasmic bliss. Her pussy flowed with juices from the heavens, thoroughly soaking both of us. It was a bonus for me, because I was now plenty lubricated, and intended to fuck my sister's ass as promised.
Sarah finally came out of her massive cum, and regained her composure. I hadn't realized until that moment how much support I was giving her with my penis still buried inside her pussy.
"You ok?" I inquired of her.
Breathlessly she replied, "yes, but I thought you were going to take my ass."
"I am, love. I just wanted to make sure you were...wait...did you hear that?"
Sarah stopped her ragged breathing and listened.
"Isn't this what that girl was wearing that we met earlier?" we heard from nearby on the trail. It was the couple we had met earlier. The woman had seen Sarah's discarded clothing. Still coupled to my raging boner, Sarah baby stepped around the tree to hear better, or even see what the couple was doing. I followed, never letting myself slip from her moist folds. We were still somewhat hidden. They would have to really try to see us, but if they did, they would see naked siblings fucking in the forest.
"I think you're right," the man replied. "You don't think... no way. Do you think she's naked out here?"
"I have no idea," replied the woman, "but can you imagine how exciting that would be?"
"You're serious about that, aren't you?" we heard the man ask.
"Yes! I want to try fucking where it's risky!"
Listening to them made it feel like my dick got even harder inside Sarah's pussy. As we listened, I pulled out and aligned myself to her asshole. Sarah was trying to focus on the conversation nearby, but was distracted as she relaxed a bit to allow me to start penetrating her hole. I almost forgot about the couple as I looked down to watch my cock disappear into Sarah's ass. Slowly, I eased my way deep into her bowels. She remained bent over, supporting herself with the tree, while she listened and allowed me to violate her. She started breathing again after I had bottomed out inside her. She spread her legs a little more, getting more comfortable for the ass fucking she was about to receive, and also allowing me just a bit more depth inside of her. The conversation nearby played in the background as I started to slowly butt fuck my sister. I reached around and lovingly caressed her tits, pulling her to me while I fucked her. Now standing upright, Sarah turned her head to kiss me. My cock jammed tightly up her butt, and my hands stimulating her tits, my sister and I made love while a couple talked just a few feet away.
"But what if someone took our clothes?" I heard the guy ask.
The woman replied, "what if we took hers?"
"No way. You wouldn't!"
"I would," I heard the woman respond.
A few more words were exchanged between them, and they disappeared. Sarah was facing the treetops with her head resting on my shoulder, enjoy the sensation of my throbbing penis filling her ass repeatedly. She didn't see the couple leave, but I did. I did not, however, see if the woman had taken Sarah's clothes or not. There wasn't much that could have been done anyway without exposing us, so I just kept fucking Sarah's beautiful bottom.
"Will you lay down for me?" Sarah asked.
"Yes, baby."
Reluctantly, I withdrew myself from her ass, and lay down in the leaves. I bunched up my shorts and shirt to use as a makeshift pillow. Sarah rubbed her pussy as she straddled me, and lowered herself to me. She rubbed her wet hand over my cock, aligned me with her ass again, and took me back inside. Up and down she bounced on my pole. I stuck my fingers in her pussy, and fingered it while I fucked her ass. With my free hand, I pulled on Sarah's nipples, which once again drove her over the edge. As she came again, her ass tightened down on me, creating immense pressure. I couldn't hold out any longer. With my sister straddling me, I basted her insides with copious amounts of cum. She kept riding me, her ass milking every drop of semen it could get from me. She collapsed on top of me, keeping my cock inside her ass. I softened quite a bit, but she kept her ass relaxed so she wouldn't push me out. She loves the feeling and the thought of me inside her ass.
We made out for a bit, kissing like teenagers. Every little bit, Sarah would lift up and look adoringly into my eyes. Seeing her firm breasts capped with those pretty pink nipples soon had me hardening again inside her ass. We had fucked so much lately that it was almost uncomfortable. My dick was sore, but it still felt amazing as it grew rigid already inside the most fuckable ass there is. She didn't really ride me, and that was kind of a relief. Instead, she just kissed me, and sat up with me buried inside of her bum.
As she sat impaled on my dick, she took in her surroundings, letting the fact sink in that she had just been soundly and heartily fucked by her brother.
"I guess our friends left," she said.
"Yes, they did. It was right after I stuck my cock in your cute little tush."
"You're sweet, J. I love you."
"I love you, too, baby girl. Are you ready to go?"
"Yes," she replied, seemingly reluctant to decouple from me. "I'm getting hungry! All this sex is burning a lot of calories."
"I wouldn't change anything, though. I'm glad we were finally able to spend some time together. It's been way too long."
"Indeed it has, J. We need to try to keep that from happening again," Sarah said, as she slowly lifted up, and let my cock flop loose from the grips of her hot asshole. She stood, and brushed the leaves from her knees, and I did the same. She brushed them off my back for me, and I got dressed while she watched. Finally, we headed back to the trails assuming she would get dressed as well. On our arrival, we looked left and right, but her clothes were nowhere to be seen.
"What the actual...where are my clothes?" Sarah asked.
"That couple was taking about taking them...I guess they actually did," I told her.
Sarah didn't really act mad at all, but probably should have been. After all, she was naked...in public...with no clothes to be seen. I offered her my shirt, which she accepted, though she may as well have remained naked. The shirt was ripped up, with the sleeves torn off and open almost all the way to the bottom hem. If my dick hadn't been so sore, I'd have fucked her again, because even though she wore the shirt, she was mostly exposed. The breeze easily lifted it away from her tits, and at the same time, lifted it to expose her ass and pussy. But it was what we had, so it had to do. It was actually great walking back towards my car with her. I held her hand, and pulled her close to me. We saw those same people out there fishing around the lake, and there were more now, as evening was settling in. Some looked our way, and were treated to glimpses of my sister's amazing body. She struggled a bit in trying to keep the loose shirt in place, but eventually gave up, and just let the wind do what it was going to do. She has a glorious and perfect body anyway, so why not let it show.
As we casually strolled back to my car, the shirt slipped from her left shoulder. Her tits bouncing free underneath caused it to drop lower with each step, eventually completely exposing her left breast. I watched in awe as it caught briefly on her erect nipple, then dropped to her elbow, letting her boob become totally out in the open air. Sarah made no effort to cover herself now, leaving that pretty tit out for anyone to see who happened to look our way. Finally back to my car, I opened Sarah's door, and helped her inside. She settled into her seat, seemingly satisfied, and still not bothering to cover herself. I leaned in and kissed her lips, and stuck two fingers inside her exposed pussy. She inhaled deeply as my fingers penetrated her sex, and sucked my tongue into her mouth. I pulled my fingers out, and coated her bare breast with her pussy juices, then bent to lick it clean. It's a wonderful feeling, licking my sister's cooze from her tits. I love it, and I know she does, too.
I released her, and stepped back and admired her in her glory. She sat there smiling at me, her shirt in complete disarray, exposed tit, and pussy peeking out from under the loose shirt that had bunched up a bit as she entered the car. So sexy and adorable, I wanted to fuck her again, but knew it was way too risky. I closed her door, and joined her in my car.
"Where to now, my princess?" I inquired.
"To thine castle, my handsome prince," Sarah joked in response.
"As the lady desires," I said as I started the car, and headed towards home. The gentle bouncing eventually caused the other strap to slip from Sarah's other tit, and she sat topless, with the shirt hanging from her elbows.
"Baby, why don't you just take that off," I suggested.
She looked at me with love and lust filled eyes, and slowly pulled her arms from the oversized holes. She lifted herself up, and slid the shirt to the floor, leaving it pooled at her feet. Once more, completely naked in my car as we drove the last little bit to my house. We arrived, and I shut the car off.
"Is my valiant prince going to help from this chariot, and escort me to within his castle?" Sarah inquired with a grin.
"Of course, my lady," I said as I exited the car. I went to her side, and bowed in jest of this new prince and princess routine. I opened her door, and she kicked the shirt free of her ankles, and stepped out. She grabbed my swelling cock, and kissed me full on the lips, softly. I pulled her soft, naked body to me, and kissed her back eagerly.
"Will you take a shower with me, J?" Sarah asked.
"Baby girl, I would love to, but my dick needs a break for a bit."
"Oh, I'm sure! So does my ass! I just want to be close to you. I want to feel you touch me."
"Aww, sweetheart. I'll touch you any time you want me to," I told her, pulling her naked body closer to me.
"I know, but let's just shower. No sex, just touch me."
"Of course, baby," I replied as we walked to the door.
"Hey J?" Sarah inquired.
"What's up?" I responded.
"I wonder if those people saw us. You know, the ones that took my clothes."
"I don't think so. I saw them walk away, and it didn't look like they saw us."
"Hmmm...," she responded, almost sounding disappointed. "I kind of wish they had. It was really exciting, knowing they were right there, while you put your cock in my butt."
"You wanted them to watch me fuck your butt?"
"Yeah, I kind of did. Would you let someone watch you fuck me?"
"Well..." I trailed off in reply. "Maybe. All I know is that the risk turns me on. I don't know what I would do if we actually got caught."
"Can we try it sometime? Will you make love to me in a more risky place?"
"Sarah, just yesterday, I shoved my cock up your ass in my driveway. How much more risky could you possibly be looking for?"
"Yeah, but it wasn't at the time of day when anyone would really be around. Plus, I want it to be someone we will never see again."
I didn't responded. I turned the shower on, letting it warm up, then turned to strip. When I dropped my shorts, my rigid cock sprung up. Seeing that, Sarah put her hands on her hips, and said, "See? The very thought of it excites you!"
"No," I replied. "You do this to me. Even when you're not standing in front of me naked, this is what you do to me."
Sarah blushed and smiled as steam began to fill the bathroom around us.
"Let's think about it, and take a shower, ok?"
She agreed, and I watched as she stepped into the warm water. My boner led the way as I joined her. Seeing my sister standing there with water cascading over her naked body, my erection throbbed at the site of her. When her arms rose to caress her hair and get it wet, I brought my hands up under them, and slid them down her sides, letting my thumbs trail over her nipples.
"Yesss..." Sarah hissed. "Put your hands on me."
Seeing her in all of her naked glory with her hair wet drove me crazy. I thought my cock would erupt if she just touched it, but she didn't. I stepped to her, joining her under the steaming water. My cock touched her just above her pussy, and the water made an obvious splash as it ran over us where we connected. I took the body wash I kept there from another time she stayed with me, and began to soap her up. I was able to run my slippery hands over every inch of her luscious body. The erotic action did nothing to relieve me of any pent up pressure in my groin. Carefully and softly, I washed Sarah from head to toe. As I ran my hands over her shoulders, I watched the suds cascade down over her breasts, each nipple captured under a single bubble. I washed them, gently lifting them, and feeling their weight in my hands. Down her body to her pussy. I spread my fingers apart, letting them lightly squeeze her puffy lips before grouping three together, and easing them inside her. Sarah moaned when my fingers penetrated her soapy count. I gave only a couple of loving thrusts up into her, then moved on. I turned my hand sideways, thumb up, and scrubbed her taint and inner thighs. My thumb just pushed into her pussy a little bit, making her want more. I looked up and saw her eyes closed in erotic bliss as I washed down her legs to her feet. She placed a hand on top of my head to steady herself while I carefully washed her feet. I applied a bit of pressure to her hips, suggesting that she turn around and let me do her back. She turned and spread her legs. She put her hands on the shower wall, and leaned away slightly. Her beautiful and perfect ass was right in my face, and I couldn't help but kiss it. As I washed my way up to her firm cheeks, I nibbled on her ass, gently biting all over it. Once I had washed her cute little tushy, and the water rinsed her clean, I pushed my tongue between her cheeks, and licked her from bottom to top, letting my tongue wiggle briefly on her freshly cleaned hole. From behind, I let some water collect in my hand, and pushed it into her pussy, followed by my fingers. I wanted to make sure she was well rinsed, but the juices flowing from within her delicate flower likely took care of that. I stood to wash her back, and my cock rested right between her ass cheeks, but not pressing inside. I just let it lie there on her crack, perfectly aligned with my pole. Sarah pushed back a bit to encourage me to push deeper, but I refused. We were there for me to touch her, and that was my sole intention. I washed her back, and spent some time rubbing her neck and shoulders. The soap running down her back lubricated her ass cheeks making a slippery crack that she gently ground into me. She pressed hard enough against me to force me between them, and very slowly worked her puckered hole against me.
I let her grind, and reached for the shampoo. I thoroughly washed her brown hair, noticing how the water brought out the subtle auburn tones of her curly locks. I caressed her scalp while she continued to grind her ass on my cock. Surprisingly, it didn't hurt nearly as bad as I had anticipated it would if I'd fucked her. Sarah whimpered and purred as she ground herself against me. I took the hand wand down and rinsed Sarah's hair, running my fingers through it and rubbing her scalp once more. Returning the wand, I pulled her to me from behind, capturing her by her breasts. She leaned to me, and with her head now clear of the water, she whispered to me.
"That. Was. Amazing. Thank you, J. That's exactly what I wanted."
Sarah started grinding against me again, gliding her smooth body up and down mine, as she reached behind me pulling me tighter against her ass.
"Sarah..."
No response. She just kept grinding, pulling me to her by my ass.
"Sarah..I'm...Sarah I'm going to cum!"
And I was. I was under so much pressure. Sarah turned and dropped to her knees, and grabbed my penis.
"No, don't touch it!" I told her.
Looking up at me confused, she released me. I stood there just on the brink of orgasm, holding my breath. I clasped my hands behind my back and my body tensed. When a huge glob of precum belched from my dick and left a connecting strand to the floor, Sarah knew what was about to happen. As yet another pulse of precum slipped out of my slit, Sarah captured it with her tongue, letting it pool there. She swallowed it, the aligned her open mouth with the head of my cock just as it erupted. With no one touching me, I shot a huge load, ejected in long rope-like bursts, straight into my sisters waiting mouth. As my dick pointed up, she had her head slightly tilted down. This caused her to close her mouth between cum bursts so she could swallow everything my penis fired at her. She missed some, and when I finally decreased high velocity bursts, she tilted her head back to catch the rest. Her face had a few ribbons of my semen spread across it. She looked sexy as hell, there in her knees with a hand on her pussy, open mouth catching the last cum that trickled from me. When I had finished, I took my hand and pushed my still rigid pole into her open mouth. She closed her lips around me, and lightly sucked. I felt her tongue working my pee hole, getting every last bit of cum I could offer her. With my penis still in her mouth, I felt her swallow, eating my seed. I wiped the cum from her face, and she let go of my cock to lick it from my fingers.
I told Sarah, "Baby, the water is getting cold. Why don't you go get my iPad, and find something to order in for tonight."
"But you haven't had a good shower yet," she replied, genuinely concerned about me.
"It's ok, baby girl. There will be others, I promise."
She exited the shower, and left me alone to find us something to eat. When I finished, I toweled off, put on some loose shorts, and went to find her. She was in the kitchen, naked, leaning on the counter and browsing Facebook. Her hair was still wet, which I adore. It dries so beautifully and bouncy when she lets it dry naturally.
"Hey, baby!" I said, breaking her from a trance. "What's for dinner?"
"Is Chinese ok? I hope so, because I ordered it. I got you the sweet and sour pork."
"That's perfect, love," I said as I stepped between her gaped open legs, and kissed her back and shoulders. I wrapped my head arms around her, and captured her hanging breasts in my hands. Her warm, bare skin felt so good against my body. "I could use a drink," I told her.
"Let me get it. I owe you after that amazing shower. Oh, and by the way, I absolutely loved it when you licked my ass."
She turned to the fridge to get us a couple of Blue Moons. When she bent to get them from the bottom, I hurriedly scrambled to my knees, and dove into her ass. In her bent over position, her puckered hole presented itself to me, and I had to have it. I couldn't resist my sisters beautiful buttocks, and I wanted to lick her there again. Catching her completely off guard, I lapped at her exposed asshole. I licked from her cunt to the top of her ass, devouring her wholly. She bent lower, unable to hold her position any longer. I stuck my tongue in her pussy as far as I could, and sucked her sweet juices into my mouth. I spread her cheeks, and placed a warm kiss right on her little pucker hole, then got to my feet and helped her stand. She turned with a beer in each hand. I pulled her to me, and locked lips with her, pushing her pussy juices into her mouth from mine. She loved the taste of her own pussy, so I was happy to share it with her.
"Wow! J, please feel free to eat my ass any time you want it."
"Thank you, love. I will!" I tried, kissing her again. She handed me a beer, and I thanked her. I set it down, and took hers to open it for her. She resumed her position at the counter, clearly flushed the tongue lashing I gave her ass and pussy. I put my hand on her ass, and stepped in beside her. She was shopping on Amazon now, looking at bedroom accessories. I thought nothing of it. I ran my middle finger up her ass, bottom to top. I felt her shiver as I walked to the living room and clicked the TV on.
Shortly, my naked sister sat down beside me, and lay her head on my shoulder, and her hand in my lap. She lazily toyed with my dick, while looking at the TV, but really paying no attention to what was on. After just a few minutes, the doorbell rang. I looked at my phone, and saw the delivery guy on the camera. I moved to get up to answer the door.
"I'll get it," said an overly excited Sarah. She jumped up, and headed for the door before I could object. She flung the door open wide, and the guy nearly dropped our food when he saw Sarah's magnificent naked body, fully exposed to his viewing pleasure. As she took the food from him, I stepped in to pay.
"You'll have to excuse my sister," I told the guy. "She's feeling a little frisky tonight." I handed him some cash and told him to keep the change. I don't think he ever saw my face, since he stared past me to where Sarah was setting the table for us to eat at. I said goodnight, and closed the door. The poor guy never made a sound. I suspect he had to go and jerk off before going back to work. I don't mind people seeing Sarah naked, but I'm not about to share her delicate body with anyone physically. That's just for me.
Sarah got out plates and good chopsticks for us, and even mixed the fixings of my dish for me. She was taking care of me in my own home. When she finished, it looked as though we were having a home cooked meal instead of takeout. I watched my naked goddess prepare the table, and grew erect. I started stroking myself slowly at this erotic display.
"Stop it. That's my job," Sarah told me.
"You're fucking hot, love. I can't help it!"
"Well come and eat, and then I'll have you for dessert."
She winked at me as she lit candles on the table. She dimmed the lights, and said, "Join me, my prince, but lose the shorts."
I took off my shorts and joined her, just as naked as she was. As we began our romantic meal, we started chatting casually.
"J, I need to tell you something."
"Anything, love," I replied, somewhat concerned. Conversations that start with that phrase are typically not good.
"I really missed you over the past few months. Having you near me is the best thing ever for me, and I can't stand it when you're not around. I mean, I know you're busy...I'm busy...but there has to be a way we can see each other more."
She continued to spill her soul to me. She went on and on about how she missed my touch, and how crazy she gets when I'm not around. Honestly, I felt exactly the same. I could have reversed the conversation and it all would have been identical. We were a match. We completed each other. We were both madly in love with each other. I had sort of zoned out, but I had stopped eating, and just watched as my beautiful lover, my sister, talked.
"Say something," she said with a worried look. I hadn't realized she had stopped talking.
"Sarah, I love you," I began. "I don't just love you, but I'm deeply and truly in love with you, with every fiber of my being."
Sarah stopped eating and put her chopsticks down. When she looked up, I saw a single tear in her eye. Unable to bear that, I went to sit next to her. I took her hand and continued. I looked right in her gorgeous green eyes and said, "So while you were talking, I came up with a plan, a way to be able to see each other more."
I wiped the tear away as it escaped her eye, and began to roll down her cheek. I left my hand on her face, and went on. "Sweetheart, I know you hate your job, and all the stress you have to endure, and I hate that you're exhausted after dealing with it all every day."
She nodded in agreement. My words were touching her deeply, as another tear escaped.
"I want to propose something to you," I told her. I could see that she was anxious about what I was going to say. Her bare breasts heaved with deeper breaths as the curiosity overtook her.
"Leave your job."
Finally, she spoke. "But what about..."
I interrupted her. "Leave your job, and move in with me. You already know I make plenty of money to support both of us, and I have this big, empty and lonely house with plenty of room for everything you own and then some. And before you even think it, we can just tell mom and dad you're moving in with me to save money."
Tears flowed freely from her eyes now. It broke my heart, actually. But they were happy tears. A smile came to her face, including her eyes. She just looked in my eyes, searching briefly.
Finally, she said, "YES! A thousand times yes!"
"Then it's settled. We'll make plans just as soon as we can, and get you moved in here. Welcome home, my love."
Unable to sit still anymore, she jumped up, and hopped on my lap straddling me. She embraced me in a hug, and pressed her face to mine.
"Thank you, J. I love you so much."
When she sat back, she kept her arms loosely, and just looked into my eyes. I reached up to wipe away her tears. I couldn't help but note the reality of her naked breasts in my face, and my cock started to rise.
"Which room is going to be mine," she asked excitedly.
"Sarah...you'll be living in my room with me. You're my lover now, and I wouldn't have it any other way."
As I trailed off, my cock reached the point of firmness where it contacted her ass.
"Feels like dessert is served," Sarah said.
She got up off of my lap, and sank to her knees, her eyes never leaving mine. My cock grew to full firmness as her breath contacted it.
"You don't have to, Sarah."
"I know, but I want to, and I want you to watch me."
Sarah grasped my cock at the base, looked into my eyes, and slowly put me into her mouth. She kissed the tip, the slowly parted her lips to take my cock inside. Once the tip was in, she started applying gentle suction, and kept taking me deeper into her warm wet mouth, her tongue widening on the bottom of my shaft, never losing contact. She pushed me past her tonsils, and I felt my cock enter her throat. She took her hand off, and I bottomed out inside her mouth, deeply planted in her throat. She stuck out her tongue and ran it over my balls, and then she swallowed. Oh my god, I almost lost it when she swallowed. I could feel her throat work from shaft to tip when she did, and it was the most incredible feeling. Knowing that drove me absolutely crazy, she looked into my eyes, and swallowed again, but at the same time, started sliding me back out of her mouth. She pulled all the way to the tip, and opened her mouth, but kept contact with her tongue.
"So good," she said before slipping my dick back in her mouth. Taking me out again, she started stroking me and said, "I'm going to make you cum now, and I want you to come on me. I love eating your cum, but I want it on me. On my tits, and I want to see your face when you go."
I just nodded and watched my cock disappear again inside my sister's mouth. This time, she didn't take me as deep. She had about half my length in her mouth, and started rocking her head side to side, and running her tongue over all she had in her mouth. I was so close. She knew it, and she also knew what would put me over the edge. She started humming. No song in particular, just humming. Her sweet voice and the vibration did it. My leg started bouncing. I was at the edge and about to blow. She felt my balls tense up, spit my cock out, and raised up on her knees, aligning me with her breasts. As soon as she touched me with her hand, I went off. Sarah moved my cock around, coating herself. She kept watching my face, and stroked my penis as I sprayed hot cum all over her tits like a firehose. When the blasts slowed to a trickle, she leaned in and wrapped her tits around my pole, and titfucked me until I was dry. My cum provided sufficient lubrication, and I watched in awe as the head of my cock appeared and disappeared from between her titties, each upward stroke pushing small dribbles of cum from my slit.
"So? How was it?" Sarah asked with a satisfied smile on her face.
"Amazing! But that was probably the fastest I've ever came in my life."
"I know what you like, and I know how to get you there."
"Indeed you do, love. Come here."
She climbed back up and sat on my lap again, my cock just against her pussy. I kissed her, tasting my dick on her mouth and lips. She's not afraid of the taste, so why should I be?
"So about this thing you want to do," I started. "You want me to take you somewhere, and make love to you where the chances are good that we'll be seen or caught."
"Yes. Not just that, but I want to make with the curtains open, in the back yard, in the front yard...I want you to make love to me everywhere. I want the world to know that I'm yours, and that you love me and know how to treat me right."
"I'm still not convinced, but I'll agree to baby steps. We'll go on some adventures, and work our way up to total exposure, deal?"
"Promise?"
"Yes, love. I promise." I had never broken a promise to my sister, and I didn't intend to start then. Besides, she is gorgeous, and has a rocking body, so if I'm bound to get caught, it may as well be with her. I continued, "But you were me out today. Let's clean up, have a drink, and go to bed. In our bed."
She smiled huge and said, "I'll clean up. You make the drinks. I'll have red wine."
"Deal," I said, and she got up to get to work. "I'm going to love having you here all the time, Sarah. I could really get used to this."
"You mean you like me not having any clothes to put on?"
"That is a bonus, yes, but just having you here..." I trailed off, and watched her cum covered body gather dishes from the table.
"Don't worry, J. When you come home, I'll be naked if that's what you want." Sarah was suddenly struck by an afterthought. "Wait...if I'm not working, does that mean I get to go on your work trips with you?" she asked excitedly.
"Hmmm..." I pondered. "I suppose it does!"
"So you'll get to fuck me on other states?"
I chuckled, "I hadn't considered that, but I guess you're right!"
Content with my response, Sarah went about her task of cleaning things up for us. I went and poured her a red wine, and made myself a Jack on the rocks. When I was done, I found Sarah in the kitchen, rinsing dishes, and loading the dishwasher. I wet a dish towel with warm water, and proceeded to clean my cum off of her. She froze, and just stood there while I bathed her. I looked up and caught her eyes watching me. Not losing her gaze, I leaned down and took a nipple into my mouth, and gently sucked it. She breathed deep, loving having her tits worshiped by me. I stopped, and helped her finish, eager to go sit with her and have a night cap.
We went out on the back patio, and sat on the lounge. I sat, or mostly laid, down first, and she lay in front of me. We lay our heads on the padded arm rest, and sipped our drinks slowly. I reached to set mine down, and started to caress Sarah's naked body. When she snuggled closer to me, my cock started to rise and leak precum. I started to just barely move behind her, stroking my cock against her ass. Suddenly, she gulped her wine down, and said, "Make love to me, J. Make love to my body, and cum in my pussy."
I took a hard pull from my drink, and set it aside to give my full attention to Sarah. I reached around her and cupped her breasts as I kissed her neck and shoulders. She moaned in lust driven pleasure. My hand left her tits, and started a slow trek down her body. Sarah turned to me slightly, and raised her leg to give me more access, knowing what was coming. I dragged my fingers down her body to just above her pussy. I let my hand just rest there, and continued planting little kisses on her shoulders. She turned even more, and spread her legs further, putting one foot behind me. Her sex was completely open to me. She was turned far enough now that I could kiss her lips. I licked them gently, and she made a game of trying to catch my tongue with her lips each time I made contact with them. Eventually, I let her catch me, and placed my lips fully on hers, and we kissed passionately. As our tongues did their dance, I finally let my hand drift lower to touch her now dripping cunt. Her love juice flowed from within her, as did the precum from my shaft that was starting to coat her leg.
I pulled her gently, encouraging her to get on top of me as I rolled. We kept kissing each other, and made the roll so that she was now on top of me. Her pussy ground on my cock, which was looking for entry, but I was going to deny it for now. Never speaking, but just using gentle tugs and gestures, I got Sarah to come up to let me such on her breasts. She dangled them perfectly in front of my face, and lowered one to my mouth. Her head went back when I gently bit her nipple, and started sucking her like a little baby. I let her control the situation, and she fed me both of her ripe tits equally. Back and forth, she lifted, then lowered the other into my mouth. She told me I was going to make her cum just from sucking her tits. I reached down and grabbed her tight ass with my hands, and pulled upward towards where our heads were. She moved slightly, but didn't quite grasp what I was after. I pulled more, and scooted myself down even more, now lying completely flat on the cushion. I kissed down between her breasts, then down to her tummy as I kept pulling her toward my face. She slithered like a snake, arching her back so I could keep kissing my way down her body. Finally, she realized what I wanted, and took a kneeling position with both legs on the sides of my head. She looked down at me. I could just barely see her face now in the waning light, but I could still see burning desire. As she hovered over me, I felt her cunt drip it's delicate nectar on my face. I reached up for her tits again, and gently pulled downward. Slowly, my sister lowered her pussy onto my waiting mouth. I lifted my head slightly, and covered her burning hole with my mouth, and immediately shoved my tongue up into her as far as I could get it. I started sucking her pussy whole, drinking in her delicious juices. My tongue ran over her clit, and she jumped each time it made contact. Knowing it drove her crazy, I licked it over and over, then released her pussy lips and just sucked on her clit. Her pussy gushed juices all over my face and neck as she came. She didn't squirt, but it was damn close. I kept sucking her, and lapping at her puffy lips as she was rocked by orgasm.
When she came down, she scrambled back down in her original position, with her pussy hovering above my cock. She kissed me deeply and hungrily, and licked my face clean of her nectar.
"J, you have to make love to me now. I need to feel you inside me now. I need to feel you cum in my pussy."
I again said nothing, but placed my hands on her hips, and gestured that she lower herself. Standing as rigid as my cock was, she just had to wiggle her hips a bit to get me aligned with her sweet clam.
"Come here, and let me suck your tits," I said as our sexes made contact.
Sarah lowered her tits to my mouth again, as my penis entered her gooey snatch. Painfully slowly, she lowered her pussy onto my dripping pole. I sucked her tits, paying attention to both, and finally bottomed out inside of my sisters pussy. She stated a slow, rhythmic motion of fucking me, just taking her time, and enjoying her brothers penis in her cunt. In and out, in and out, we just made slow, sweet love. It wasn't rough pounding sex, just slow intentional love making. Sarah sat up and kept riding me. I reached down with one hand, and inserted a finger inside of her pussy along with my cock. I hooked the finger slightly, and found her g-spot. I applied a little pressure, and she came again. I had to pull my finger out because her pussy clamped down so tightly that there wasn't room. She stopped riding me, and rode her orgasm out. Her pussy gushing again, and those inner muscles contracting around my stiff penis buried deep in her pussy. When she had regained her composure, she collapsed on top of me.
Knowing she must be worn out, we switched positions. We spooned again, and my sister lifted her leg, and guided my stiff pole back inside of her. I took control, and humped her from behind. This wasn't my favorite position, unless it was anal sex, but I was here to please her pussy, and fill it with my cum. I again reached around and toyed with her breasts for a bit. I tugged on her nipples, and just lifted and dropped her heavy firm tits. I slid my hand down her body until it was on her thigh. I rubbed her there, continually humping into her pussy. I let my hand slide down between us and onto the crack of her ass. I lifted her cheek, and eased a finger in between them. I toyed with her ass, eventually tickling her anus with my index and middle fingers. I pushed slightly, eliciting an excited gasp from Sarah. I pushed more, and she started whimpering. My two fingers entered her ass just slightly, and she started getting louder. I pushed my two fingers all the way into her ass as far as I could, and started pumping them in and out. I could feel my cock doing the same to her pussy. Sarah leaned away from me so I could better access her asshole with my fingers. I plunged them deeper inside of her butt and finger fucked her in opposite rhythm as my penis in her cunt. When my cock came out of her burning cunt, my fingers went deep into her tight little ass. When my fingers came out of her ass, my cock snaked up into her steamy snatch. Sarah's body was half way off of the lounge, her hands supporting her on the concrete patio as I totally ravaged her lower body. She was screaming now, not caring what happened or who heard. I was making love to both of her lower holes at the same time.
Figuring that she had to start hurting soon from that position, I stopped and pulled her back up to me. I stood up, and took her hand so she was sitting up. I knelt in front of her, pushing her legs wide, and pulling her ass to the edge of the lounge. I bent down to kiss her pussy, then came up to get my penis back inside of her. I reached up to her tits as she lay back against the lounge, and pushed myself into her pussy again. More hungrily now, I started pumping into her, filling her sweet hole. I lifted her legs up, and shoved my cock even deeper, bottoming out against her cervix. Sarah's screams of pleasure started to drive me crazy. There were no words, just unintelligible shouts of pleasure. I pulled her legs up over my shoulders, and drove deeper still into her womb. She reached and took my hand as I pumped into her.
"Cum in me, J. Cum inside me. I need to feel you cum in my pussy."
"It's coming, Sarah," I grunted, eager to dump my seed inside of her. Approaching the point of no return, I started pumping faster. Every time my balls slapped Sarah's ass, she screamed again. And then it happened. I shoved my cock into her, past her cervix, and deep into her womb. I unloaded buckets of cum in there, my cock being milked by my sister's pussy as she had just hit her own orgasmic bliss. We came together, me pumping my seed deep inside of her. Sarah's body went completely rigid, her head thrown back. I pushed into her as far as I could, and let he cunt milk the cum from my pole. Simultaneously, we both collapsed. Sarah's legs dropped from my shoulders, my cock slid out of her pussy, and I fell to rest my head against her tummy. I came so deep in my sister that not a drop leaked out. She retained it all, filling herself with her brother's sperm.