This a continuation of Sex Games 5.
The alarm went off and we woke up for the beach party. We were a little frazzled from all that had happened that night at the yacht club. Carol had already had sex with 4 men. We took a shower and freshened up. Carol put on her white bikini bottoms and a T shirt.
We went out to the deck and could see the glow from the beach bonfire. Carol and I walked to the party. There were about thirty people there. The majority of them seemed to be in their early twenties. It was a wild party scene. The young women had on tiny bikinis and were dancing around the fire. Carol saw some topless women. So she pulled her T shirt off.
Around the bonfire it was a typical beach party. There were couples making out on blankets and groups of friends hanging out and gossiping.
We walked around for a while until Carol spotted the beach boy with a group of his friends. Carol went over to him and said hello and brushed her naked tits on his arm.
She said to him, "Hello beach boy. Whats your name and how old are you?"
He blushed and stammered "Billy, I'm 19."
He introduced his friends and Carol introduced me as her husband. Everyone kept chatting. A few of them looked at me quizzically and I just smiled at them. Carol took Billy aside.
I could hear her ask him "Do you have any beach blankets?"
He mumbled and walked over to some friends of his and got a few blankets. Carol smiled and asked him if there was any place private they could go.
Billy blushed and stammered "The Dunes."
I watched the two of them walk off. I decided I'd give them some privacy. I walked over to the crowd dancing around the bonfire. I flirted with a few of the young woman and they flirted right back. That was fun but I couldn't take my mind off of Billy and Carol.
I walked discretely closer to the Dunes and I could see Carol and Billy making out on one of the blankets. They were embracing and lost in a hot kiss. They were both getting hot and bothered.
That's when I showed up. Billy was surprised but Carol reassured him that this was all for fun. Carol took off her bikini bottoms then pulled his swimsuit down. Carol embraced him. His prick was thin and his pubic hair was blond and sparse. I thought to myself what a lucky young man.
Carol started kissing down his body. She leaned down and took his prick in her mouth.
Billy groaned "Oh yes Oh god."
He was young and inexperienced and he quickly came in Carol's mouth. He looked sheepishly at Carol.
She cuddled him and said "We have a long night ahead of us."
Carol told Billy to get on his back on the blanket.
She straddled his face and said, "I'm going to teach you about cunt licking."
I could hear her wetness as she humped his face and saying "Ah, yes, stick your tongue in."
A minute later she groaned, "That's it, right there, coming, ahhh,"
I walked over to Carol and held her as she trembled through an orgasm.
Billy was erect again. Oh for the recuperative powers of youth. Carol beckoned to Billy to get on the blanket with her. She put her arms around him, slathered him with kisses and intimate caresses.
After a few minutes of passionate making out Carol pulled Billy on top of her. She took Billy's cock and put it in her cunt.
I stuck my fingers between them and lubricated my cock and Billy's ass with her juices. I knelt behind Billy and inserted a wet finger into his ass. Billy froze and started trembling.
I gently stroked his back and cheeks and said, "Relax this is all for fun."
I put another finger in his ass and twirled it around to open him up more. I very gently and slowly put my cock in his ass.
We all stayed still for a moment and I could feel him relax and let my cock all the way in. I looked over his shoulder and saw Carol glowing with sexual pleasure, her chest and face bright red. I started gently fucking him while he was fucking Carol. His ass was tight and warm. We were all reveling in the pure dirty sex of it.
Carol started her sex talk "Ahh, fuck me beach boy, fuck his ass, so goood."
The sex talk inflamed Billy, he started plunging into Carol. I went into a frenzy and pushed deeply into his ass.
Billy started mumbling "Unhhh, Unhhh."
I groaned "Ohhh yes."
Carol groaned "Ahhh, fuck, meeee".
Billy tensed up and started coming in Carol, I came in his ass.
Carol went, "Yes, Yes, come."
Billy came in Carol. I came in Billy's ass and Carol came on his prick. Carol and I hugged Billy between us and he was breathing hard and started going limp. Amazingly Billy got erect.
Carol got on her knees and straddled Billy's face.
She said, Billy lick your come from me."
He started licking and sucking her cunt. His face was drenched with their mingled secretions. Carol was riding his face and thrusting her cunt all over his face.
Carol moaned "Coming, Coming" then went limp.
Billy prick was bright red and pulsing and he spontaneously came all over Carol 's face. We all sighed in contentment and lay back and enjoyed the night.
The air turned chilly. Carol and I hugged Billy. I asked him if he was OK.
He went limp and smiled at both of us "Wow".
I said to Billy, Carol and I needed to get back to our cottage. When we got there we collapsed into in bed.
I said "Quite the cradle robber".
She smirked and said "Quite the ass fucker."
We hugged for a while and the drifted off to bed.