It was almost a week later when I received a text from my brother.
"Are you free to chat today?"
I was so eager but at the same time I was nervous. I knew where this was heading and although it turned me on like crazy thinking about it, it was still scary.
"yes I am. I'll be on in five."
In reality I was ready about thirty seconds later but I didn't want to appear too eager. I spent a few minutes organizing which of the photos I wanted to send and I also made the effort to put a t-shirt on. Never mind that I was naked from the waist down. He couldn't see that and besides if he could do that then so could I, besides, it made me feel so naughty and so alive to know that my pussy was bare and all but on display. If I so chose, it could be in less than a heartbeat.
He sent the request this time and I hit the accept button, again hearing the familiar chime. First thing I noticed was that both hands were above the table and I didn't know if that made me happy or sad. There was a slightly strained moment as we were both a little uncertain of ourselves but I noticed Ben was definitely looking at my nipples as they pressed against the material of my t-shirt.
"So are you alone again or is Cindy home today?"
"Nope definitely alone again."
"Hmm so have you been watching videos again?"
I gave him a cheeky smile and he seemed to relax a bit.
"Maybe."
His right hand slipped below the table and my mind went straight to the lovely photo of his hard, dripping cock. I had looked at it so often over the last few days that the image was burned into my mind now.
"Hmm well if they are that good you will have to send me some links to them. Might be nice to see what it is that's getting you so...excited."
I made a point of looking at where his crotch would be if I could see it as I said this last bit.
"You'd like that would you? I thought maybe you weren't into that type of thing."
"Well who knows. I never would have thought I would be into spending my days naked, flashing my tits at the delivery driver or taking photos of my naked body either. So obviously things change don't they."
It was quite funny to see the way his jaw hung loose as I confessed some of the things I had done over the last week. He recovered fairly quickly though and a huge grin spread across his face.
"Well well well. Look who's having fun for a change. I would have loved to have been the delivery driver."
"I'm sure you would have."
I was grinning myself as I watched the motion of his arm increase in tempo.
"So what exactly did he see?"
"Well at first he saw me pretty much as you are seeing me now with just a shirt on, although I was wearing pants then."
I knew that would get him thinking and I was enjoying teasing him.
"Oh so we're not wearing pants today?"
"Nope, not pants."
I knew he was wondering if I meant I was naked from the waist down or if I was wearing something other than pants. I wasn't going to tell him though, he could agonize over that for a while.
"Hmm so how did you go about flashing the delivery driver?"
I told him all that had occurred and how I wanted to do a topless shot and how the thought of someone seeing me was turning me on so I stripped and let him get a peak.
"Ooh the lucky bugger."
"You sound jealous."
"I am. no doubt about it."
"Hmm that's unfortunate. So how's Cindy going?"
I could see the agony he was going through and I was loving every moment of it. The tease and the mention of his wife when all he wanted to do was look at my tits and play with his cock. Mind you I have to admit I was pretty keen to watch him play with his cock too so this was teasing me as much as it was him.
"Yeah she's alright. Too busy doing her own things to be too concerned with what I'm doing these days."
"Oh really? Does she know what you're doing with the photography?"
"Yes of course she does. She's the one who has set me up with half the models. It was a bit weird at first but it's almost like she thinks if I'm doing that then I'm leaving her alone. I even suspect she's trying to get me to have an affair."
"What? Why?"
"Well as it turns out, I have my suspicions but no proof mind you, that she has been having one for a while. Just a few things pointing in that direction and I guess that if she catches me having an affair she won't feel any guilt for her own."
"Holy crap Ben. I had no idea. I'm so sorry."
"Don't worry about it. Truth is it's kind of liberating you know. I knew she didn't want me any longer but I had no idea why. Now I know it isn't something I did, it's something she's been doing. Bizarrely I am now happier than I have been in ages."
"Well it shows. You've certainly been... rambunctious the last few times we have spoken."
He exaggerated his hand movements and gave a small moan.
"Oohh mmmm I don't know what you could possibly mean by that."
I laughed but on the inside my belly was doing flips and I was already beginning to leak onto the leather chair.
"Well for what it's worth things aren't so great here either."
"Why what's happened."
"Nothing has happened and I think that is exactly what the problem is. It's just become so boring and predictable for us that we have both lost interest. The sad thing is I hadn't really noticed until the other day when I got so worked up. It seems like forever since I was actually excited."
"Marriage can do that, especially when you have kids. Not that I would know much about that."
"I just took it for granted that everything was okay but I realized just how uninterested in me Geoff has become and to be honest I just don't have the same feelings for him that I once had either."
"What are you going to do Sis?"
"I have no idea. What about you, what are you going to do?"
"Same. I have no idea."
This was all becoming a bit depressing and depressed is the last thing I wanted to feel right now so I quickly changed the subject. I bit the bullet and decided now was the time to send him some of the photos I had taken.
"Let's not talk about that for now."
"Okay."
"So anyway, I took your advice and used it with the photos I took. Would you like to see some of them?"
He was so eager it was funny. He was trying not to show it but he forgets I've known him since he was born and he looked like he did at six years old on Christmas morning. I attached a few photos, nothing all that exciting, to an e-mail and sent them out. I actually heard the chime as he received them and he went straight to opening them. I watched as he slowly went through them.
"These aren't too bad you know. I can see where you have been trying to sort out the light and get things right."
"Oh good. Those are some of the first few. I think they improve from there. Do you want to see more?"
He smiled straight at me.
"You know I do."
I attached a few more and the last of these were the ones I took in my shirt just before the delivery driver arrived. I took a deep breath, here goes nothing, and hit send.
Again I heard the chime and watched as Ben went through them. It was so arousing knowing he would be able to clearly make out my nipples in the last few shots. Just watching him look at them and seeing his face get that hungry look was making me so wet and my nipples were getting even harder. I decided to give them a bit of a squeeze, it felt safe because he was so engrossed in the photos and besides, the risk of being caught was definitely giving me a thrill.
I reached up slowly with both hands and at first I just brushed my nails across the very sensitive tips of my nipples. God it felt so good that before long I was pinching and squeezing them. I had closed my eyes briefly as the ecstasy took hold and when I opened them again Ben was staring straight at me. How I could tell he was no longer looking at the photo's I couldn't tell you but I definitely could tell he was looking right at me. In my mind I was thinking do I keep going and pretend I couldn't tell he was looking right at me? Physically though I had already reacted so it would be a useless charade. I dropped my hands back down to the table and I knew my face was now cherry red.
"So aahhh do you... Um, I mean, did you like them?"
"They were fantastic but not as hot as that just was."
"Fuck! Sorry Ben, I shouldn't have done that."
"Oh my god, don't apologize. Never apologize for that."
I could still feel myself blushing but this was just too exciting to just let it drop.
"Well, uh in that case would you like to see the rest of my photo's?"
"Hell yes I want to see them."
Never had a statement had two meanings that were so clear so I decided to give him what he wanted. I attached the ones of me naked in front of the window and sent them. I heard them arrive and gave him time to open them; then when I saw his jaw drop open and his hand increase the motion below the desk I threw caution to the wind and stripped my t-shirt off. My nipples were so hard and sensitive as I brushed my fingertips over them. I was squirming in the seat and leaving damp, sticky spots on the leather.
I watched as he went through each photo and admired each one. When he came back to looking at me live the look of shock and lust on his face was unbelievable. It was written as clear as day all over his face. He wanted me and my body was reacting big time. I moved one hand down below my own desk and found the wet folds of my pussy. I was so sensitive I was tingling.
Ben was just staring slack jawed. The only movement from him was his slowly stroking hand. Teasing him was driving me wild. I don't mean just incredibly horny but wild like a feral animal. I was a woman possessed and I didn't care about anything in the world right at that moment but my own animal lust.
I applied some pressure with my two middle fingers and they slid straight into my sopping pussy. I felt some cum ooze out over them and I threw my head back in a throaty moan. I curled my fingers up against my G-spot and pushed against my clit with my palm. I damn near came straight away but with some deep breaths and holding my hand as still as possible I managed to hold it at bay for a little longer. I wanted to cum so bad but I was loving the slow torture of denying myself an orgasm too. Without being particularly conscious of it I began squeezing and pulling on my right nipple with my left hand and it was sending electric shocks throughout my body.
I looked back at the screen and was momentarily confused because I couldn't see Ben's face but a second later I realized it was because he was standing up. I focused on that glorious cock that I had already burned into my mind. I wanted it in more than just my mind though. I wanted it in my mouth and in my pussy, filling me up with that hot cum. It looked so delicious as he stood there stroking it. I was literally drooling at the thought of it in my mouth.
I then did something I have never done in front of another human being, not even my husband. I pulled my fingers from my pussy, held them up to show how wet Ben had made my pussy then popped them straight in my mouth. I licked and sucked my own cum from them like it was the greatest thing I had ever tasted. To be honest I have always enjoyed my own flavor and I have been curious about the taste of other women but it was something that had never occurred to me as being possible because I was married and I was afraid that Geoff would think I was becoming a lesbian or that I was just plain weird. Right now with Ben though, anything seemed possible and that included tasting that lovely looking pre-cum that was now oozing from my brothers handsome cock.
"Oh God, if you were here right now, that cock would be in my mouth instead of my fingers."
"Oh you have no idea how much I want that. I have wanted that for years."
This surprised the hell out of me but to be desired so much was sending me over the edge. I pushed back on my chair so he could see all of me. I even put my bare feet up on the edge of the chair, displaying myself in as lewd a way as possible. Part of me was shocked at my own behavior but I just wanted this so bad. To be desired like this was obviously something I desperately needed.
I plunged my fingers back into my pussy, being a little rougher than I normally would but I didn't care. I had to be filled right now. If I had a vibrator or dildo I would be fucking myself with that just to show Ben what I wanted him to do with his cock.
Seconds later I saw Ben stiffen and his hand stopped moving. I froze as the anticipation of what was happening got the better of me. Then it burst forth from him like a geyser. I saw his balls pull up tight then squirt after squirt of hot cum flew from him in a great arc and splashed onto the desk in front of him. Ben's orgasm triggered my own and I came like I was having a seizure.
It was one of the most intense sensations I had ever felt. Don't get me wrong Geoff wasn't a bad lover when we were younger and he rarely failed to make me cum but this...this... Well this was something else entirely. Normally an orgasm for me will rise gently like riding a wave then slip over the other side and plunge until it leveled out shortly after. It was nice and always left me feeling satisfied, although sometimes I got greedy and wanted another. This was entirely different. This was like pressing the up button in an elevator that was jet propelled. It rocketed up on me and launched me until I felt like I was free falling from an enormous height. Essentially the same process but faster, harder and more intense than any I had ever experienced before.
I finally came back to my senses and when I opened my eyes, there was Ben sitting there staring at me in what appeared to be awe. I was a little embarrassed by the intensity of the look on his face but I understood why. I mean we had just watched each other cum for the first time. I felt I needed to break the silence as it was really beginning to feel a bit awkward.
"Well that was bloody nice I must say."
"That was fucking amazing. Mind blowing. Stunning. Are you even remotely aware of how beautiful you are when you are cumming Sis?"
Now I was really blushing.
"Don't be silly. What's so beautiful about me twitching and jerking and making a mess."
I held up my still very wet fingers as proof of the mess.
"Oh my god. What's not beautiful about you? The way your cheeks flush and the look of pure ecstasy on your face. The way your thighs open and close rhythmically; how I want to feel them on my body or my head as you cum. The complete abandon as you give yourself over to absolute pleasure."
I had to laugh at this last line.
"You've been watching Rocky Horror Ben."
He laughed too but underlying all of this was the absolute honesty I could hear in his voice as he said those wonderful things to me. I felt more alive and more sensual than I had in years. I didn't know whether to be happy that I was feeling this way or sad that it had been so long since I had or guilty because I was enjoying someone other than my husband saying it.
We both needed to get cleaned up and after reluctantly saying our goodbyes I shut the computer down. I once again cleaned down the chair and went and had a shower. I spent the rest of the afternoon walking around naked and when the clock chimed three I reluctantly put my clothes back on. I refused, however to put on underwear. I felt so naughty for the rest of the afternoon wandering around the house with my pussy bare while the kids and Geoff went about their normal routine.
I was amazed again that they didn't pick up on my mood change over the last week but ultimately, I didn't really care. It just showed how much notice they ever took of me. In some ways I felt completely taken for granted and almost invisible to all of them but in my own way I was reveling in behaving in riskier ways.