I had married Eric at the age of eighteen when he visited my home of Barcelona. I was quite attractive and had done some modelling and the odd striptease and would probably have progressed into doing adult movies. The English gentleman was charming as he seduced me and he lavished me with attention and gifts. But it was only when he revealed that he was worth a cool fifty million that I agreed to his proposal of marriage. Well, he was in his late fifties, beginning to lose his hair and was barely adequate in the sack. Not a whole lot going for him. Over the course of our five years of marriage our sex life was mundane and routine and then nonexistent. And as I was in my prime sexually I craved something more. I loved having sex and needed it a lot. Eric had very generously given me a new nose and a very welcome boob job that was my pride and joy. Together with my long black hair and long legs I was aware that I could have any man I desired. However I was still not entirely satisfied sexually until Eric caught me red handed with another man and we were both alerted to some new awareness of ourselves. He came to the realisation that he had voyeuristic tendencies, and I realised that I was a show off. An exhibitionist who enjoyed being watched while I had sex. Eric was marvellous and organised some rather raunchy scenarios that thrilled me to the core, as well as providing him with his own gratification. I agreed not to cheat on him with just any old stunt cock on the condition that he pander to my needs. And he in turn demanded that he be in attendance every time to watch.
x
I explained to Eric that I fancied the idea of taking part in some kind of sexual roleplay. We talked about it for a week solid until we hammered out an idea. I particularly liked his suggestion of a little light bondage as an extra bonus. Eric had developed quite the mind for sex fantasies of late. He had some office space in the City of London which is where we decided to act out the fantasy. I would act the part of his personal secretary and would seduce and fuck some fictitious business partner of Eric's in order to tender a financial deal. My naughty husband contacted his usual male escort agency and hired a gigolo for the day. He did not inform me of the man's identity, preferring to wait until the actual day.
"You tease me so, Eric."
"All part of the deal, my love. AND, I know that you love that."
I pouted at him and nodded. I DID like the notion of the unknown aspect of our fantasies. And I had enjoyed the exciting adventures he had devised so far. I went online and picked out the outfit I needed for the play. It would need to be business like but seductive and I found just the thing. On the day we drove up to number 20, Fenchurch Street and took the lift to the fifteenth floor. Eric got cosy in his modest office and we awaited the arrival of our special guest. Promptly at eleven the door opened and a tall and imposing figure appeared in an expensive suit and with well groomed dark hair.
"I have an appointment with Mister Thompson."
"Si. He is expecting you. This way."
I knocked and opened the door to Eric's room and the mystery man entered. I sat back down and twirled a pen as ten minutes passed without a word from my husband. Then my buzzer sounded which meant he wanted my presence. I went back in and stood with a straight back, looking prim and proper.
"Susy, please meet Owen. He and I are trying to broker a deal, but he's just a little reluctant to sign the dotted line."
"Now then, Eric. Behave." Retorted Owen.
I looked at the young man with the strong jawline and mesmerising brown eyes and felt a spasm in my pussy. His voice was measured and had an educated edge that only the English aspire to. Another fine choice by my attentive husband. He looked at me and I felt him mentally undress me. My crisp white fitted shirt had a high collar and four buttons up the front and was deliberately a size too small. My D cup boobs strained at the silk material and heaved up with each breath I took. My dark grey mini skirt was about an inch decent and accentuated my long legs which I had left bare. To boost my five feet and nine inches I chose a business looking pair of black pumps with a four inch stiletto heel and pointed toe. I kept my hair up on top of my head and wore a pair of large framed eyeglasses with a clear lens to give me a serious look.
"Well, Mister Thompson, you can understand my hesitation. There is a lot of money at stake here."
"Oh, two cups of tea please, Susy."
I retreated back to the other room and made some tea and went back into the main office and set the tray down. I made a big show of bending over at the waist in front of Owen, ensuring he got a birds eye view of my derriere in the tight fitting skirt. Then, I accidentally on purpose spilled half a cup of tea into Owen's lap and feigned embarrassment.
"Oh, my! Perdoneme!" I am the clumsy one."
I produced a tissue and began to dab the stud around his groin area, and I felt exhilarated at the feel of his hard package under my fingers. At this close I caught a whiff of his masculine smell and I relished the idea of being fucked by this mystery man.
"Thank you, but there's really no need."
"No, no, Owen! Susy is totally out of order! I think she should be punished."
Eric raised an eyebrow at the man who looked back at me with intrigue. Owen widened his eyes as I loosened my long hair, shook it and brushed it out over my back. Then I slowly removed the glasses and put the end to the corner of my scarlet lips. I leaned directly into his face and licked my lips from left to right.
"I agree with Eric. I need to be spanked. I need to suck your cock. I need to be fucked."
I stepped over to Eric's desk on my heels and swept everything from the top. Papers, pens, lamp. Everything. Then I stood with my back to the edge and parted my legs. Eric fished about in his top drawer and retrieved a pair of padded handcuffs and a ball gag.
"Use me however you want."
I looked down at the ball gag and placed the silicone ball into my mouth behind my teeth. I brought the black strap around my head and Eric came over to secure it in place. Then I brought my hands together and my husband put the furry lined cuffs around my wrists to restrain me.
"Owen." Eric waved his hand at me.
I turned to face the desk and pushed my ass out and up as I rested on my elbows. Owen stood up and approached me from behind and raised my short skirt up to my hips. My black lace panties were revealed which the tall hunk grabbed hold of at either hip and drew them down to my feet. I kicked them away just as he widened my legs with his right knee and stared at my shaven pussy. I moaned into the ball in my mouth as he moved in and buried his face between my splayed legs. He kissed my thighs, paying close attention to that part where my leg ended and my sex began. My hot pussy leaked juices in anticipation of his mouth and lips there and I sighed into my ball gag. I sawed my legs to and fro as he started to lap at my vertical slit and probe my depths with his tongue.
"Mmm, mmm!"
It was heaven to feel his tongue slip and slide inside my inner folds and he alternated with teasing side to side motions, followed by going up and down. Each touch of his eager tongue made my skin tingle and I felt my heart race.
"Good work, Owen. Lick out that cunt."
I legs shook and I tottered on my heels as he slithered around inside my warm hole and I backed up to him in pure delight. A warm flush ran through me and when Owen stopped I stood poised and patient waiting for him to resume.
"Don't stop," I groaned. "UNGH!"
He smacked my right cheek with the open palm of his right hand and I experienced an initial sting that faded after a couple of seconds. It was more the surprise than the impact that made me cry out. He then spanked me again on the same spot followed by another on my other buttock a second later. As I wobbled on my heels he smacked me hard with a series of strikes on my quivering bottom, alternating between each firm nate of my ass. I slid my forearms across the surface of the desk as I was repeatedly spanked by the resilient Owen. Eric looked directly at me from the opposite side and I noted the smug grin on his face as he watched intently.
"Gngh!"
I winced into my gag as Owen moved lower to spank the backs of my thighs sharply and I tensed my muscles. The crack of his hand on my fleshy rump resonated through the office. The tops of my thighs stung somewhat and my pussy became moist and juicy. He stopped momentarily and I welcomed him running his hands on my overheated ass cheeks. "Why don't you take that cock of yours and fuck the cunt?" Eric said, speaking to Owen over the top of my head.
Music to my ears, I thought. I gulped and ground my mouth on the silicone ball and salivated. Behind me Owen then unfastened his belt, unzipped his fly and dropped his trousers. He then lowered his boxers and his large and imposing erection sprang up and bobbed lightly. I groaned as he plunged up inside me, grabbing my hips as he did so and shifting his position one step forward. He stayed inside me for a few tantalising moments and I relished the throbbing of his cock in my heated box.
"Ngh!"
Owen pulled back a few inches before slamming his cock back inside me hard. My body was rocked to the desk with a thump and my hands made two fists. His cock felt amazing inside me and I tightened my pussy around his girth and shuddered. With his hard cock deep inside my wet pussy the sound of his thighs smashing against the backs of my thighs could be clearly heard. He thrust into me hard and fast and my cunt stretched and hugged his thick shaft. Then I yelped into my ball gag when he reached around me and took the front of my shirt in his hands and roughly ripped it open, sending the pearl buttons flying everywhere. My D cup boobs bounced out and he cupped them both as he drove his boner in and out of me faster.
"Is this what you wanted, you slut!" He said as he bent over to brush my long hair to the side to expose the nape of my neck.
"Mmm, hmm!"
I moaned louder as Owen gave my cunt a good pounding over the desk, thrusting, pounding me with rhythmic strokes that smashed me against the edge of the desk. He tore the remainder of my shirt from my upper body and I was virtually naked barring my crumpled skirt around my midriff. He lifted my right leg up and planted my knee on the desk and I had to concentrate on keeping my balance on one heel. Now Owen ground his pelvis in broad circular motions that drove his dick up me to the hilt.
"Good morning, Mister Thompson."
The door opened and to my surprise Eric's REAL personal secretary entered in her prim blouse and skirt and pinned up hair.
"Ah, Miss Teacher, take a seat."
The fifty something glanced at Owen and myself fucking against the big desk and seated herself about two feet away and crossed het legs. She placed her Samsung tablet on her lap ready to take dictation.
"Take a letter. Dear Mister Jones, I received your letter dated the fifth and have considered your generous..."
A loud moan emanated from my lips as Owen banged me hard and Miss Teacher peered sternly at me over her spectacles as I was hammered into the desk. The thrill of another person watching me get fucked was a real turn on, especially one such as Miss Teacher who obviously abhorred the entire thing.
"Ignore them, Miss Teacher. Now, where was I?"
Owen stopped and pulled out and reached behind my head to remove the gag. I opened and closed my jaw and then shimmied out of my crumpled little skirt and stood naked in just my heels. Owen unbuttoned his shirt and was now completely naked also. Eric paused in his dictation and took a long hard look at my naked form with the large boobs, long pins and bald cunt. He had always admired my light olive complexion and I saw his eyes flash. I checked out Owen's impressive frame and nodded approvingly.
"Up on the desk, whore!" He ordered.
"Please excuse my language, Miss Teacher,' he said to the middle aged woman who looked on horrified.
This only spurred me on as I wallowed in the attention of the scornful woman. I laid on my back lengthwise along the large mahogany desk with my head hanging off the end and I looked back to see Owen standing where head was. His thick erection was level with my face and I reached out with both hands, still cuffed, and stroked his veiny shaft. It looked odd looking at him upside down as his balls looked to be on top of his twitching cock. I held on tightly and rubbed him back and forth as his moans grew louder. In his ardour his butt bumped into the side of the seated Miss Teacher who looked up sternly at the lewd intrusion.
"Have a care young man!"
"I do apologise, madam."
"Could you repeat that last line, Mister Thompson?"
Eric carried on with his dictation as I took a deep breath as Owen held my cheeks and thrust his length into my mouth. I was literally face fucked as he pushed in and out with his hips. Each forward motion forced more and more of his generous organ down my relaxing throat until his pubes were in my nose. He then leaned over and grabbed my tits as he drove his dick fully down my throat. The pumping blood in his shaft enflamed my tongue and the taste of him made my pussy leak profusely. His balls now banged on my upturned forehead and I gurgled audibly as a result. The secretary looked over at our odd stance and huffed.
"Pay her no attention, Miss Teacher. My wife is just showing off. SO immature!"
Owen spun me around and I was positioned on my butt on the edge of the desk with my cuffed hands on my belly. Right in front of Miss Teacher he moved his stiff prick to my very wet pussy and slid the fat head along my labia. I held my breath until he finally opened my soft folds and entered me. Only when he was all the way in did he hold onto my waist and grip me firmly. My spanked bottom on the edge meant that my pussy was the perfect height for him to fuck me and he began to stroke in and out of me deeply.
"Fuck that cunt hard!" I yelled and Miss Teacher cleared her throat loudly.
"Like this?"
Owen sawed in and out at a furious rate as he rammed my sore rump into the desk. I widened my legs and teetered on the edge as his power thrusts practically lifted my ass up from the wooden surface. His furious onslaught made the pair of us sweat and our naked bodies were quite soaked from our lewd exertions. His cock was incredibly hard and his steady pumping made my entire body tingle with every welcome thrust. His tight ass was taut as his pelvis sent him deep, deep inside my oozing muff.
"Excuse me one moment, Miss Teacher."
Eric came out from behind his desk and said something to Owen who pulled out of me. Eric then unlocked the handcuffs around my wrists and I sat up on the edge of the desk. I saw that Owen had seated himself on the two seater couch along the opposite wall and had his rigid flagpole held upright. I quickly moved to the couch and straddled his lap in a reverse cowgirl position, relishing the thought of sliding up and down on that purple headed boner. I supported myself by placing my hands on his upper thighs and lowered myself onto his length. I gasped as I sank down onto him and dug the pointed toes of my pumps into the thick carpet. But I didn't fuck him, oh no. He grabbed my hips and bounced me up and down on his turgid erection again and again like a toy doll.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I shrieked as he reamed the soft wetness of my cunt.
"Well, really!" Uttered Miss Teacher.
"Thank you, Miss Teacher. That will be all." Said Eric with a dismissive wave.
As the prim and proper lady left she turned once more to me riding up and down on Owen's lap and I couldn't help waving goodbye to her. Now I panted heavily as I ground my backside into his lap and impaled myself on his engorged manhood.
"Eric, Eric. May he cum inside me?"
Eric had joined us and he had his cock out in the palm of his hand.
"He may."
Owen cupped my tits and bucked up into me with lightning fast thrusts. I creamed on his dick and my body quivered as I came. My lover followed suit and gushed up inside me with so much cum that it flowed out of my pussy and bathed his balls. Eric loomed over me as Owen remained inside me and jerked his wad over my big tits. I climbed off of Owen's shrinking hose and stood up, somewhat shakily on my high heels.
"Bien! Wonderful!"
I hugged Eric and kissed him over and over, and then gave Owen a peck on the cheek as he gathered his things.
"You are a wonderful lover."
"At your service, Mrs. Thompson. My pleasure."
x
I cleaned up in the executive bathroom and padded naked to the smaller office while Eric did the same. Miss Teacher had fled the building, never to return probably, and I slumped in the black leather chair and closed my eyes, pleased at the mornings fantasy. I heard a noise and opened my eyes and turned to the big window that was bare of shade or blind. As we were on the fifteenth floor I expected the squeaking noise to be made by a pigeon, but to my surprise I saw two window cleaners on their platform staring right at me! They looked to be twenty something in white shirts and denim jeans as they froze in stunned surprize at my nakedness. Their eyes were on stalks when I stood to my full height and traced my hands over my thighs and up to my huge breasts. I cannot begin to describe the excitement I felt and my pussy was already moist!
"Like what you see?"
I looked both of them square in the eyes and smiled flirtatiously at them, thrilled at being watched by two virile young men who were only two feet away, although separated by an inch thick pane of glass. I opened my legs and displayed my shaven pussy as I flirted with them. I began to breathe heavily and my tits heaved accordingly. Then I rubbed my middle finger up and down my visible slit a few times before pressing inside and moving in and out. I tossed my long hair back with a big swish and opened my mouth seductively and licked the same finger.
"Mmm!"
I murmured and then turned my back to them and showed off my firm rump. I pushed it back and out and then parted both cheeks so they could see my pussy and anus from behind. I bent forwards and touched my toes to give them the perfect view. When I stood back up I saw that the guys had dropped their jeans and were spanking their erections rapidly. Unable to contain my excitement I fell back into my chair and flung my legs over the arms so that my exposed pussy was in full view from the window.
"Watch this, guys."
My clit throbbed and I strummed it and licked my lips and moaned. I was quite wet now as I looked at the two workers with their mouths open and their big cocks pointing at me. I shoved two fingers inside my sopping cunt and frigged myself faster and faster and I could feel my orgasm build inside of me. As I brought myself off and curled my toes I laughed as the pair of wankers blew their wad over the window pane! I got up and with a sexy roll of my hips I put my mouth to the glass from the inside and pretended to lick up the running trickle of cum with my tongue.
"What the fuck are you up to?"
Eric entered the office to see me on my knees licking the window. The cleaners had made a quick descent on their platform and had vanished from view.
"Well..." I began, pointing to the big window.
END