Part 1
Patricia and I have been dating for two months now. It wasn't until we had been together for over a month that things got intimate. I have to tell you she is so full of energy and so adventurous in bed. I've never had more fun in my whole life. Every time we do it it's like a first time. But she did have limits. When I suggested anal she quickly drew the line, "No! That's not going to happen period. Understand me, no ass sex. It's a one way street back there and it's going to stay that way." So I forgot the idea.
About two weeks later we were planning a trip to the beach. Because my car was in the garage Patricia was going to pick me up and drive. I wasn't quite ready when she buzzed so I let her in and waited to open the door for her. I had just finished shaving and was wearing a bath robe so when I let her in I told her to relax I would be ready in a minute. Patricia had been inside my apartment before so as she turned toward the living room she asked, "Can I see the bedroom and watch you get ready?"
"If you do we might not get to the beach."
"Party popper, I'll just check things out than."
When I finished getting dressed I found her standing and looking out at the deck. "Why do you have that cloth hanging on the railing?"
"Well I like to sunbath out there. The cloth hides me so they neighbors across the way can't see me. I don't want them calling the cops."
"Why would they call the cops? Oh...you do it au natural, do you?"
She thought for a minute. "All this time I thought you might have a little black blood in you. The slightly dark skin and the big cock you have. All the blacks on the internet have big ones. Oh boy...am I feeling real foolish right now? Maybe we better leave before I make a bigger fool of myself."
Patricia turned toward the door without looking at me her face a little flushed. She had taken a few steps when she stopped and looked at me. "Can I lie out there? Naked, would that be ok?"
"If I can look at you as you do."
"I don't mind, you've seen me that way lots of times haven't you?"
As we went on the deck I suggested that she get down low before behind the shield undressing and I would get the pad and pillow for her. By the time I was back with the pad Patricia was sitting on the floor and looking so very intriguing. She was leaning back slightly so her small firm boobs were pushed out and her legs were spread so everything was showing. Did I mention that Patricia kept herself trimmed down there, not bald, just very short and I love it?
Patricia moved until she was on her stomach giving me a great view of her ass and when she opened her legs a little the other part that I enjoy so much was exposed. Maybe fifteen minute later she rolled over to get some sun on the front part.
"You like what you see Frank?"
"Oh yes, very much."
"Are you getting hard?"
"I've been hard for a long time. Are you going to suggest a cure for it?"
"I wouldn't mind watching you take care of it."
"I would prefer you taking care of it."
"No...I think you should show me how you jerk off. I've never seen you do it have I? I'll do myself as you do it."
I was naked in seconds. I had asked her to show me how she masturbated a number of times and she had always refused before. Now she was offering to do it for me. I stroked slowly as she began to play with her slit. A finger went inside, then a second one did and they moved back and forth. Doing herself with her fingers, I was entranced with the sight. Her other hand was rubbing across her breasts. Then she began to pull on a nipple. I didn't know where to look. I was aware that she was watching me and I could feel my climax getting close. I stroked faster,
"Do it Frank, let me see you shoot that juice."
And I did a few seconds later. It might have been the best hand job I had ever given myself. I must have squirted five times before I slowed down as more oozed out and ran down across my hand and into my pubic hair.
I guess my show triggered Patricia because as I was starting to come back to earth she was leaving. Grunts, cries, her hips were bouncing all over the pad and finally a scream. Her fingers were buried deep inside and the other fingers were rubbing her clit frantically. As she slowly stopped she looked at me, "Wow...that was really something wasn't it? When can you get it up again? I want a slow gentle fuck. Was I too loud? Do you think the neighbors heard me? Oh my goodness, that was something special? If I give you some lip service will you get hard again?"
I leaned back in my chair. Patricia gave me the lip service she offered. I got hard again and I lay back on the mat and she mounted me. We did it real slowly at first. Then she wanted it faster and harder. So I did as she wanted, bucking up as she moved her hips back and forth. With luck and her fingers working her clit Patricia came first. Which was a good thing; I was only a couple of seconds behind her.
As we lay out on the deck Patricia lifted her head and looked at me. "You know, I've been thinking. Maybe if we used lots of lube and fingers only we might explore a little touching back there. But and this is a big but, if it's sauce for the goose it's sauce for the gander. You want my finger up your ass?"
Part 2
When she asked me if I was willing to let her finger my butt I wasn't so sure it was a good idea. I mean I was okay to do it to her but wasn't it kind of gay to do it to me?
After the session on the deck we showered and got dressed, it was too late for the beach, and so we went out to a movie and stopped for a couple of drinks at the local bar. The bar was only a block from my apartment so I parked at home and we walked to the bar. A couple of drinks turned into several more so by the time we left I was feeling no pain. Not drunk but real relaxed and carefree. Patricia hadn't had as many as me so she kind of took control as we walked home.
When we made it inside Patricia suggested that maybe we should lay in bed and let things settled down a bit. That sounded good to me. "Here let me help you." I like it when she undresses me so I let her. When I was down to my boxers she started to pull them down until I stopped her. "I'm in no condition to do anything right now. Can you spend the night? I promise to treat you to a good one in the morning."
Somewhere in the night I woke up. Feeling the strangest thing, it felt so good. I was lying on my side and a hand was moving back and forth on my erection. And then I realized what really felt so good. Something slippery was sliding in and out of my back door. I groaned, "Ah...you're awake. What do you think? Do you like it? From the way you're moving and groaning I think you do. I know I'm enjoying myself, finger fucking you. I can feel you getting ready. Are you going to squirt your juice? I bet you are. Your cock is so hard. Come on do it...let it all out."
And I did. To say I enjoyed it would be lying. It was great, one giant orgasm. I don't think I ever came as hard as I did that night. When I finally stopped moaning and stopped jerking my hips Patricia pulled her finger out of me, moved up to cuddle and wrapped her arm over my chest. "Go back to sleep my asshole buddy." Being a good little soldier I obeyed her command and promptly went back to sleep.
When I woke up the next morning I remembered what had happened during the night. My girlfriend had fingered me and jerked me off and I had loved it. All these years, wasted, I could have had those feelings. I rolled over to thank her for a lovely treat and hopefully return the favor. Only she wasn't there. I wanted so badly to return the favor. I was hard and no body to share it with. Getting up I stumbled to the bathroom. To you ladies out there, let me share a secret. It is almost impossible to pee with an erection. I splashed cold water on myself until it relaxed a bit and I could empty my bladder. After splashing water on my face and drying I went looking for my friend.
She was gone. A note on the counter telling meI had a great time last night. You want to come over to my place on Sunday? I'll make tacos and we can watch a football game. You should bring beer. A 12 pack would be good. Did I mention last night was something special?
Did I mention I woke with a hard-on and it was coming back after remembering what happened in the middle of the night? What was I going to do? It was Saturday and Sunday was a long time to wait. I could try and ignore my condition. Make some coffee and look for breakfast. Or go back to bed and take care of my condition. Easy decision, back to bed, coffee can wait. Luckily I hadn't put my boxers on when I got up so it was just fall back into my bed and wrap a hand around and start stroking. Slowly and firmly, just the way I like it. Feeling every little sensation as the tension builds. But, it wasn't working. Something was missing. Was it what Patricia had done to me in the middle of the night, her finger working in and out of my opening?
Frantic...did I have to what till Sunday? Would she even do it again? What if it was a onetime thing? I was getting harder if that was possible. Can I do it to myself? Still stoking I reached down between my legs and touched myself back there. It felt good, but not great. Something was missing. Slippery was missing. On the night stand was my bottle of lube. The stuff I use when I wanted it slippery. I rolled over and grabbed the bottle. The cap was off and lying off to the side. Patricia must have used it on me last night. I'm the world's greatest detective. A quick squeeze and I was ready. Yes...that was what was missing. Both hands were coated. One moving up and down and the other teasing me back there. Then when I got the courage and pushed a finger inside I exploded.
A long time later I came back to my senses. I changed the sheets, they were a disaster. I took my shower, shaved and all the other morning things. As I ate my breakfast I wondered if I even needed a girlfriend any more. The secret to a session of self-pleasuring was lube and a finger.
When I came to my senses it was no contest. A girlfriend, especially one like Patricia, was without a doubt necessary. Would she be willing to repeat what she had done earlier? I sat there hoping Sunday would come quicker. I wanted to get another treatment if she would and maybe give her one, if she was willing. Please be willing Patricia.
The End
I enjoyed creating this little tale. I hope you enjoy reading it.