Having successfully acquired the list of all the magazines she was appearing in, Emily headed back to the square. Jaap may think he'd abused his position, taking payment by means of Emily sucking his cock, but the truth was Emily had got what she wanted too.
Her next stop was the sex shop. As she walked in, she realised this was the first time she'd entered such a place in her life. She felt that familiar shiver of excitement rushing through her, realising that a single woman probably didn't fit the profile of the usual clientele entering a place like this. That said, Amsterdam seemed to have an overarching 'don't give a shit' attitude which resonated strongly with Emily.
Inside it was pretty much as she'd imagined. Dildos, tacky outfits and blow-up dolls lined the shelves. At the back was a booth where you could presumably go and masturbate to porn. Along one wall were videos, hundreds of them. Emily was distracted from her task in hand by some. Many featured truly beautiful women on the covers, and she couldn't help turning to the back to see what they got up to.
The results left her looking forward to watching channel thirty-one tonight. She also couldn't help but be drawn to an extremely lifelike dildo, not quite large enough to be intimidating, but big enough to give her a thrill imagining it stretching her open. She picked it up and moved on.
Emily reached a wall of magazines. This was what she was looking for. Taking Jaap's list, she began to browse. The first one was easy, she'd seen it before - 'Fuck' issue thirty-nine. And there she was on the cover, smiling as the sperm hit her face. She became a little breathless picturing her son Stephen's friends stumbling upon this on their recent holiday.
Next, she found 'Cum Queens' issue three. Another pretty girl was on the cover of this one. She added it to her pile. In total Emily found five of the eleven magazines Jaap had listed. There were plenty more sex shops to visit, so she was going to enjoy her shopping adventures.
Leaving the shop with a nice new dildo and several magazines, Emily was as happy as she could remember. She decided to go back to the hotel for a while and have a good look through her new purchases.
As she approached the hotel entrance, she noticed a change from when she'd arrived this morning. Even the unshockable Emily stopped in her tracks. In little cubicles, three either side of the hotel door, stood a woman in underwear or some sort of sexy outfit. Emily stood and looked at each one in disbelief.
She was in the red-light district, of course. But she hadn't imagined it would operate as blatantly and unashamedly as this. Right alongside the hotel and a little tattoo parlour, women were selling themselves for sex. Businessmen, families and women strolled past like it was the most normal thing in the world.
Even as she watched, a guy tapped on the window of a pretty, blonde girl who welcomed him inside with a smile.
When Emily approached the hotel reception to retrieve her key, the woman had been replaced by an older man, probably about ten years Emily's senior.
"Hi," Emily smiled. She was surprised when the man handed her the key without prompting. "Oh, thank you! How did you know?"
"It's my hotel, it's my business to know," he laughed. "I'm Eric. Are you enjoying your stay?"
"So far so good," Emily smiled back. "I was quite surprised by the girls outside though."
"Outside?" He took a moment to register. "Oh, sure. A bit different from England, no?"
"Just a bit!" Emily had composed herself, but the situation still seemed a bit mad.
"But I guess a girl who likes to watch channel thirty-one doesn't mind this, eh?"
Privacy obviously didn't count for much, Emily thought. But she didn't care. Tomorrow evening she'd be back on the ferry and all of these people would be distant memories -- they could think what they liked. She shrugged, no shame that she had paid for the hardcore adult channel for her room. Eric eyed her curiously, before continuing.
"We all have to make a living. I have the space; the girls need the space. It all works for us, yes?"
Emily realised Eric was not only the owner of the hotel, but he also owned and rented the booths to the whores outside.
Back in her room, Emily was surprised how the sight of the Amsterdam whores had affected her. The buzz she got when the guys saw her on the cover of magazines like those she was now placing on her bed was out of this world, but now her mind was putting herself in the place of the girls in the booths downstairs.
She'd already been ready for release, now her head was spinning with ever filthier thoughts. What must that feel like, standing on display, every person knowing you are available for sex with anyone who wanted you?
Emily spent a few blissful hours enjoying her body. One of the walls sported a full-length mirror, and she found a perfect position where her new dildo, affixed firmly to the smooth surface, could push into her nicely from behind whilst she perused her magazines, with hardcore porn visible on the TV at the same time.
She deliberately turned the volume slightly higher than she needed to -- not enough to cause a complaint, but enough so that any neighbours or passers-by the room could hear exactly what Emily was watching.
Leafing through her appearances in the magazines was everything she knew it would be. Seeing herself being used by all of those cocks knowing that any number of men all over the world were bringing themselves off over her was a guaranteed orgasm every time she let that thought sink in.
'Hot Slut' featured Emily as the centrefold. One day, she told herself, she'd blow that picture up to poster size and give it pride of place in her living room or kitchen. She was being held in the air by two men, each clutching an outstretched leg, leaving her completely exposed. Hands were groping her from all sides, and she had three fingers inside her, each from a different man.
Her hair, face, shoulders, breasts and stomach were drenched in sperm. Another orgasm built as soon as she saw this picture.
Emily couldn't actually remember this scene at all. She reflected that she now been attending the camera club sessions weekly for nearly four months. Each shoot finished with this sort of scene, and they'd all begun to blur into one. The picture summed her recent experiences up perfectly.
Flicking to 'Cum Queens' she was ecstatic to find that they had dedicated almost a quarter of the magazine to her, over two sets. And there was a sizeable editorial accompanying the many shots. Unusually, this was in English -- as well as German, French and Spanish, one page dedicated to each language.
'Emily Stainthorpe is addicted to cum,' it began. Fair, she thought. Seeing her name there in black and white was amazing.
'Emily is one of those girls who can never get enough. Once one cock has served its purpose, she's immediately looking for the next.'
'Emily offered to 'model' for her local camera club. That's where these pictures come from, but Emily isn't doing it for the art, or for the money. We think she'd be doing this if she wasn't getting paid a penny. Sometimes a girl just has to admit, she's a cum queen!'
Opposite this caption was a bedraggled and beautiful shot of Emily with what had to be three or four loads of cum visible in her open mouth, eyes bloodshot and surrounded by spent penises.
Sometimes it took a minute of self-reflection for Emily to truly appreciate the impact her behaviour had on the world. That she could travel to a foreign country and buy a stack of magazines, all featuring herself being treated like this, was breathtaking.
Just as she was bringing herself to another orgasm a knock came on her door. Still in a blissful place she pulled away from the dildo, stood and opened without thinking of covering up. Emily was bad enough back home where everyone knew her. Here she was a nobody, and she meant to enjoy the freedom.
"Hi!" Emily smiled, naked and flushed. Over her shoulder gangbang porn played loudly on the TV, porn magazines were strewn around the floor and her large dildo stuck out obscenely from the mirror.
The young man, sporting a polo shirt with the hotel's logo across the breast, smiled back. He looked her up and down. Emily didn't flinch. His eyes on her body were very welcome.
"I was just looking for a breakfast order -- there's a little form on the table over there," he pointed. "You can just fill it in and hang it on the door handle."
"It's fine, come in!" Emily stepped back, gesturing the boy inside. He accepted immediately. This was definitely a perk of the job.
Half an hour later, digesting her second load of sperm today, Emily was getting ready to go out. She had half a mind to stay in with her new dildo and the endless porn, but she reasoned that she could, and most certainly would, do that at home. Anders, the room service guy, had been nice and had a lovely thin, long cock, which she'd really enjoyed; it had fitted in her throat nicely.
He'd also been surprisingly adept with his tongue and fingers. She had half a mind to let him fuck her, but he went off very quickly down her throat. Emily didn't mind this, a mouthful of sperm was always welcome. But now it was time to see what the nightlife of Amsterdam had to offer.
As the weather was still warm, she'd opted for a tight denim miniskirt, paired with a tight, light-blue top which made it very obvious she was braless. Knee-length, black leather boots completed a look which gave her a little thrill each time she caught a glimpse of her reflection. Without any real agenda she strode off into the evening.
Emily didn't see the point of doing things she could do back home. She had one night to sample what Amsterdam had to offer. So, her first port of call was a coffee shop. She'd tried a joint when she was younger, and she wasn't afraid to give it another go. The girl working there was very helpful, explaining the different 'highs', and Emily opted for a light, uplifting strain of hash.
The girl helpfully rolled it up into a joint for her, and Emily went and sat on an outdoor table. She smoked and watched the world go by. It kept going out in her ashtray, so she'd light it again, have another little puff, and forget what she was doing for a few minutes.
'This isn't affecting me at all,' she told herself. But then she realised it most definitely was -- she was all of a sudden acutely aware of everything going on around her. A group of what she assumed would probably be termed 'frat boys' from America surrounded the next table -- there must have been eight or nine of them.
"It's time, Joe. It's your time!"
"Fuck off! I'll do it when I'm ready."
"You're the only one of us left Joe. You can't go home from Amsterdam without fucking a whore. It's against the rules, man!"
Emily's ears perked up, and she shifted around in her chair. Looking at the boys, she felt very peculiar. It was as if she was sitting at home on her couch, and the boys were a TV show, totally detached from her. She lit and took another drag from her joint, enjoying the immediate feeling of relaxation filtering down her body.
"Joe! Joe! Joe!" Poor Joe was walking with purpose along the road. He crossed the canal by the first bridge and then began walking back along the other side, his name still being chanted by his peers.
Directly opposite where they sat, Emily watched Joe walk up to a window, glowing red. There were a row of whores there, waiting for business. She marvelled at just how many of these windows lined the canals, and how stunning some of the girls inside were.
"Joe! Joe!"
Joe walked side to side. Some of the girls ignored him, looking bored at a newspaper or book. Others, who seemingly wanted the money more, beckoned him towards them with a curling finger and a seductive smile. Emily felt a bit sorry for Joe, all his friends' eyes upon him.
"Joe! Joe! ... No! No!"
Joe had begun to retreat and was making his way back around the canal.
"Aw fuck! Man! What a fucking pussy!"
"Maybe if you just left him alone, he'd be fine. Why do you care what he does anyway?" Emily hadn't realised it until she heard her own voice, but she was stoned. She didn't really know what stoned was until now, but she knew she was it. And she liked it. The row of heads which had swivelled in her direction, away from the unfortunate Joe, turned to view the voice's owner.
"What the fuck!" was the general response. Emily giggled. A group of alcohol fuelled young men would have reacted very differently to this. The frat boys nudged each other, laughed and even pointed, when confronted with the vision that was Emily.
The hash made her even more conscious of the world, almost extra-sensory, she thought. She could read each one of those boy's minds, as their eyes explored her legs, her perky nipples, her full, red lips, her flowing, dark hair. But then it wasn't exactly hard to read a young man's mind in this situation, was it? She started laughing, before standing and leaving the boys behind, a bit bewildered.
Emily was one minute totally focused, the next oblivious to what she was meant to be doing, where she was going. She saw a sex shop. This was definitely on her agenda, she still had six missing magazines to find.
This sex shop was very different to the last. Or maybe it was her confused state of mind. Either way, everything was brighter, more vivid. There were a few people in the shop, mostly single men but at least one couple. She made eye contact with a girl and smiled; she wasn't sure why. The girl smiled back.
Emily found herself perusing the magazines again. She found the magazine with her face on the cover. Turning back to the girl, she held it up so it was level with her face, adopting a shocked expression. The girl's eyes widened at the realisation that this single female was not only browsing the porn, she was appearing in it.
Laughing to herself she took Jaap's list out of her pocket. After some browsing, she found a copy of 'Secret'. This was much less graphic on the cover, but just as much inside. Proud of her achievement, she took it to the counter.
"I'm in this!" she said to the cashier, a black guy in his mid-twenties. He looked at her in confusion. She flicked the magazine open to a picture of herself with a cock in each hand, and the guy realised what she meant.
He shouted in a language Emily didn't understand, but it didn't sound like Dutch. A couple more guys appeared. Emily took great delight in flicking through all of the pictures for them, commenting on each, before heading off into the night again.
Emily decided she was pretty wasted, and that she'd definitely stay off this stuff tomorrow. She was due back on the ferry at 9pm, she'd almost certainly miss it if she was in this state.
Emily found herself back in the square where her hotel stood. The girls in the windows looked to be having a busy night. There were several men hanging around, and three of the windows had the curtains pulled, which she imagined indicated the girls were occupied.
She still had quite a lot of hash left, so sat in the coffee shop opposite the hotel and, after asking the guy serving to fashion another joint for her, sat and watched the Amsterdam nightlife.
What a very peculiar place - in a good way. Well-dressed couples, looking like they'd been to the opera, families with young children, elderly women, they all went about their business whilst whores were fucked and joints were smoked all around them.
Emily had suddenly found herself ravenously hungry and was delighted to find a wide range of snacks for sale. Munching on a chocolate bar, she watched a guy who had been sitting at the next table along get up and head over to the girls in the windows. He stopped himself before getting too close, making out he was waiting for someone, looking around hopefully.
He leaned against a lamppost. A guy emerged from the booth with the curtains drawn. Emily watched the girls.
Standing in her underwear in a window with the express purpose of attracting strangers to have sex with hadn't been something that she'd dreamed of, growing up. But she found herself unable to shake the desire to stand in these girls' shoes, to feel the eyes of passers-by upon her, knowing that she was available for just a few Guilders.
The curtain was pulled back on the booth, and the girl resumed her position, re-applying her make-up. Her lipstick was probably smeared all over that guy's cock, Emily thought, watching her satisfied customer stroll past. The guy leaning on the lamppost thought better of it, returned to the table opposite Emily and set about rolling another joint.
"Would you mind doing me one?" Emily said hopefully. She'd finished the one she'd been puffing on. Time seemed a difficult concept right now, she might have been sitting there for minutes or hours. "I've got the stuff, just not the skills," she smiled.
"Oh, sure," the guy said, Emily's voice jolting him out of his own thoughts. She leaned over and passed him her little chunk of hash which was now about half the size it had been earlier.
"Here, have some of this," he offered, handing her the half-smoked one he'd been puffing on whilst rolling a new one for Emily.
"Oh, thanks!" Emily accepted. It was very slightly moist with his saliva, but she didn't mind. "Listen, I couldn't help but notice, you were building up courage, right? To knock on one of the windows."
The guy's face froze for a second.
"Oh no! Oh god, no, I'm meeting a friend here shortly. What made you think that?"
"It's OK, don't' worry. I'm not easily shocked. I'm Emily, I'm from England."
"Jason," the man returned. "From South Africa". They were too far apart to shake hands so both nodded.
"Listen, Jason from South Africa, I'm pretty sure it's in the rules that you have to visit a prostitute if you are visiting Amsterdam. It's not like everyone in this place hasn't seen it a thousand times before -- look!"
The same girl who'd just finished re-applying her make-up was welcoming her next customer, who strode straight up to her window without hesitation. Nobody apart from Emily and Jason was paying the blindest bit of attention.
"She's popular, isn't she? I can see why, she's lovely. Is she the one you had your eye on?"
Jason looked sheepish for a moment before admitting defeat.
"OK, you got me. But I'm giving up for the night, I'm not in the frame of mind."
This confused Emily. Her experience, which had hugely increased recently, told her that men were almost always in the frame of mind for sex.
"Funnily enough," she mused, remembering Joe and the frat boys, "I saw another guy getting stage fright earlier. I'd never really considered a man might have any reservations. You all seem to follow your dicks so easily."
Jason raised his eyebrows at Emily's terminology.
"Yeah, well," he replied a little defensively, "I don't know, I've never done anything like this before."
"But you want to, right? Look over there." Four of the girls were free. "Which one do you fancy?"
"Second from the left, the Asian," Jason said without hesitation.
Jason felt awkward. Back in his hotel room, he'd been almost uncontrollably horny at the thought of coming down and paying some sexy little slut to suck his cock and spread her legs for him. He'd been checking out the whores all over town. This pretty little minx was stunning and he'd made his mind up that she was the one.
But when he was faced with the reality of these women, dressed for sex and completely available to him, he felt nervous and not at all aroused.
For the first time he paid attention to Emily, and realised how attractive she was -- way more so than any of the whores he was staking out. He'd never have a chance with someone like her. But she was eyeing him curiously. Her eyes told him that she was more stoned than he was, and she had a permanent smirk across her pretty face.
"I dunno," he said, feeling strangely comfortable in Emily's company all of a sudden. "It's really weird. I was totally up for it, all day I've been thinking about it. But when the moment comes..."
"You don't want to?" Emily said curiously.
"No, I definitely want to. But things aren't, you know. I'm a bit worried I might not rise to the occasion."
"Oh!" Emily's face brightened. This was something she knew about. "You're worried you won't get hard?"
Emily was so used to being surrounded by hard penises, the thought that a guy might not be able to achieve an erection, or even worry that it may not happen, had never crossed her mind. She looked at him, feeling amazingly relaxed and at-ease with everything. She could definitely help Jason.
"I'll give you a hand," she said casually. "Here!"
She peered into her bag and fished out the copy of 'Secret' she'd just bought. Emily leaned over and handed it to him. As the light hit her, he noticed her firm nipples pushing against the thin material of her top. She seemed to be getting more attractive by the minute. But what was this she was giving him?
"Oh, thanks," he said, confused but interested as he realised what it was. A woman who carried pornography around with her wasn't common. "It's OK. If I'm honest with you, I have no end of this stuff back in my hotel room.
"Have a look through, humour me!" Emily smiled, lighting the joint and taking a long drag.
"Sure," Jason conceded, and flicked the magazine open. He was faced with a solo set from a young blonde, followed by an older looking brunette with permed hair and a thick bush being fucked by three guys. He glanced up, Emily was looking on intently.
Emily's set was just after the centrefold. She was awaiting the unveiling with bated breath. Jason had no clue what he was about to discover. She loved this situation. The moment came closer with each page he turned.
"Listen, Emily, I appreciate the thought, but it's not doing it for me," Jason contested. He was almost there -- the centrefold, which featured a slim and pretty long-haired girl sitting on a large cock, with another one on each side of her grasped firmly in each hand. Emily nodded for him to proceed. Confused, he turned the page.
She watched the spark of recognition become realisation. The opening shot was Emily, fully dressed in a knee-length skirt, white blouse which her black bra was visible through, and glasses completing the 'sexy secretary' look.
Jason looked up from the picture, registering the likeness. It looked just like her. The look on her face told him this was no doppelganger. And then seeing her name printed in large, red typeface at the bottom confirmed it.
"Jesus!"
Silently he turned the page. There was only one more 'solo' picture, Emily with the skirt hitched right up, revealing hold-up stockings and no underwear, playfully parting her pussy with two fingers of one hand, and sucking a pen suggestively.
Every other picture featured Emily handling at least two cocks. As he turned the page, a breath of Emily's perfume drifted into his consciousness. She was sitting right beside him! His heart was thumping.
Neither said anything, and Jason turned the page a further five times before Emily's set was over. He could feel her breasts pushing against his arm as she leaned in for a good look.
The final four pages painted a very clear picture of Emily's love of sperm, liberal amounts being deposited into her mouth, over her face, hair, breasts and pussy, which was being held open by two guys, one from each side. Throughout, her expression was one of utter happiness and satisfaction.
"What do you think?" Emily whispered, the words tickling his ear. "Are you ready?"
Ready? Ready for what? Jason took a moment to register where he was and what was happening, but he was now aware that any performance issues he might have been fearing were a thing of the past. He was contending with an erection which, freed from doubt and self-consciousness, threatened to burst free.
Emily was torn -- part of her felt that it was only fair she got the reward for her labours. But there was something hot about getting this guy ready and handing him over to a whore. So, she stood and offered a hand, leading Jason across to the Asian prostitute who was brushing her hair.
"She is nice, isn't she. Good choice!" she smiled to Jason, tapping on the whore's window and leaving him standing there as she disappeared inside the hotel.
Emily slept in late the next morning. Her head was still very fuzzy from yesterday and she missed the breakfast she'd sucked the room service guy's cock to arrange. Oh well, she smiled to herself. The porn was still playing. There was a lesbian scene on screen which she watched with interest. It was nice, but she thought at least one cock would improve it even further.
It looked a bit cooler outside today, so she decided stockings were on the menu and she paired them with a new pair of olive-green stilettos.
A black corset provided clips for her stockings, and her tiny green skirt which matched her shoes only just covered the stocking tops. The corset also gave her a ludicrously abundant cleavage which she complemented with a white blouse, three buttons undone.
"Hey, pretty lady," Eric called amiably from behind the desk, as she headed past him. "You are looking for a job, eh? I've got two free windows today, let me know!"
Emily took a moment to click onto what he meant. He was saying she was dressed like a whore! She knew this would be a real insult to many women, but for Emily it was a compliment. She flashed him a smile and headed out.
She breakfasted (or rather, brunched) at the café across the square, next-door to the coffee shop where she'd met Jason last night. As she ate her pancakes and drank her coffee, she watched the girls in the windows. It was Sunday, it seemed like things started early today. Sure enough, as Eric had said, two of the six windows were unoccupied.
Sipping her coffee thoughtfully, her wicked side suddenly awoke with a vengeance.
I wonder what you have to do, to qualify. Qualify! But no, you probably need to register, sign up or something, right? Emily! What are you thinking!
Forcing herself away from the whores, she finished her coffee and had a little wander around. She still had five magazines to find.
That part turned out to be easy. She vaguely remembered a large sex shop from her wanderings last night and found it again. Rather than hunt, she simply went to the guy at the till with her shopping list.
Once he realised why she wanted these specific magazines, he became extremely attentive. He even gave Emily a discount 'Buy four, get one free, eh?', when she agreed to pose for a picture with him, holding up 'Fuck!' and smiling, his arm around her.
There was now the question of what to do for the rest of the day. She decided to drop off the magazines and then head in the opposite direction to yesterday and take a look around.
"Back already?" Eric smiled as she returned.
"Just dropping something off, then I'm off out for another wander," she replied with a wink.
Eric watched her ass swaying as she made her way up the steep stairs and got a clear view of her stocking tops. He drew air in through pursed lips sharply. This was a stunning woman.
"Any recommendations on somewhere to visit?" Emily asked on her return, having stacked the eleven magazines on the dresser, ready to pack later.
"Ah, I don't know, where have you been. You've been to the Van Gogh Museum? The flower market?"
"Not really my thing. I'll just take a walk down the canals, it's a really beautiful city."
"Sure. But you are as beautiful, eh? You are checking out at twelve, yes?"
"Oh shit, I hadn't thought of that. My ferry isn't until nine tonight. Have you got somewhere I can store my bags?"
"Sure, we can keep your bags for you, no problem."
This was a bit of a change of plan, Emily wasn't an experienced traveller and hadn't really thought this through. She returned to her room and packed all her stuff. It didn't take long.
Eric took her bag, eying her bouncing cleavage lecherously as she lifted it onto the counter. He licked his lips.
"Hey, are you sure you don't want to try my window, eh? You make a lot of money, you know."
"Oh please!" Emily scoffed. A little shiver ran down her spine at the thought, but she knew Eric wasn't serious -- was he?
"Stop joking with me!"
"Hey, a pretty lady like you? No joke! You make us both a lot of money!"
Emily's heart started thumping.
"As if! And even if I wanted to," (which every fibre of her body was now screaming that it did) "I'm sure these girls need to be registered, right?"
Eric raised an eyebrow. Until now this had been flirtatious, inappropriate chat with a guest. Now he sensed Emily's genuine curiosity. By not dismissing his outrageous suggestion out of hand, she'd left the door ajar. Eric pushed it open.
"Well yeah, sure, if you want to do it for a career. But just for today, eh? Who cares. Anybody does come checking, I sort it out. I think you are interested, eh?"
Emily thought long and hard. That pause told Eric everything he needed to know.
"Oh Christ!" she said, finally. "I'm actually going to do this aren't I?"
Fifteen minutes later, Emily stood in the closest window to the hotel on the left. Her skirt and blouse were folded neatly in the drawer beside the bed.
She stood proudly in just her heels, panties, stockings and corset. Occasionally, she'd turn and look at herself in the mirror. But mostly she faced the world.
For an exhibitionist, this was perhaps the biggest thrill it was possible to experience. Until now, the sight of herself on the top shelf, men seeing her and buying her, taking her home to wank over, that had been it, her peak. Today that feeling was multiplied by a thousand.
Emily was standing, hands on hips, dressed as she now officially was -- a whore. She was advertising herself. Those who liked what they saw could pay her, and then she could take them into the back, and they could fuck her -- or anything else they wanted to do.
She was fighting an urge to masturbate right there, for all onlookers to see.
If only Michelle could see me now. Or Oliver!
Emily braced herself as a young guy slowed down, looking her up and down carefully. He seemed to think about it for a while before continuing. Emily felt a little disheartened, but soon she was catching the eye of another man. This one paused for a few seconds before tapping sharply on the window. This was it! Five minutes after stepping into that seedy little booth, she had her first customer!
The man was bearded, quite short, and Emily guessed German or Austrian, from the few words he spoke.
"You suck, and fuck," he stated, rather than asked.
"Sure," Emily fluttered her eyelashes. She could feel her breasts shuddering slightly from the pounding of her heart.
All of her soul searching, deliberation and agonising about how and when she was going to finally get fucked, and this was how it was going to happen. She'd pictured building up to it, teasing the guys at the camera club before letting one or two lucky guys break that particular boundary.
Instead, any control had been completely wrested from her. The first guy to rock up to her little window and pay her fee would get the reward which, until now, had been off the menu. Her wet, shaven pussy was about to be penetrated by this small, bearded man, because that's what he was paying her for.
The guy wanted Emily to lead so, once inside, she pushed him gently back into the chair (the furniture consisted of one chair and one bed) and leaned over him so his face was in her cleavage. He liked this and put an arm around her back, smothering himself in her tits.
At the same time, his hand found its way between her legs. She stopped him for a second, pulling her lacy black knickers down and kicking them to one side. His hand found its way back there and he muttered something approving in German as he realised her cunt was dripping.
Emily slid down his body and released his cock, which was already mostly erect. It was quite small, and she was surprised to find he had shaven his pubic area. She'd never seen this before on a man and wondered if it was a German trait.
Emily's mouth set to work and soon she was working his cock expertly, using her tongue and throat and keeping her eyes glued to his throughout.
She was very used to bringing guys off with her mouth, but today her oral skills were only required to get the guy hard. Now he was.
Despite everything she'd done, Emily had still only had sex with two men in her life, at the age of thirty-eight. There was something deliciously wrong about the fact that she was about to allow this strange German guy who'd just tapped on her window, to become just the third man to fuck her.
Propping herself up on her elbows, she watched the man pulling a condom over his dick. Her knees were drawn up and her heels were dug into the edge of the bed, legs spread wide, leaving her soaking cunt very easy for him to access.
He muttered some more German words as he pushed his covered cock against her clit, stirring the juice from her pussy around, before starting to ease inside.
Emily thought she knew what to expect. Barely a day went by without some implement being pushed up inside her pretty little shaven pussy. She had dildos of all sizes. Fruit and veg, fingers and tongues found their way inside her all the time. So, she was completely taken aback by her body's reaction to this unimpressive cock starting to pump back and forth inside her.
"Oh FUCK!" The cry was involuntary. The months upon months of denying the guys had, it seemed, been building a need in her which was finally being released. This portly, hairy guy, within a few seconds, brought an orgasm hurtling out of Emily like an express train.
It must have been amazing for his ego. He was particularly pleased to have found such a perfect specimen as Emily. Some of the girls of Amsterdam are beautiful but this one was really stunning. More important was her attitude. If she was faking, she was an extremely good actress.
Heinrich had visited many whores before. Not just in Amsterdam, all over Europe. He'd become somewhat hardened to the experience and it took something pretty special to get him going these days.
But this girl was different. He didn't need to understand what she was saying, her expression said enough. If he knew English, he'd have understood her shouts, begging for more without shame.
Nobody knew Emily here, and she would never see anyone she met on her break again. It gave her a freedom which drove her desire to new heights.
"Oh, FUCK Yes! Right up there! I fucking LOVE cock inside me!"
For Heinrich, a trip to a whore would usually involve quite a long process of foreplay to get him hard, some prolonged intercourse, after which he'd negotiate whether he'd be allowed to remove his condom and ejaculate on the girl. But Emily had turbocharged everything, and he was already at Defcon 5.
Heinrich grunted unintelligible German curse words as he filled his Condom. Emily was closing the door behind him fewer than ten minutes after he arrived.
Emily looked at her watch. It was twenty past twelve. All she could think of right now was how long she had before she needed to think about heading to Centraal, where her bus would begin her journey home. She had well over six hours.
Now the seal was broken, she wanted more.
"You can fuck a lot of men in six hours," she winked at herself in the mirror as she adjusted her corset.
There was an extended pause of around ten minutes before her next customer arrived. This was an English guy, who seemed pleased and surprised that Emily was a compatriot.
"Yeah, I'm a porn star, I'm just over for a visit, I decided it would be nice to just fuck a load of strangers for a day before I go home."
The fact that this was totally true reminded her how disgraceful her behaviour was and gave her inspiration to almost force herself upon this lucky guy. An uninformed onlooker would have assumed Emily was the sexually frustrated customer, paying for a relief which she had been cruelly denied.
"That's it, get a good handful!" she urged him as she bounced on his cock, her tits spilling out of her corset into his eager hands. He complied with delight.
"Do you like porn? You might have seen me. I'm all over the top shelf back home. You can find me in the sex shops over here as well, being a total little slut! I fucking love it, God! I love it so much!"
This guy wasn't even going to last as long as the German. Sure enough, his face contorted as Emily's pussy milked another load into its sheath. Emily didn't dismount -- she needed release, and brought herself to a shuddering climax with her fingers on her clit as the stranger's cock softened inside her.
"You're going to remember this, aren't you? Emily Stainthorpe the porn star coming for you, sitting right on your dick. Fucking hell! I'm such a fucking dirty little slut!"
Next was a familiar face.
"Joe!"
Joe was at the back of the same large group of young men Emily had observed with interest last night. Amongst her fuzzy memories was Joe's embarrassment as he was pushed into approaching the whores across the canal last night.
She was amused at the confusion etched across all their faces, not least Joe, as she called him over by name. The same boys who'd mocked him the previous night were now astonished as the beautiful Emily, dressed for sex, beckoned him inside.
"How did you..." Joe examined the temptress curiously. "...Wait, that was you. Last night, right?"
"Yeah. You looked like you needed a bit of help," she smiled, her pretty eyes fixed on his. "After all, you can't go home from Amsterdam without fucking a whore, right?"
Joe's eyes widened, and Emily licked her lips gently and seductively.
"Well, I'm a whore, and I'm here to get fucked."
Joe was the best so far, she thought. He spent quite a while exploring her body with his hands, and she loved the feeling of his eyes feasting on her. Emily came hard on his fingers and her orgasm continued as his sheathed cock replaced them.
If all the whores in Amsterdam are like this, Joe thought, I'm definitely doing this again! Emily wouldn't let him pull out when he was spent, keeping him inside as she came again, her fingers flicking across her clit while Joe watched on.
There was a roar of approval as Joe left Emily's booth. Emily gave the frat boys a smile and a wave, and jokingly made to pull Joe back inside. Joe received high fives and fist bumps all round, and she felt a nice sense of achievement having helped him out. The forty guilders Joe paid were added to her growing pile in the drawer by the bed.
By three o'clock Emily counted seven used condoms in the little bin in the corner. She was firmly reacquainted with beautiful, dirty, sweaty, majestic sexual intercourse.
She looked in the mirror, reminding herself of what the public saw when they peered in her window. There was no room for doubt. Every inch of her body screamed it out -- Emily was now without doubt a genuine whore.
With each new cock she found greater pleasure. Some was purely physical. The fact that her body was ready after her previous encounters meant her journey to orgasm got shorter each time.
Emily's pussy began to demand more attention even before the last spent dick eased out of her, and it welcomed the next with delight. It became easier for each man in turn to slip up inside her to the hilt, and this made her climax harder too.
The physical rush was driven by her state of mind. She was revelling in being a whore. Thirty seconds after welcoming a man inside her little den, she'd have a hardening cock in her mouth. Lying back and inviting him inside her, enjoying his eyes devouring the sight, she was in an almost constant state of orgasm.
Her next customer was another familiar face. Jason, the same guy she'd aroused and led over to the window right next to this one just last night. There was no recognition in his face. His eyes were, like every man who passed, drawn to her irresistible body.
He was making to walk past, just enjoying the view. She gave him a little wave and a smile. Jason looked over his shoulder nervously. He did a double take, the memory of the stunning, stoned porn star rushing back. Emily beckoned him over.
"Hi Jason!" she smiled, opening her door in invitation. Jason glanced around, the self-consciousness which Emily had done so much to overcome last night flooding back.
"Don't be shy, come on in!" she continued. He didn't need asking twice.
"What are you... you never told me you did, you were..."
"A whore?" Emily finished for him airily. "I wasn't, yesterday. But I definitely am today!" she winked. She pulled the curtain behind them and stepped close to him, close enough that her breasts brushed his chest slightly. "How was she, the Asian girl last night? As good as she looked?"
"Yeah," Jason said, a look of confusion and disbelief plastered across his face.
"Was her body as good as mine?" she said with a little pout, taking Jason's hand and placing it on her breast, eyes fixed on his.
"Yeah -- I mean no!" Emily giggled.
"It's OK, it's not a competition. I'm glad you had a nice time. What did she do?" Emily smiled easing closer and sinking slowly down to her knees. "Did she suck your cock?" To illustrate, she fished her hand into Jason's fly and pulled out a rapidly hardening penis.
"Oh yes!" she smiled up at him sweetly. "What a lovely cock!"
"Thanks," he said, finding his voice. "This is a fucking dream come true. Look," he reached into a bag which he'd dropped on the bed and pulled out a magazine. "I remembered this from last night." It was 'Secret' magazine.
"Oh Jason! Isn't that sweet! You bought this today? Fuck, that's really hot!" Jason was rewarded with the sight of Emily masturbating as she sucked his cock eagerly for a little while, before pulling back and looking up at him gratefully.
"Were you taking it back to your hotel? Were you going to wank over me?"
"Honestly, I was planning on using you to get me hard again, just like you did yesterday, then I was going to come back down later and find another girl."
"I love that. Using me as your inspiration!" She released his cock, which bobbed up and down attractively. "Does this inspire you, Jason?" She lay back on the bed, legs apart, pulling her black lacy panties to one side.
Jason was far and away her best fuck so far. She wasn't sure whether it was the excitement of the situation, of the guy she'd met last night over a joint finding Emily to be a whore who was only too happy to fuck him. Or it might have been a physical thing -- she was finding her sex drive only increased the more it was fed.
But actually, she realised, the main reason was that Jason was a really good fuck. Perhaps it was his natural self-consciousness, his physical condition, or the fact that his session with that sexy Asian slut last night had taken the edge off.
But whatever it was, his cock, which was the perfect size and shape to hit Emily in just the right spots, was able to hammer into her much harder, and for much longer, than anyone else had even got near to today.
He delighted in groping her tits as he fucked her, and she adored the way he pushed two fingers into her mouth, making her gag and dream she had another cock to play with.
"Fuck me! That's it, fuck me! Oh, Jesus that's good!" she encouraged him. Until today it had been years since she'd felt a hard penis up inside her. This was everything she'd remembered and so much more. Emily needed this feeling. She loved cock. No, she adored cock.
"Look at me, Jason. Look at this fucking whore, spread open for you to bang that big dick into. Make sure you remember this. Every time you wank, every woman you fuck, remember what this looks like, what it feels like!"
Jason continued manfully, but before long he joined the growing list of men to have contributed a full condom which Emily took from him gratefully, stretching up on tip-toes to kiss him goodbye before dropping it into the bin with the others.
Now that, that was about as hot as you can get, she smiled to herself as she prepared for the next man. But immediately she drew the curtain and resumed her position, on display for anyone who wanted to use her body, she was greeted by a sight which very nearly brought another orgasm on right then and there.
She remembered their names immediately; their situation had made quite an impression on her. They'd actually just passed her window as she drew the curtain, so she had to act fast; she wasn't going to miss this opportunity.
"Terry! Rowan!" she called. They both turned immediately. Unlike Jason, there was no recognition in either of their eyes, even as they digested the sight of this stunning whore leaning out of her booth and beckoning them over enthusiastically.
"It's me, from breakfast, yesterday?" Rowan was first to register.
"Oh god! Dad! It's her!" Terry's jaw dropped.
"What the fuck?" was all he could say. Emily ushered them both inside.
"Please tell me I'm not dreaming?" Terry continued, stunned. "What the fuck! I never would have picked you as this kind of girl!" Emily absorbed the gaze of the two men, her body feeding off their excitement.
"You aren't dreaming. And I am very definitely this kind of girl," she smiled. Terry shook his head in disbelief. Rowan was dumbstruck.
"We've been -- I told you, didn't I? Been looking for the girl to make Rowan into a man. But all he's talked about since that breakfast is how sexy you were. We've been looking for a girl like you the whole time and, fuck me if the real thing isn't right here! Rowan, you've got no excuse now!"
"Oh Rowan! Is this true?" Rowan came to life, nodding his head quickly. "Oh, thank you! That is so hot! I'm all yours, if you want me?"
Emily loved the simplicity of prostitution. There was no guesswork, no reading of signals, no fear of rejection. This young lad found her sexy, so he was going to fuck her. Terry was ushered out, and Emily set about taking his son's virginity.
Within a few seconds of her slipping her lips around his young untouched cock Emily knew she was going to approach this one differently. Taking this young man's virginity, she wanted him to remember it, to look back on this day and savour the memory. His dick was already pulsating wildly, she could feel his glans swelling in her mouth.
"Mmmm," she hummed, the vibration bringing him ever closer. "I think we need to start with easing the pressure a bit, then we can relax and have some real fun. I'd love to taste your cum, Rowan, will you fill my mouth up for me?"
Maintaining eye contact, her cheeks hollowed as she sucked hard, flicking her tongue around his frenulum and pumping his shaft firmly a couple of times. This was all it took, and Rowan gasped as Emily's eyes encouraged him to keep pumping into her mouth, raising her eyebrows as if to ask for more.
"Sorry," Rowan uttered immediately. This was the first time he'd spoken since his dad had left. Emily had broken free and was proudly showing him the load in her mouth. She left it cascade over her bottom lip, large drops falling into her cleavage.
"Sorry? Are you kidding?" She gulped down the remainder, and set about cleaning herself up, curling a finger around on her breasts and soaking a finger, before sucking it clean seductively. "You've just given me one of my favourite things in the world! Trust me, that will make what comes next so much better!"
Most whores would be looking to move their customer on at that point, to maximise earnings. But Emily's motivation was not financial. She realised that she'd not charged Jason a penny! He'd fucked her so well, she'd completely forgotten to charge him. And now, all she cared about was giving this young man an experience he'd be telling his friends about as soon as he got home.
It was a full hour before Terry, who had retreated to the café next-door, welcomed his son back from Emily. She kissed Rowan deeply and very passionately, and he was dazed as he turned to his father.
"How much?" Terry said, digging into his wallet.
"Oh, no charge! This one is on the house!" Terry looked at Rowan in amazement. Rowan had a face like the cat who had just inherited the cream factory.
"Are you sure?" Emily nodded. "Wow. Well, listen, I was thinking, I'd like a go too." He approached Emily's booth.
Emily looked at Rowan. She had no real idea of their dynamic, but she suspected that fucking Rowan's father right after spending an hour giving him an experience he'd never forget may severely take the gloss off the memory for him.
"Sorry Terry. Rowan's totally worn me out, that's me finished for the day." Terry looked in amazement at his son, whose expression had turned from extremely happy to extremely smug. Emily smiled to herself at a job well done.
Dropping Rowan's cum-filled condom into the bin with the others, she counted nine customers. She'd only charged seven of them but had a healthy wad of notes to show for her afternoon's work.
Emily fished the cum-filled bags out of the bin. She felt the weight of nine loads of sperm. It was a shame, she reflected, wasting all that lovely cum. There were several nationalities represented here, and all different ages. In a different world she'd have loved to have tasted each load.
Emily enjoyed being a whore, but this was a definite downside. With a pang of regret, she dropped the evidence of today's disgraceful behaviour into the bin. She was looking forward to having that lovely stuff plastered all over her body again when she got home and feeling it hitting the back of her throat, or splashing all over her face as she allowed the guys to use her as she loved so much.
After saying goodbye to Eric (You are welcome here any time, I see how many guys you get through, this is great business!), Emily had a little time to spare. She wanted to commemorate her eventful visit to this amazing city, and shortly she was exiting the tattoo parlour on the square.
"Are you sure lady? This won't come off you know?" the girl stressed more than once. Emily was insistent, and now proudly bore a small tattoo on the back of her neck.
She'd chosen that spot as it could be completely hidden by simply having her hair down, which it was, most of the time. But when she chose to, she could put her flowing black locks up and reveal the permanent branding of what she now was:
'Whore', the ink spelled out in an attractive font.
Even if it wasn't visible, the knowledge that it was present gave her a warm glow over her whole body. After today, the word really meant something. The tattoo was a badge of honour, it was not an empty word. She was a whore and she'd paid for her tattoo by fucking strangers.
As she walked, her very used pussy felt beautiful, warm and moist. Her whole body was very gently throbbing with happiness. She found herself walking past Jaap's office and decided to pop in, she'd had an idea.
"Emily Stainthorpe!" He seemed pleased to see her again and hugged her affectionately. This seemed a bit forward, but she had sucked his cock and swallowed his cum just yesterday.
"Hi Jaap," she smiled. "I'm on my way home, just wanted to thank you again."
"You find what you needed?" Jaap didn't feel like he needed to be thanked. This stunning little slut had just turned up and sucked his cock in return for information that took him about thirty seconds to find.
"Yeah, I did!" Emily tapped the side of her case, indicating that her hardcore porn was safely inside. "Listen, I was thinking. Alan's going to be sending you more pictures. Would you mind keeping me updated when they get published?"
"Yeah, no problem," Jaap shrugged. "They love your pictures. But they love them even more if you fuck, yes? Anal, DP. You want big coverage, you do soft, hard, everything."
"God I will, Jaap. What's DP?"
"Double penetration, no? A cock in your pussy, a cock in your ass."
"Oh right, yes. That does look hot, I'll see what I can do!" Emily enjoyed the feeling of her butt plug, but her tight little rear entry was as yet unknown by a penis. This gave her another tick on her 'to do' list, and she felt that familiar shiver of excitement at the thought of something even more filthy to try.
Telephone numbers exchanged, Emily headed off to catch her bus.