Jan and I live in a small house in a quiet suburban neighborhood at the end of a quiet street. The other three houses are homes to couples very much like us. I suppose it is because none of us have children that we have all become such good friends. We progressed from casually seeing each other in our yards to a habit of gathering at least once a month at one of our houses or backyards in good weather to hang out and have something to eat.
Oh, sorry, I should introduce us all. I am Rob Anderson and my wife is Jan. Next door is Dave and Barb Worth. Directly across the street is Mark and Jane Dekker, and next door to them is Sam and Pepi Garrison. We are all active and fun loving so we have a great time together.
The evening this started everyone was in our back yard. I was holding a beer in one hand and grilling my secret recipe burgers with the other. Dave and Mark were next to the grill discussing how to improve their golf games and Sam was dumping a sack of ice into the drinks cooler. Our wives were hustling in and out of the house with side dishes, plates and all the other things they thought necessary for dinner. Dave changed the subject and said, "You know, It would be great if we all went somewhere together for a vacation this summer."
Mark said, "Yes, but after paying for a new furnace we won't be able to afford a resort this year."
I turned the burgers and agreed, "After all our expenses we are thinking stay at home this summer."
Not to be shot down that easily, Dave said, "Let me look around and see if I can find something fun but not expensive. Would you guys be interested then?" We said we would consider whatever he could come up with so long as he kept the cost down. I didn't think there was much chance it would come to anything and turned my attention back to grilling.
It was almost two weeks later when I got a call from Dave. He said he had found our vacation getaway place and wanted everyone to meet at his house the next evening to discuss it. Once we had arrived at Dave and Barb's house, gotten settled, and Barb had served drinks and nibbles, Dave explained what he had found. It seems that through a friend of a friend he found out about a former Boy Scout camp that was now available to rent for a very low price. It was in the woods with play areas, a small lake for swimming and canoeing, hiking trails, and more. It had a lodge which would sleep up to thirty but you must bring your own bedding. The lodge also had a kitchen, eating and gathering areas. It was located in a remote area about a two hour drive away. He showed us a picture of a rustic but nice looking log building with a wide front porch complete with rocking chairs.
By this time we were all excited. The women were talking about how to organize the food, we men were counting how many sleeping bags were available and how to haul everything there. This looked good and we were even able to find a time when everyone could go. We were planning an adventure! Dave reserved the place and most of our gathering the next month was devoted to planning what to take and other details.
The day finally came. All four families gathered at Dave and Barb's, our cars loaded with everything we thought we could possibly need. I made sure Jan packed the ingredients for my secret burger recipe. We got on the road in a convoy about nine thirty in the morning so we could arrive before noon.
The first part was an easy drive on the main highway. Then we turned off on a series of farm roads with Dave navigating by the institutions he was sent. Finally, at a sign saying "CAMP WILDERNESS", we turned onto a gravel track which wound through dense woods for about half a mile to a small open area.
The camp in front of us was beautiful. My wife said, "Wow, this looks great!" The lodge in front of us looked even better than the picture. To the left of the lodge was a green lawn which ended at a lake. We could see horseshoe pits and volleyball courts in the lawn, a small dock out into the lake, and several canoes on the bank.
We piled out of our cars admiring the place and congratulating Dave on finding such a great place. The women grabbed some bags and headed for the lodge while we began the heavy unloading. I was about half way to the lodge carrying as much as I could when I heard one of the women scream. I dropped everything and ran to the door. As I got there all four women came piling out chattering excitedly. As near as I could understand with everyone talking at once, they thought there was something very wrong with the lodge.
We followed them inside to see what the problem was. The ground floor of the lodge was basically one large room with games at one end, tables and chairs for eating in the center, and at the other end, behind a counter, was a kitchen. Rustic and not luxurious, but clean and neat. What one would expect for a Boy Scout camp. On the far wall was a stairway leading up to a second level. "Up here." Said Pepi as she led the way upstairs.
When we were all up, there was stunned silence. My wife, Jan, said, "How are we going to manage this?" We were in the sleeping area which was one large room with bunks in two rows. There were no partitions or curtains for privacy.
Jeanie said, "It gets worse, wait till you see the bathroom. We followed her through the door and found urinals and stalls on one side and sinks with a long mirror on the other.
"There aren't even any doors on the toilet stalls." Exclaimed Jane." At the end of the room was a tiled area with six shower heads. No privacy here either. Dave said, "I'm sorry, I didn't know it was like this. I never thought to ask."
We wandered downstairs quietly with each lost in their own thoughts. It looked like our perfect vacation was spoiled. I was about to start hauling our bags back to the car when Barb took charge, "OK, one thing at a time. Let's get some food in here and fix lunch. After lunch we can have a conference to decide what we will do."
Having some direction felt good, so we brought the food in and the men got out of the way while the women got lunch ready. Soon we were all seated at the tables eating hot dogs, potato salad, and cookies. Mark started telling stories about past camp experiences and soon everyone joined in. At least we got one fun camping meal.
After lunch we stayed around the table for a meeting. It was a glum discussion. We all had spent the last few weeks anticipating a great time at a cost we could afford and now this. It took awhile to get past the gripping so that we could finally start suggesting possible solutions. Some wanted to pack up and go home. I wondered if there was a motel not too far away where the women could stay. That would break our budgets but keep us around during the day. Dave was trying to work out some complex schedule for alternating the bathroom between men and women. That did not seem practical.
We had been silent for a few minutes when Jane piped up, "I have a way to keep this trip going and accomplish other things too if you guys are up for it."
Dave said, "No, we cannot get someone to bring in porta-potties." We all laughed and Jane assured us that was not her intent.
She went on to say, "What if we turn this into a nudist camp? It would solve the bedroom and bathroom problems plus it may give all of us more self confidence about our bodies."
It seemed like ten minutes as we mulled this over before anyone spoke. Then everyone spoke at once. I was surprised to hear that most comments were positive. There was concern that not everyone would be brave enough to do this and what the talk would be around the neighborhood when we got back, but we agreed that we could draw up a set of rules to address the problems.
I got some paper to write the rules but after a lively conversation everyone was so into this that there were only two rules, everything else was okay:
1. Everyone must be nude all week. If anyone refuses, that couple must leave.
2. We will not tell anyone about this week. When asked we will talk about the swimming, canoeing, hiking and games, but not about the rest. There are many people who would not understand.
Once the rules were read we went around the table making sure everyone agreed. "So when do we start?", Sam asked.
"Right now!", Dave replied. With that he stood and started pulling off his shirt. Mark, Sam, and I joined him undressing. After a brief hesitation Barb got up and pulled her shirt over her very generous breasts. Jane, Pepi and Jan followed her lead. We all got our shorts off and were down to our underwear when we paused and looked at each other. Dave counted, "One, two, three." We pushed down our underpants while the women unhooked and removed their bras. Barb said, "OK ladies, let's finish up." She pushed down her panties and stepped out of them. Jan, Pepi, and Jane did the same. Barb had the largest breasts but I think Jan had the largest aureole. All four were spectacular.
We spent a few minutes examining each other. Mark commented, "Wow, this is a good idea."
This was about all I could take for now so I said, "Now since everybody is dressed for swimming so let's get in the water." With that I led the way out the door and down to the lake. We had such a great time swimming, splashing, and playing that we soon forgot we were naked. It was wonderful freedom.
The afternoon passed quickly and soon it was time to go back to the lodge and sort out who gets which bed. With that sorted out I realized that I had to pee. I was just walking in when I stopped short and stared to my right. There, sitting in one of the doorless stalls was Jane, peeing. She smiled, opened her legs and said, "It's OK to look."
I got to the urinals and started peeing when Pepi came up to watch. I smiled and said to her, "It's OK to look." She wanted to hold my cock and aim it so I let her. Of course that made me hard.
I grilled my special burgers that night to celebrate our solution to the privacy problem and our vacation life style. I noticed that the ladies had put on aprons while cooking to avoid being splattered with something hot. Actually, they looked hot in aprons with nothing underneath.
After dinner we looked through the board games which were in the lodge. Barb commented that we could not play strip poker. However she did discover some water paints so we had a body painting contest. To make things interesting, each guy was paired with a woman he was not married to. The man would paint the woman and the woman the man. Then we would vote on which pair was best.
I drew Jane as a partner while my wife, Jan got Sam. I took a few minutes staring at Jane's large breasts with long nipples trying to imagine how to use them in my painting. Finally I decided to paint them as large eyes with the rest of the face below. Down at her shaved split I painted a smiling mouth with tongue sticking out to the side. Not bad, if I do say so myself.
Then it was Jane's turn. I stood there while she painted my chest in stripes of red, white, and blue. I got an erection while she painted my cock in red and white stripes spiraling from head to body. It was as much fun being painted as painting.
When all were done Dave and Pepi won. They had painted each other as matching Koala bears. Not as sexy as some but cute. Of course after the contest we each had to carefully wash our partner in the shower which was almost as much fun as the painting.
We all went up to bed and let the women get in bed first. Then each of us slid into the bunk with our wives. Soon the room was full of moans. When Jane came it was loud.
Jan shook me awake the next morning and whispered that it was raining. What would we do? I groaned and sat up. Sure enough I could hear rain on the roof. I laughed and told her to not get her clothes muddy.
After breakfast we went out in the rain and found a large mud puddle in a low part of the lawn. Sam jumped in first and arose completely covered. Soon we were all writhing around in the mud having a great time. Then it was time for the showers again. Each woman went in the shower room and stood by a shower head waiting for a man. I went to Barb who has a great figure with large breasts which stick straight out from her chest and a small landing strip of hair above her split. I soaped her up with my hands paying extra attention to her clit. Then she soaped me with at least an equal amount of time on my cock.
The women headed for the kitchen area and I thought they were preparing lunch but soon they emerged carrying a group of bottles. There were ketchup, mustard, chocolate sauce, strawberry sauce whipped cream, and a couple of others. Each woman took a bottle and walked over to a man. Pepi came to me. She took my cock in her hand and spread strawberry sauce on it. Then she knelt in front of me and put my cock in her mouth. Looking around I saw that every woman had a cock in her mouth. My wife, Jan, was bobbing her head on Dave's cock.
I came in Pepi's mouth and she swallowed it. Then she smile and said, "Yum, strawberry cum."
I backed Pepi up until she was sitting on the edge of a table. I took the bottle and put a small drop of strawberry sauce on each nipple then licked each off. I opened her legs and poured a line of sauce on her split. I knelt between her legs and started licking it off. Delicious! She put her legs on my shoulders and her hands on the back of my head to encourage me. Soon she was bucking her pussy into me.
When everyone was back to earth Barb asked, "Did you all enjoy your lunch?"
That afternoon we went out on the lake in the canoes with our wives for a change. It was fun but hard to paddle straight with Jane between my legs exploring my cock and balls with her hands and mouth. It seems when given the chance for some variety the women are in to it at least as much as men. I have always liked plenty of sex but now I was beginning to wonder if I could last for the entire week of this.
We grilled steaks for dinner and served them with potato salad and red wine. By the time we cleaned up and relaxed with a little more wine it was getting late. I noticed Mark and Jane whispering in the corner. They came to the group and Mark announced, "Now, if you all agree, the men will go out on the porch for a moment. The ladies will all move to different places in the room and turn out the lights. When the men come in they will search for the ladies in the dark. The first lady you find you take upstairs to bed."
That sounded like fun so we went out on the porch and watched the stars until we heard Jane call, "Ready."
It was very dark inside the lodge. I bumped into several tables and chairs making my way over to the sitting area. Then I felt the back of one of the stuffed chairs. I reached over the back and felt a head and shoulders. I moved my hands down and found two very large boobs. Too large to be Jan or Pepi. So I check the nipples and found long ones. It must be Barb.
I moved around the chair and gave her a long kiss with plenty of tongue. She leaned in to me and returned the kiss. Then she grasped my cock and whispered, "Come on."
We felt our way over to the stairs and climbed using the rail in the dark. She knew which bed was hers and took me to it. "Lay down on your back," she whispered.
When I was down I could feel her climbing over me. Then I realized we were in a 69 position. Her knees on either side of my head and her face at my cock. I raised my head and started licking as I felt her licking my cock. After all the days activity I knew I could last quite awhile.
Finally I slid out from under her and whispered for her to stay as she was. She was on her elbows and knees so I got on the bed and moved up to her butt. I placed my cock at her very warm, wet entrance and pushed in. She pushed back to take me all in. As we fucked, I reached around to feel those large boobs swinging back and forth. She was moaning and I was going faster until we both came hard.
The next morning I awoke in the arms of Barb. She opened her eyes and said, "Hi." I looked around for Jan and saw all the other women but not Jan. Then in the bed next to us I saw Sam smiling. The covers at his crotch were bouncing up and down.
That day we hiked some of the trails and relaxed. I think everyone needed to recharge. After dinner Dave took over, "Pick a partner, we are going to have a sex demonstration. Each couple will perform in a different way for the group." I looked around and saw Jane. She smiled and I took her hand.
Jan and Dave were first up. Their demonstration was to try to have sex standing up. Dave lifted her in his arms but could not lower her onto his cock without falling over. Finally he pushed her against a wall and got it accomplished but could not hold her long enough to cum.
Next, Mark and Pepi started with her bent at the waist and him entering her from behind. Then Pepi, being very flexible, bent down reaching between her legs and fondled Mark's balls. That put them both over the top.
I led Jane to the center and had her bend over on her knees with her face to the carpet and butt in the air. Then I spread some oil on her ass hole and inserted first one then two and finally three fingers. When she was ready I oiled up my cock and gently pushed into her ass. I went slowly until she told me to go ahead so I picked up the pace. We were both enjoying doing something different in front of an audience.
Sam and Barb took the center. She started by tit fucking him with those glorious boobs. Then she used them to massage him from face to feet. She backed up enough for them to do a brief 69. She swung around and impaled herself on his cock cowgirl style. Leaning down on Sam's chest she called to me saying, "Rob, get over here and put your cock in my ass. I want double penetration."
I lined up behind her and pushed in. This was different. I could feel Rob's cock against mine inside Barb. We coordinated our moves with me going in as he was coming out and so on. It was quite a ride.
"Okay," announced Dave, "Tomorrow morning we leave. Tonight is lady's choice. Guys go up and get in bed then the ladies will go up and climb in the bed of their choice."
I was laying in bed when someone female slid under the sheet with me. I was surprised to find that it was my wife, Jan. "I want to try it in the ass," she whispered. It wasn't long before I was in her back door and she was moaning.
Just before we left we called a quick meeting to remind everyone that we would not tell anyone what really went on during our week together. It felt strange and a bit uncomfortable putting on clothes for the drive back home. Once home we resumed our normal routines. We see our friends frequently for back yard picnics and other parties. When people ask about our vacation we tell them about swimming, hiking, and games, but nothing more. What will we do next summer? We will have to wait and find out.