The next few days were uneventful. Simon finished his unpacking and finally had a house that he could live in. He saw Lauren occasionally: she was often gardening and he waved to her once on his way to work. But nothing erotic happened and she was even dressed modestly. He decided that it must have been a one off, a moment of madness that she regretted, and he tried to put her out of his mind. On his work from home days he did end up occasionally cumming while thinking about how she'd teased him, but she was so hot he'd probably occasionally think about her even if he hadn't seen her strip and masturbate right in front of him.
It was the following Monday that things changed again. Simon was working from home as usual, he'd just sat down with a coffee to work through a long report. It was boring, and he often found himself staring out the window. Lauren's house was directly in his view, and he was used to looking through her windows in case she was showing off again.
This time, he realised she was there. She was sitting on her bed wearing a tiny t-shirt and boxer short pyjamas. And she was looking right at him. He waved. She waved back. And then slowly opened her legs. Simon was already hard. She slid her hand between her legs and under her shorts, and smirked at him. He had his hand inside his joggers too, and they both started slowly masturbating while watching each other. She pulled her top up and let her tits fall free, and started teasing her nipples again. Simon had his cock out fully, and he angled himself so she could see him jerking off, trying his best to give her a good show in return.
She eventually stood and stripped, then sat back on the bed with her legs spread wide and her fingers furiously rubbing her clit. She came and Simon thought he could see her squirting. She sat in the afterglow, still rubbing her tits and licking her fingers clean. It didn't take Simon long either: he came hard, and he hoped she could see how much cum there was from across the street. She watched him intently as he orgasmed, and once he was finished she stood up, waved and mouthed thank you, and disappeared out the bedroom door.
Simon sat back in disbelief at his chair. He couldn't even move to clean the cum from his stomach. Moments later, he heard his front door open (it was a safe neighbourhood, he often left it unlocked). He started panicking and trying to cover up, but he had barely pulled his joggers back up before the door opened and Lauren walked in wearing a long coat. "I need to taste it" was all she said, and she dropped the coat and knelt between his legs.
She pulled his joggers back down with a rapid tug, and hungrily started running her tongue up his inner thigh and cleaning the cum from his leg. She reached his cock and licked carefully around it, lapping up the pool of cum at his hip. She ran her tongue across his stomach and lower chest, and Simon shivered at the intimate touch. She worked quickly, licking every bit of cum off his body. Finally came to his cock, and licked his balls almost nervously. Simon was too amazed to move as she gently took his now soft dick in her mouth and sucked it clean.
She finished and let it pop out of her mouth. She looked up at him and he saw her face drop and tighten slightly, "I shouldn't have done that."
"Why? It was so good." is all Simon managed.
"My husband... fuck! I'm sorry, I shouldn't have." she stood up and pulled her coat back on. Simon stood too, trying to pull his joggers back on. He didn't want her upset, and he definitely wanted her to visit again. She started walking down the stairs and he followed.
"I'm sorry too" he said, "Do you only want me to watch?" She nodded,
"I tell myself showing off is okay. I don't know what came over me."
"I loved watching you, that's all we need to do." She smiled and looked less stressed.
"I'll strip for you every day if you want, just never tell anyone about today." Simon couldn't believe his luck, he believed she really would strip anytime he asked.
"I promise I won't tell." She grinned,
"Thank you. I need to let you work, but here's my number if you want to see me." She was by the door now, and pulled a pen from her jacket pocket to scribble on some junk mail. Just before she left she opened her jacket again and flashed her body, letting Simon take it all in. Then she spun around, opened the door, and disappeared back across the road.