Note before reading: Hey all, this is my first ever story! Please keep that in mind when reading, as I'm sure there will be mistakes or things that could be improved. I think my biggest issue is staying on track, so if you notice this, please point it out so I can focus on fixing that!
This story will be a long one, and very slow burning. There will also be much more narration than conversations. If that's not your type of story, this isn't one you should read.
The topic focus for this storyline is exhibitionism (public play and loads of teasing) and the journey from the beginning stages of hotwife (teasing, letting other guys grope her, but not having sex with them), to the end stages of hotwifing (fucking other guys, openly being naughty in front of you, the reader). I plan on making another version of this story for cuckolding instead of hotwife. As I'm a new writer, I'll probably just write the hotwife version, copy and paste it, and make needed changes for the cuckold version rather than writing the entire situation again, since I do plan on having this be a very long story.
I love stories that include a lot of foreplay and teasing, so I will include sex scenes, but I will not be focusing on them. I'll still make it a good read, just know there won't be any super long sections for sex scenes and some might only be briefly described if I don't think it would add too much to the story.
Also, I don't plan on mentioning much about you, the viewer, description-wise. I don't like reading stories that mention specific details about the viewer, because its harder to imagine yourself in the situation if the details don't match. So, things like your dick size, your body build, hair color, hair style/length, etc. will not be mentioned at all. Your clothes might be, but not anything about your body. I hope this makes my story a more enjoyable read for everyone.
I hope you enjoy my first ever story!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You, Nick, and your girlfriend of 4 years, Kaitlyn, have been living together in an apartment in Ohio while going to college. You had met her in high school, when you were both 16. Your relationship is going great, almost feeling like you're already married. Now both at the age of 20, Kaitlyn stands at 5'3", while you're 5'9". She has silky, long hair that she switches between brown and dirty blond, and gorgeous brown eyes. She has a lean, slightly curvy body and her medium sized breasts are quite noticeable on her small frame. Though she wasn't raised in a conservative family, she has always dressed pretty conservatively due to her innocence. Even with this, her body has always gotten plenty of attention from both guys and girls. Her clothes always conceal her deep cleavage and she doesn't wear form fitting pants other than tight jeans, but her breasts and ass are still large and enticing enough to turn heads. When her breasts had first gotten to their size, she realized that she would rather get too much attention than none at all, but she was already so devoted to you that she never payed any attention to the eyes that constantly scanned her or the men that would compliment or flirt with her.
While taking classes at college, you do side work as a graphic designer and social media manager, while Kaitlyn just focuses on school. Shortly into your second year at college, you receive horrible news that your mother has passed away from a heart attack. Her health had been of slight concern for awhile now, but her death was sudden.
After a couple of weeks mourning the loss, you and Kaitlyn discuss the situation. Your mother had been very successful in real estate and had left behind a very large inheritance. She had been divorced since you were young, and you're an only child, so it was all yours. It was enough money for you and Kaitlyn to live off of, and much more, for the rest of your lives without working. Seeing as though you and Kaitlyn didn't plan on having any children and therefore would undoubtedly be set financially for the rest of your lives, you both decide to drop out of college and move to California to live a relaxed, care-free lifestyle.
A little over a month later, two weeks into September, everything from your apartment is packed and ready for the big move. Not having enough space in the two cars you and Kaitlyn will be driving to Florida, you decide its best to hire a moving company to take most of your belongings to the new house, while you and Kaitlyn go ahead of them.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
At the new house, everything is going well. Decorations are being set up, kitchen utensils unloaded and organized, and a large, temporary blow-up mattress being prepared. You're busy unloading more decorations from your car in the driveway when Kaitlyn comes out, clearly in distress.
"Babe, have you seen my box of shirts? I just spilled soda all over this one and I can't find anything to change into!"
"No, I only have some paintings and lamps left in my car. I thought you packed all of your clothes in the trunk of your car?" you reply.
"I thought I did, but I already brought all those boxes inside and took everything out of them and my shirts are nowhere to be found! I can't wear this shirt anymore, its already getting sticky!" she says with frustration.
Looking down at her shirt a large dark circle is stained into the front of her bright pink top from the jut of her chest and down to her belly. Deciding it is more important to help her find her clothes than decorate more, you set down the paintings and head inside to assist her in her search.
Following her to the master bedroom, you start looking through the piles of clothes spread across the floor, thinking maybe she's just stressed from the move and made a mistake. After several minutes of searching, you come up with nothing. Kaitlyn must have accidentally had the moving company take the box with all of her shirts in it. Noticing there's still one small unopened box in the corner of the room, you start to cut it open.
"They're not in there, Nick. It was a really big box of shirts. I don't know what's in that one, but its too small to be the one with my shirts."
Opening the top of the box, you immediately spot something. Reaching in and picking it up, you turn to Kaitlyn and spread out the dark red long sleeve shirt from the box. It takes you a second, but you eventually recognize it. You gave it to Kaitlyn a couple of years ago as a gag gift for her birthday. The shirt has a low cut neckline that, when worn by Kaitlyn, would show off the slightest bit of the top of her cleavage. The shirt was purposefully short, and leaves about an inch or two of Kaitlyn's midriff exposed when she's standing normally. You know what it looks like on her because you had somehow convinced her to try it on when she first opened it as a gift. Reinforcing the humor and purpose behind the joke, she was even embarrassed to wear the shirt in front of you, her boyfriend of then two years, and refused to wear anything that skimpy and revealing. You hadn't expected her to react any other way, but you were still a little disappointed.
Your relationship with Kaitlyn has been perfect and dreamy, having not fought once since the beginning and loving waking up next to each other every morning. However, there was one thing you wish would change. Her innocence. She certainly isn't vanilla in bed, but outside of the bedroom, nobody can tell there's an ounce of naughtiness in her. You've always wished she would eventually come out of whatever shell of innocence she was hiding in, but after four years of dating it still hasn't happened. Wanting to show her beauty off to the world, your absolute dream would be for her to be a complete slut in public, not be afraid to let everyone have a look at her hot body, or maybe even be a hotwife. But here you were, with a girlfriend that wouldn't dare wear any shirt that didn't ride her neckline or go past her waistband. Kaitlyn knows about your desires, from the couple of times you've mentioned it over the years and with how she catches you looking at women dressed provocatively in public with a hint of jealousy that their boyfriend is living his dream.
Taking a moment to consider what route to take with this shirt in your hands, you decide its important enough to you to bring it up again.
"Looks like you don't have any other options," you say with a slight smirk and the shirt still presented in your hands.
"Babe, I know you really want me to wear stuff like that, but I just don't think I can do it. I'm really sorry," she says.
Accepting defeat, you regretfully tell her its alright, toss the shirt in the garbage can, and walk out of the room to continue setting up the house.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A couple hours later, at 7pm, you're relaxing at the kitchen island on a stool, when Kaitlyn calls from upstairs.
"Nick, are you ready to go out for dinner?"
"Yea, whenever you're ready baby. What'd you find to wear instead of your stained shirt?" you question, expecting her to reply that she'll just wear a thick jacket, or something of the sort, with a sports bra underneath.
You're a bit preoccupied on your phone, but you hear her start walking down the stairs toward the kitchen. Not looking up from your phone, you keep waiting on her answer to your question. When you can tell she's at the bottom of the stairs now, and still hasn't replied, you briefly look up at her and back at your phone, confused as to why she's just standing there silently. You do an instant double take. There Kaitlyn is, at the bottom of the stairs looking at you expectantly. Wearing no other than the red shirt you had found in the box earlier.
Your jaw drops and your eyes widen, taking in something you thought you'd never live to see. The absolute beauty of your girlfriend wearing, what she considers, skimpy clothing. Her belly button is slightly exposed, a thin line of her tan skin being visible all around her waistband. There's a small hint of cleavage where the shirt cuts down in front of the neck, one of the most beautiful sites in the world. The shirt is tight on her, perhaps because her breasts have grown slightly since when you first gave her the gift. Its clear she's wearing a bra since you can't see any hint of nipple outlines, but you assume it must be strapless since you can see most of her shoulders. She's wearing tight blue jeans that have some fashionable rips around the knees. Catching yourself about to start drooling, you snap back to reality and realize you must've been staring at her body for close to a minute. Looking up at her eyes, you notice she's blushing, her head is slightly tilted down, and her eyes are flicking back and fourth from you to the floor.
"You... you look incredible, Kaitlyn. I- I don't even know what to say. What changed your mind?," you manage to ask, still shocked.
"I saw the disappointment on your face when I said no. You looked pretty hurt. Even though you've told me about your fantasies and desire for me to show myself off more, I never realized how much it would mean to you. After considering it more, I thought back to how many things I've requested you improve about yourself or do differently to make me happy and you've always done it, without any complaints. I've done the same, but you've almost never asked me to do anything differently for you other than this. It would be wrong for me to expect you to change for me, but say no when you make a request. So, here we are..." She's still blushing, but now has one hand awkwardly up on her chest and the other wrapped around her waist, weakly attempting to cover herself up.
"Thank you baby. It means a lot to me that you're willing to give it a try. I know how uncomfortable you feel, but I think its something you will come to enjoy if you keep an open mind," you try to reassure her.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Getting into the car, you almost can't take your eyes off of your stunning girlfriend. You've been dating her for four years, and have seen her naked, but finally seeing her wear clothing that was even slightly revealing made her look like a completely different person. One that you love even more.
From the driver's seat, and with Kaitlyn being as short as she is, it gives you the perfect angle to look right down her top. The top of her breasts are barely exposed, but the amount of plumpness you can see in her cleavage is enough to give you a raging hard on. You can't help but think of the fact that other guys might get this same view of your wife tonight while you're at dinner.
Confused why you're not starting the car, Kaitlyn turns to look at you and quickly realizes what the hold up is. Her face turns bright red and she tries to cover her cleavage by pulling up her top, but the shirt falls right back into its original position and hides nothing. The only thing it accomplished was sending a wave of motion through her breasts as they fell back down.
"This is so embarrassing, Nick. I feel like I'm just on display for people to ogle at!" she complains.
"That's what I find so hot about it, baby! You're so beautiful and your body is perfect, you should let people ogle at you! The thought of you showing yourself off and being a slut at my request is extremely arousing," you refute.
"You'd really find it hot if a guy gets to look at my cleavage at the restaurant? I'm your girlfriend, but you want other guys to see the things only you should see?" she asks.
"Think about it this way. You're my everything. You're the most attractive thing in world to me and I consider myself extremely lucky to have the chance of being with you. Seeing other guys want the same, finding you so attractive, makes me feel even more lucky! It means I have what they can't have. If you play into it how I'd like for you to and show off to those guys, you're teasing them that much more and it makes it even more hot," you explain.
"That's where the next part comes in. I also find it hot when girls are sluts. I can't really explain it, but it really gets me going when girls in relationships are naughty and do things like giving random guys blowjobs or having sex with them, but go back to their boyfriend or husband at the end of the day. Like a hotwife Its like you're going so far with the teasing, that instead of just showing them cleavage they'll never be able to touch, you're giving them a taste of what you'd be like as a girlfriend or wife, but denying them from having that! Even if the girl keeps going back to the same guy, basically giving him that experience, I'd still find it arousing because the girl is a total slut! So, if you take that reasoning and add in my love for being humiliated, you can see why I also like the idea of cuckolding," you add.
"Okay, I can kind of understand how that could be arousing. I've just always held the opposite values from... being a slut. It'll take some getting used to, but if you're willing to be patient and help me ease into it, I think I could get used to it," she replies.
"Of course, baby. We can go as slow as you want. Your comfortability is my top priority. If you're ever uncomfortable with anything during this process, just let me know and we can pull out and reset," you say.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pulling up to the restaurant, you notice how crowded the parking lot is. Not enough for a wait, but enough that there will be eyes everywhere. You find a place to park and head inside with Kaitlyn pulled tight into you.
As you walk in, there's a large group of guys walking towards you to head out of the restaurant. They look to be around the same age as you and Kaitlyn. You look down at Kaitlyn by your side, briefly allowing your eyes to take in the sight of her cleavage once more. She has her arm and hand up on her chest again, not directly covering her cleavage, but perhaps making it less obvious to any unsuspecting strangers. You know she's not doing it on purpose, its probably just her natural reflex after so many years of never wearing any sort of revealing clothing. You use your left arm that's around her shoulder to grab hold of the wrist of the arm that's on her chest. As you pull her arm down by her side for her, she looks up at you and says a faint "sorry".
The group of guys finally starts passing where you're standing and exiting the door. As they pass, you hear one of them say "Yo, check her out," in a whisper. At least five of the around twelve guys clearly turn their heads towards Kaitlyn and, though its a bit dark in the restaurant, you think you can see each of their eyes locked on Kaitlyn's face and chest for the split second they're walking past you.
Since the group walked by on Kaitlyn's side and you heard what the one guy whispered, you know Kaitlyn did too. She confirms this when she tries to move her arm to cover her chest again as the group passes, but you keep a firm grip on her arm preventing her from covering herself. After a few seconds, she looks up at you, her face completely red and filled with embarrassment once again.
A waitress escorts you to a booth near the bar, but away from the door. As you're sitting down, Kaitlyn looks at you and says,
"Did you hear what that guy said when they passed us!? He told the other guys to check me out! I was so embarrassed!"
"Yeah, I did hear that baby. I told you, you're insanely hot! Most guys dream of being with someone as good looking as you. You saw where they were looking, right?" you question, letting your eyes flick to her cleavage and back to her gaze.
"THEY DID NOT!!" she says in complete shock and a bit loudly. Slumping in the booth and covering her face, its clear she didn't notice the group of guys looking at her cleavage.
"What'd you think they'd be checking out? Like I explained, a lot of guys find it hot when girls show off. They saw your face first and thought you were attractive, then that small amount of your cleavage made them think you're smoking," you say with a smirk on your face.
"Alright, I see your point. It did make me feel kinda naughty knowing they were looking at me right in front of you. I think I'm starting to enjoy it a little," she says, uncovering her face.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dinner goes well, with Kaitlyn only finding herself covering her chest a couple of times throughout the hour, but quickly realizing it and lowering her arm on her own. Your waiter didn't have much self-control and wasn't good at hiding his glances, so both you and Kaitlyn saw his obvious scans over the cleavage peeking out from Kaitlyn's top. Each time after the waiter left the table, Kaitlyn shot you a smirk, growing more and more comfortable with the amount of skin showing in the shirt she was wearing.
Towards the end of the meal, she notices a couple of guys sitting at the bar that are looking her way, and tells you in a whisper. You manage to sneak a few glances over at them without being caught, and sure enough, they're blatantly staring at your girlfriend, or rather her chest. Turning back towards Kaitlyn, you want to know how she feels about it.
"If you're uncomfortable with it, just tell me and I'll go have a word with them," you tell her, wanting to make sure she's okay with being openly stared at.
"No, I'm alright. I've gotten a bit more used to it now. Let them look." She seems to even have a slight hint of enjoyment from it now.
Wanting to ease her into it a bit further now that she's comfortable, you start thinking of what she could do next that wouldn't be too big of a step.
"Pull down your shirt a little bit," you suggest to her.
"What? Its already showing cleavage!" she says with a little confusion.
"Pull the shirt down, show more. I'm sure those guys at the bar would appreciate it."
Kaitlyn takes a moment to think and register what you're asking of her. Then, somewhat reluctantly, she moves both of her hands up to the neckline of her top, and tugs down on it, revealing another half inch of her cleavage. Somewhat embarrassed, she looks over at the guys at the bar. They're smirking and both slowly nod their head once, either of approval or as a thanks. Kaitlyn can't hide her smile, and surprisingly winks at them, without any need for encouragement from you.
You're stunned with arousal, amazed at your girlfriend's first "slutty" move from her own initiative. She sees your reaction and her smile grows, letting out a small giggle.
"I somehow knew you'd enjoy that! Are you proud of me?" she teases.
"That was one of the hottest things you've ever done. I'm speechless!" you reply.
Finishing your meals, you leave the restaurant and head home for the night. During the drive, you and Kaitlyn discuss how you're both feeling about how everything unfolded tonight. Kaitlyn says she really enjoyed it and is glad she gave the idea a chance. She can't wait to do it again and maybe even do more daring or slutty things for you. Arriving home and walking in the front door, Kaitlyn can't wait any longer. She grabs you and pulls you into the mostly empty bedroom and pushes you onto the mattress. Straddling your lap facing you, she brings you in for a deep kiss. There's something different, better, about how passionate she's being. Its safe to assume its because she's more aroused than usual, due to her enjoying indulging in your biggest fantasy.
"I really enjoyed being a slut at your request tonight, baby!" she exclaims, confirming your thoughts.
In your head, you laugh at the wildly different classifications you and Kaitlyn each have for the term "slut". Still kissing, you reach down and unbutton Kaitlyn's jeans. Reaching your hand inside, you wiggle your fingers into her panties. Finding her womanhood, you gently slide one finger up and down her already dripping slit. By feel, you think she's more wet than you ever remember her being. Removing your hand from her pants, you pull away from the kiss and look at your fingers. Her glistening juice is all over your hand. She sees what you're looking at, looks back at you, and smiles.
"Being naughty really got me worked up, I guess!" she says, blushing and looking into your eyes.
Moving your hand up in front of her mouth, you pause before speaking.
"I want you to taste how much of a slut you were tonight."
She looks at your glistening fingers, then back into your eyes. She slowly moves her head forward and takes your fingers into her mouth, wrapping her soft lips around them tightly. You can feel her tongue swirling, licking off every last drop of her own juice. Still looking into your eyes, she pulls away from your hand, keeping her lips locked around your fingers until they slip completely out of her mouth. She exaggerates a swallow, then licks her lips clean.
"Good slut," you tease, before grabbing hold of her and tossing her onto the mattress, switching your positions.
Laying her down on her back, you prop her legs up and remove her pants, then her panties. Pulling her to the edge of the mattress, you kneel on the floor and place your head between her legs. You plant several deep kisses around her beautiful pussy before finally bringing your mouth down on top of her swollen clit. Spending just a few minutes eating her out, she starts to orgasm. Grabbing the hair on the back of your head tightly, she pushes your head into her groin even more. Her thighs wrap around your head, locking you in that position while she squirms in pleasure and bliss. Even more juices flow from her slit than before, rewarding you with her sweet nectar.
Once her breathing slows and her climax passes, she kisses you quickly before eagerly undressing you, wanting to return the favor. With your cock in hand, she teases you by licking up and down your shaft, leaving quick kisses on your balls each time she reaches the base, before licking back to the head. After a couple minutes of this, she finally takes your head into her mouth. She skillfully uses her tongue to swirl around it the same way she did with your fingers earlier. Starting to bob her head, she slowly takes more and more of your cock into her mouth until she can't go any further. Pulling back and focusing on the head once more, she uses her other hand to go back and forth between gently massaging your balls and stroking your cock. Just like Kaitlyn, your intense level of arousal makes it difficult to hold back and you start to cum after just a few minutes. Telling Kaitlyn you're about to cum, she takes her mouth off of your cock and backs up, but keeps stroking you. She adjusts her position and aims your dick towards her chest, her glorious globes still peaking out of her red top.
"I want you to cover my slutty tits with your cum, baby. Do what all those guys in the restaurant wish they could do!" she encourages.
Those words push you over the edge instantly. You shoot ropes all over her cleavage while she continues stroking you, draining your cock as much as she can. She immediately starts scooping up the globs of cum off her shirt and breasts, not wanting it to soak in. Showing off her prize, she brings her hand up to her mouth and cleans her own hands off this time, eating as much of your cum as she could scavenge.
Still both overly aroused, you continue to mess around into the depths of the night. A couple rounds of very passionate sex later, you're both finally exhausted and emptied of all juices. Decide its time to sleep, you both prepare for bed, kissing each other once more before falling asleep.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning, the movers finally show up with all of your belongings. Since Kaitlyn's only shirt is covered in cum now, she wears one of your shirts while the movers are unloading everything from their trucks. After a few hours, everything is inside the house and you're all moved in.
Kaitlyn finds the box with her shirts in it and takes off your shirt to change into one of her own. She looks through the rest of the box, inspecting the shirts thoughtfully. She heads downstairs to find you on the couch in the living area.
"Hey, I was thinking. Would you like to go to the mall today and get me a bunch of new clothes? Ones that are more like that red one you got me? And maybe a couple that are even more skimpy than that?" she questions, already knowing what your answer will be.
"That'd be great, baby! I have a few things in mind already," you reply enthusiastically. In truth, you had a LOT in mind. You have been fantasizing about this for years. Even so, you know you have to limit yourself a great deal so that Kaitlyn can be slowly introduced to the slut life you wish for her to live.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heading to the mall and going into the first clothing store you find, you head to the women's section. As if it were meant to be, one of the first tops you find is very similar to the red one you gifted Kaitlyn and is exactly what you had in mind. It's the type of top that is perfect for slowly getting used to showing more and more skin, if that's your goal. This top is black, a couple inches shorter in length which will expose even more midriff. The neckline scoops down much further, enough that it would show off the entirety of Kaitlyn's cleavage and most likely show a little bit of the front side of her breasts as well. Showing interest in it, Kaitlyn stands by your side and looks at it with you. She bites her lip and makes a nervous looking face, clearly unsure about this shirt. You pick it up off the clothes rack anyway, suggesting that she at least tries it on.
Continuing to look around the store, you find a few other pieces of clothing you think Kaitlyn would look great in. One is a light green dress with thin shoulder straps, and doesn't seem long enough to go reach Kaitlyn's knees. The other two things you find are two long sleeve tops that are once again similar to the red and black tops, but both of these are even more revealing. One is light blue with a very wide V cut neckline, almost completely avoiding the shoulders. The second top is white and has a deep U cut neckline. Both tops are much shorter in length than the red and black tops, barely meant to reach below the breasts. Kaitlyn's entire stomach would be shown off in these shirts and a lot of cleavage would too. You can't help but imagine her turning heads and attracting eyes if she were to wear these in public. You feel your pants start to strain as your dick comes to life at the thought.
Again standing at your side admiring the clothes, Kaitlyn looks even more nervous about the dress and two tops.
"Oh my god, those are skimpy! I've never even considered buying anything like those in my life! I'd curl up in a corner if I had to wear those in front of other people!" she says.
"Baby, you're going to have to get used to wearing clothes like this if you want to explore any further into being slutty. Let's at least try them on here. No one else will see you. If we decide to get them, you won't have to wear them just yet. We can stick to the black top and keep moving as slowly as you're comfortable with," you comfort her.
"Okay, fine. Thank you," she says, actually finding that agreeable.
Picking up the dress and blue and white tops, you take the four pieces of clothing over to the dressing room. On the way over, Kaitlyn gets distracted by a phone call and walks away from you. You decide to keep looking around the store while you wait on her. Thinking it'd be a good idea to get a variety of new types of clothes for Kaitlyn, you head over to the bathing suit section. Options galore, almost the entire stock is full of things Kaitlyn would consider extremely slutty. As she only wears one piece, conservative bathing suits, the mostly bikini options would almost certainly be too much for her at this stage. You manage to find a couple with more coverage area than the rest, and you add them to the bottom of the pile of clothes in your hand.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kaitlyn returns from her phone call a couple minutes later, finding you wandering. Handing the pile of clothes to Kaitlyn, you manage to hide the bikinis tucked under your arm. She heads inside and starts changing. It only takes a couple of minutes and you hear the door click open.
Kaitlyn slowly opens the door and takes a couple small steps out of the dressing room, not wanting to risk being seen by anyone else just yet. She's wearing the first top you found, the shorter length black one. She looks incredible. The shirt is quite tight, pushing her breasts upwards and squeezing them together more than most shirts would. This makes her cleavage even deeper than her already big breasts normally present. You know she's wearing a thin cloth bra with little padding, as you saw her getting dressed this morning, and you realize its a good thing because if she had worn a thicker bra, the outline would be clearly shown through the tight shirt and would most likely be sticking out from the neckline, which Kaitlyn would not be comfortable with yet.
Kaitlyn is looking down at her own chest, obviously noticing how much the shirt is assisting her in presenting her beautiful round breasts. She adjusts the top slightly, just to get it more comfortable, not as an attempt to cover herself up. This adjustment adds a wiggle to her movement, making her pushed up breasts wobble slightly, expressing their naturalness. Kaitlyn looks up at you and finds you mesmerized by the sight, unable to divert your eyes from her tits. Unlike when she caught you looking in the car last night, she doesn't tell you to stop or cover herself up.
"Do they look good?" she asks, clearly meaning her breasts.
"They look incredible, Kaitlyn. YOU. You look incredible. Wow."
Giggling at how much you seem to be enjoying this, she does a little spin for you, putting her arms in the air. The spin gives you a great look at her ass too, filling out the tight jeans she's wearing quite nicely. This reminds you that you should also look around for some sluttier leg-wear. Once again, her breasts wobble as she stops moving. You notice the hem of the shirt has moved up even more from her raising her arms, so even more of her stomach is exposed. Kaitlyn feels the shifting of the shirt and quickly pulls it back down into place. Pulling a bit too hard, she pulls the shirt too far. Even more of her soft globes are exposed and you can see the top line of her thin tan bra. She embarrassingly corrects this, starting to blush as usual. She'll have to be careful with her movements when wearing this shirt if she doesn't want to show off too much.
"This one's definitely more slutty than the red one I already have, but I think I can handle it. I have to admit, my own jaw dropped a little bit when I saw how good I look in this in the dressing room mirror. And I know how much you love when I wear push-up lingerie, with how much movement they add to my already jiggly breasts!" she says, laughing at the thought of how much you love her tits. She has never completely understood the fascination, but after seeing herself in the mirror in this top, she understands it just that much more.
Returning to the dressing room, she changes once more. Coming out each time to give you a look, every time the door opens you see more and more skin. First changing into the blue top, The wide V neckline shows a small amount more cleavage than the red and black tops, but mostly exposes more of Kaitlyn's shoulders. The "shoulders" of the shirt wrap around the top outside part of her arms, meaning she has to be careful not to tuck her arms too far into her body or the sleeves will fall down her arms. She's not too comfortable with this shirt, but doesn't say no to it.
Changing again, she comes out in the white top. The U shape neckline drops very low, almost to the middle of the front of Kaitlyn's breasts. The majority of her chest is exposed. Because of the lack of length of the top, there is only about three to four inches from the lowest point of the neckline to the hem of the shirt. Her tan bra is peeking out from the neckline once again, even more than before. If she were to wear this in public, she'd have to wear a bra that she fully expected to be seen by others. The shirt isn't tight overall, so it doesn't push her breasts up like the black top, but its still more revealing. The hem of the shirt wraps snuggly around the underside of her bra and breasts, providing no wiggle room. If Kaitlyn were to lift her arms any amount above her shoulders, the shirt would ride up her chest and expose her bra from underneath. Stunningly sexy, you think.
"Um... this one is a bit much, don't you think?" she asks, expecting you to agree and provide some sympathy for how uncomfortable she'd be wearing this in front of others.
"No, it's perfect! I mean, you don't have to wear it in public just yet, but I think it's amazing! This top is a great example of what I fantasize you wearing on a regular. Of course, I still fantasize about you wearing sluttier and sluttier clothes, but even if you'd only be comfortable going as far as this shirt, I'd be the luckiest man in the world!" you explain, not giving her what she expected.
Kaitlyn can't hide her smile. Seeing how much you're enjoying her being naughty is quite funny to her, and it's slowly making her more and more comfortable with the whole thing. Even if no one else ever saw her wearing these clothes, just your reaction to her in them was enough to make her want to keep doing it. She's at the comfortability level now that she probably wouldn't ever wear anything more conservative than the red shirt from last night, even if she were to back out of this fantasy of yours.
She turns around again and heads back in to the dressing room to try on the last outfit, the green dress. It takes longer to change this time.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Babe! I don't know about this one. I think this is way too much for me! It shows about the same amount of my chest as the black top, but its very tight around my ass!", she complains, still inside the dressing room.
"Well, don't hide that from me! Let me see! No one else is around out here, the store is empty!" you encourage.
The door to the dressing room opens slowly, Kaitlyn peeking through the crack. She finally builds up the courage to walk out after seeing your expecting expression. The dress looks fantastic. Not very fancy, its an every day type of dress. One that typical college girls would wear. The length of the dress is shorter than you imagined, only coming half way down Kaitlyn's juicy thighs. Not concerned about the cleavage part of the dress, Kaitlyn nervously turns around. Sure enough, the dress is much tighter than you expected it to be when you picked it off the clothing rack. It shows off Kaitlyn's curvy and plump ass incredibly well, sticking tight to the outside curve. She moves slightly and her ass bounces wildly. You've always known she has a fairly big and bouncy ass, but because she mostly wears jeans or pants that don't emphasize her ass, you've only seen her ass this jiggly when she's naked. Its a completely different, teasing enhanced perspective to see it being supported by a tight dress. Its as if the dress is encouraging her ass to bounce more than usual.
Kaitlyn reaches around, feeling her ass in the dress with both hands. She tries to pull the bottom of the dress down further to cover up more of her legs, but it doesn't budge. She tests the dress by bending forward, wanting to see how far it would ride up her legs or ass. Giving you a dreamy view of her ass, the dress tightens even more, adding an even sexier outline to her curves. The dress rides up some, exposing another few inches of her thighs, but there's at least 4 more inches before the very bottom part of her ass would even consider being exposed. Satisfied with how much it shows off your gorgeous girlfriend, you wish she'd wear that out of the store. You know she wouldn't dare, though. Not yet anyway.
"Do girls actually wear stuff like this? How are they not concerned their ass and panties will be on full display?" she questions with genuine curiosity.
Laughing at her innocence as usual, you find it hysterical that she's asking a question like that in a dress that doesn't even come close to showing any part of her ass or panties. Not close by your standards, and not close by any experienced slut's standards either.
"Yes, Kaitlyn, a lot of girls wear dresses like that and shirts that show off way more than the ones you've tried on today. Believe it or not, a lot of girls enjoy dressing this way, because they find it naughty and sexy just like I do. They enjoy showing off. Not all of them want to expose their ass or panties, but some do. The sluttiest of the sluts do," you explain.
Kaitlyn seems to believe you and stands back upright. Asking what you think of the dress, you answer as expected. You know she won't wear it for awhile, but you'll go ahead and buy it. Maybe she'll be encouraged to wear it on her own if she sees it in her closet every day. Kaitlyn goes into the dressing room for the last time to change back into her regular clothes. Knowing you'll buy the dress even if she says she won't ever wear it, she doesn't even try.
Deciding it'd be best to wait until Kaitlyn is more comfortable with wearing revealing clothes before you go shopping for skimpier leg-wear, today's shopping is completed.
Heading to the registers, you somehow manager to distract Kaitlyn by the jewelry section, which she isn't normally interested in, while you go pay for the clothes. Scanning and bagging everything you picked out, including the two bathing suits Kaitlyn still hasn't noticed,
As you're about to finish, Kaitlyn walks over to you with a few pieces of jewelry in her hands. A couple fancy pairs of earrings and a few various necklaces in hand, she checks with you to make sure its okay for her to buy them. You approve, noting her slightly changing interests in her appearance.
Leaving the store and driving home, you bring up the idea of buying skimpier leg-wear in the future. Not mentioning any specific types, Kaitlyn is nervous for what you have in mind for her, but agrees that you should wait until she's more comfortable first.
Very happy with Kaitlyn's progress towards your biggest fantasy, you remember that it's only the second day of the journey. She has gotten comfortable with where she's at quicker than you had ever expected, but you know there's still a long long way to go until the farthest limits of your fantasy are reached. For now though, you couldn't be happier.