Authors Note: This is a fictional story and any resemblance to real life is strictly a coincidence. Some of my stories are related, but this is a stand alone story. It involves exhibitionism, teasing, bondage and cuckolding. If this isn't your thing, move along. Otherwise, enjoy.
My wife and I have been married for over 30 years. We married right out of high school and have a rock solid marriage and are best friends. Now that we are empty nesters, we have been becoming much more adventurous in our sex life. We decided as long as it was just sex and we told each other we could try some new and different things.
We were having some work done on our kitchen at our cabin. The cabinets, counter tops and kitchen sink were needing to be changed and I decided to hire a contractor to do the work. Not that I couldn't do the work, but I know in any renovation you always get more than you thought and I didn't feel like dealing with surprises. Our cabin is only thirty minutes from town so we decided to stay there for the week while the work was being done. I could just drive in every morning for work and my wife could stay and keep an eye on the contractors doing the job. While it is only thirty minutes from town, it is on a large plot of land without any other cabins real close and a lake. Not our own private lake, but our bay is very secluded and hardly anyone comes back there.
I googled home repair and contractors for my area and found one that had great reviews. Big Jim's Home repair was a five star rated company with a real good slogan. We may be small, but our results and satisfaction are big. With so many good reviews and a catchy slogan, how could I go wrong. I had them come out and give me a bid and I really liked the guy. He was about the same age as my wife and I and it was him and three other guys who just got tired of working for large companies and just wanted to be their own bosses. He was a large man, he a had little bit of a beer belly but he wasn't fat, just large, well over six feet and he was really nice. The price was right and we set the dates for the remodel. It wasn't much and he felt they would be done in five days no problem.
It was supposed to be a great week for weather, sunny and high 70's with light wind. The kind of weather I should have taken the week off of work for, but unfortunately I couldn't as I had meetings and things to attend to. Sometimes being the boss isn't always what it's cracked up to be. My wife would be there if they had any questions, but it was a straight forward job. Remove the old and replace with the new stuff that I had already purchased.
I stayed home on Monday morning until they arrived to make sure they showed up and to introduce them to my wife and let them know that she would be around if they had any questions. They showed up promptly at eight and were ready to get started. They said they would be here every day at eight to start, if that wasn't too early for my wife. She said that would be fine. She would have the coffee on for them. The other guys that worked with him were all nice and they appeared very clean and were eager to get to work. They all were very outgoing and very polite as well. My wife is the friendliest person on the planet, often times to the point that people misinterpret her friendliness as come ons. I have told her about this many times and she just laughs and says that's their problem, not mine.
She had come out to meet them wearing leggings and a t-shirt, which was just long enough to cover her ass. She is in her early fifties, but looks much younger. She is five feet seven, 140 pounds with real long toned legs, a great ass, a nice set of C cup tits and a smile that could melt an iceberg. She has a flirty side and sometimes she doesn't realize just how attractive she is to guys. Wearing the t-shirt and leggings just accentuates her attributes and then add in the fact that she is a constant people pleaser and it becomes really easy to see why men are always chatting her up and hitting on her, even though she doesn't believe me when I tell her that.
I headed off for work and said, "Call if you have any questions or need me to bring anything home."
When I got home at 5:30, Jim and the crew had already packed up and taken off for the day. My wife was sitting on the deck having a glass of wine and relaxing. It was still quite warm and the sun was shining, so that wasn't unusual. As I approached, I noticed she wasn't wearing her leggings anymore, but she did still have the same t-shirt on, which I hadn't realized this morning was quite light and you could see her nipples very easily as she wasn't wearing a bra. How did I not notice that this morning.
"Hi sweetie," she said. "The guys finished up the removal of the old stuff and decided to call it a day. It took them longer than they thought it would. There wasn't enough time to get started on the next phase so they sat out here on the deck with me for a little while before they left. They are so friendly and easy to talk to. It was nice having some company. I ended up having to help them with some anchor screws and then the clean up. Jim said they would be back tomorrow at eight."
"You had to help them? Shouldn't they have done all that themselves? I thought that was part of the bid?"
"Well, there were a lot of anchor screws that they couldn't reach. That's what slowed them down. They asked me if I could help, and of course I agreed. We took all the drawers out and then they realized that there were a lot of anchor screws holding the cabinets to the wall. Seeing as I am smaller than them, I offered to crawl in to the cabinets and unscrew them so they wouldn't damage the wall behind the cabinets. They said I didn't have to help them, but you know me, always the people pleaser and ready to help. So, I was on my hands and knees facing in to the cabinets undoing the anchor screws on all of the cabinets. Once they had them removed, I decided to vac the floor to make it easier for tomorrow. Their shop vac was awesome so I asked them if I could do the window sills. I had to get a chair and stand on it to reach the window sills, though. Big Jim stood behind me and held my legs so I wouldn't fall while I did those too. He said that the chair wasn't OSHA approved or something and didn't want me to get hurt. His hands are huge and with them on my thighs, I didn't slip or fall at all."
"I noticed you're not wearing your leggings anymore."
"Oh yeah, I took them off when I did that so I didn't get them dirty or rip them on something. It was Jim's idea as he said that could happen. Besides, I didn't really want to get them dirty as those are my favorites."
"It didn't occur to you that you would be showing off your ass to them when you crawled under the cabinets to undo the screws or stand on the chair? And I can see that you are only wearing a thong so I'm sure they got a nice show from you." I don't mind at all when she shows off like that. I think she is gorgeous and like when she shows off and teases me and other guys, and she knows that.
"You're so funny. It was nothing like that. I was just helping them as they couldn't reach. They never said a word about it, and besides, I had my shirt on so I'm sure it was covered. Although, I suppose they probably did get a good look at my ass as I was under the cabinets. I suppose they probably got a look up my shirt too, now that I think of it. I guess I never thought about it. I just wanted to help out and get it done. Nothing I can do about it now."
"Anyway, after I did the windows I asked if they could carry their shop vac to the pontoon so I could clean that as well. They ran an extension cord and carried it out there for me. They joined me on the tooner after they finished cleaning up their mess while I worked my ass off in the sun cleaning the boat. I offered them each a beer as it was quitting time and they accepted. So they were each relaxing and having a beer while I was on my hands and knees using the shop vac on the carpeting. I didn't realize the boat could get that dirty, but when you are down on your hands and knees you can really see the dirt. I also washed the canopy on it as well. I stood on the benches and Jim held my legs again to make sure I didn't fall overboard. It's nice and clean now."
She stood up and started walking towards the door, "I should go take a shower and get this dirt and sweat off of me. Would you like to join me?" As she did that, she removed her dirty t-shirt and thong and hung them up on the rail as she went in to the house.
"Of course I would. Let me get out of these work clothes and I'll join you in the shower."
By the time I got out of my clothes and joined her, she had already shaved her legs and washed herself. I noticed that she had shaved a little more than usual on her pussy and it only caused me to become more aroused.
"Judging by your hard on, I see you liked my story and the fact that I was showing off to those guys all day. Do you like when I tease and show off like that?"
"Yes, actually I do. I have told you numerous times that men find you very attractive and when you do stuff like that it really turns them on. You should be careful though, one of these days you may take it too far and have to actually deal with someone who won't take no for an answer."
"Oh honey, you are so funny."
She rubbed the soap on her hands and started to rub me all over and got me real sudsy. When she was squatting down in front of me, she took my cock in her mouth and started to give me a little oral stimulation. She usually doesn't like to do that and I was really enjoying it. As she could sense I was getting close, she backed off and turned around and said, "Why don't you slip it in and fuck me right here. I am so horny telling you what I did today, I just need it right now."
I stepped up and slid it right in her. It didn't take long for me and I was surprised that she was able to get there as well. She normally doesn't like shower sex, but she was insatiable and couldn't have me pound her hard enough, even after I came. Fortunately she didn't last much longer and I brought her over the edge too.
On Tuesday morning, we were up early as she wanted to make sure the coffee was ready for them when they arrived. There was Big Jim, Harry, and two younger guys, Juan and Louis. As she was getting the coffee ready, I noticed that she was still in the shirt she slept in. Normally she sleeps bottomless, but I noticed she had put a thong on at least. As she was walking around the kitchen, I also noticed that she hadn't put her bra on yet. Whenever she would reach for something, like to fill the pot with water from the refrigerator, or pour it in the back of the coffee maker, she was giving me a great show of her ass as she would raise her arms to do those tasks causing her shirt to rise up her thong covered ass.
"You may want to put your bra on and maybe something more than just a thong. I can see them coming up the drive and whenever you move, I can see everything."
"Oh honey, you're so funny. They won't even notice. But if it will make you happy, I'll go put on some shorts." With that, she headed off down the hall to the bed room to change. I could tell by her attitude that she was going to be real flirty and show them a lot today. I don't mind when she gets like this. We have a rock solid marriage and if she wants to show off and tease some guys, the more the merrier.
Big Jim and the guys came up to the camp and we talked about how much they got done yesterday. He felt that they were ahead of schedule and should have no problem finishing up by the weekend so we could use the kitchen again. They had to set the new cabinets and counter top and then let the adhesive set overnight and then attach the pipes and sealant on the counter top and they would be done.
While we were talking on the deck, Jim noticed my wifes thong and t-shirt on the railing. He said nothing, but I could see him looking at them intently.
"I have an early meeting tomorrow so I won't be here. I'll leave the door open and Julie will be here. You'll just have to let yourself in."
My wife came back in to the kitchen and I couldn't even tell she was wearing any shorts as the t-shirt was longer than the shorts, and she still wasn't wearing a bra. I gave her a confused look and she lifted her t-shirt to show me that she did indeed have on a pair of her shortest shorts. Satiny jogging type shorts with high cuts on the sides to show off her upper thighs and even her hips. I kissed her goodbye as she walked over to the guys and asked who needed some coffee to get the day started. All four eagerly said yes as they couldn't take their eyes off her.
She went over to the refrigerator, she had stored the coffee mugs on top, and reached up to grab a mug for herself and four more for the guys only grabbing one at a time to make sure they got good looks at her ass. Every time she reached up, her t-shirt would ride up and show off the beautiful curve of her lower ass which was hanging out of her shorts. When she turned around, she could tell that all of them had been staring at her.
"Would anyone like some cream or sugar in their coffee? I think it is still in the grocery bag over here on the floor."
As she bent down to check for the sugar, they got a great show of her ass, which was barely covered and when she bent over, what little material there was for shorts rode up her cheeks nicely and her t-shirt slid up and gave them a nice shot of her breasts from underneath as well.
When I got home on Tuesday, my wife was sitting on the deck again having a glass of red wine.
"Hey sweetie! How was your day? I had to help them secure the new cabinets today. I had to crawl in on my hands and knees again to reach the back and use the screw gun to attach them. After they got it secured and leveled, I got a chair and cleaned up the back splash portion of any dust that had settled from all the commotion, just like yesterday. Thank God big Jim held me again as it was harder today to clean the sills as I needed to use a wet cloth with cleaning solution as the vac wouldn't get it done and I had to stretch over the counter to reach the windows. Different kind of dust I guess."
"Is that why you aren't wearing shorts? I'm pretty sure you were wearing them, although I use the term loosely, before I left."
"Oh yeah. Big Jim said the construction dust is really hard to get out of those type of shorts so I decided to take them off so they wouldn't get ruined. Don't worry, I kept my shirt on. They didn't even notice. I'm sure they would have said something if they felt uncomfortable. All four of them were in helping clean today. and it went quickly."
"And in the process, you flashed them your ass again all day. I should talk to him and see if he'll give me some money off for the show you're putting on. You should be a little more careful with your friendliness and willing to help. It might get you in trouble some day. I noticed the grass is cut as well."
"Yep. After I got the dust cleaned up, I had so much energy that I decided to cut the grass. Now that you mention it, I don't remember putting my shorts back on before I did that. I just went out and started the mower and cut the grass. They spent the afternoon on the deck watching me cut the grass as they had reached another stopping point. I offered them a few beers as it was so hot in the camp and the adhesive smelled terrible. They didn't seem to mind watching me as I cut the grass and they drank a couple of beers waiting for the adhesive to dry. All they have left to do tomorrow is apply the sealant, let it dry and lay the piping for the sink and they will be done. Anyway, I got really sweaty and should probably take another shower. Are you going to join me again?"
She got up off the chaise lounge deck chair and walked towards the door again. She stopped in front of me as she noticed the bulge in my pants and as she removed her clothes said, "I see you enjoyed today's adventures as well. Don't wait so long this time and you can suds me up before we fuck in the shower again. When I think about today, I get very horny."
I wasted no time in joining her this time. I wasn't going to miss an opportunity to soap her up and rub her down everywhere. As we were cleaning each other, she asked, "Do you think I should shave all the hair off my pussy?"
This has been something I have been trying to get her to do for years, so naturally I said, "Yes! I think you will like how sensitive you will be and enjoy it more."
"Very well, but first I need to feel you in me." She turned around and let me take her from behind again.
When we were done, she lathered her pussy up and shaved off the little remaining hair from yesterday.
I had never seen her like that before and couldn't keep my hands off her. She was really enjoying the attention and did agree that it was much more sensitive. To the point that she had me get down on my knees in the shower and eat her out. She normally doesn't like that, but she said it felt so amazing and didn't stop me this time. Without warning, she had a huge orgasm and rode it to completion.
As we were toweling off, she was applying lotion everywhere on both of us. It felt really good and was very erotic watching her apply it to her long legs, bald pussy and big boobs. As she was doing that she said, "you were right. It is much more sensitive and that felt sooooo good."
"I have an early morning meeting tomorrow, can you get up and welcome them? Are you going to be a tease again tomorrow? It seems to get you very aroused."
"Sure, not a problem, and yes I plan on teasing them again and it does get me aroused."
"Be careful, you may push it too far with those guys and they may not take no for an answer."
"I'm just teasing them. They are really nice and I don't think they would do that. But... if they do, I'm ok with that too."
I was up and gone early as I had a meeting. My wife Julie, forgot to set her alarm and slept past the time she was supposed to wake. As she rolled over, she noticed that it was 9:30. She realized that she had overslept and panicked and needed to hustle out and apologize to the guys for not having the coffee ready. She quickly peaked out the window and couldn't see their work truck parked where they usually parked it.
"Odd," she thought. "I have some time before they get here so I will get the coffee going and everything will be fine."
She didn't bother putting on any bottoms and after hitting the bathroom just walked out to the kitchen in her white tank top and no bottoms. The shirt only covered half of her ass as she walked, but with them not being there yet time was of the essence. The cooler morning air felt good on her freshly shaven pussy. She wasn't quite awake yet and hadn't noticed that the coffee maker was already on. As she leaned on the edge of the counter to try and gather her senses, she realized that the counter top was wet and very sticky. As she tried to pull her hands back they didn't move and she realized she was stuck. She woke completely at this point and then realized that she could smell coffee, so someone had started it already. She realized they must be here somewhere.
She thought, "I need to get unstuck in a hurry before they come back." She tried pulling her hands harder and shaking herself and instantly knew there was no way she was getting loose without help.
Just then, the door opened and big Jim, Harry and Juan walked in.
"Well, good morning sleepy head. We were wondering if you were going to join us today. We had to make our own coffee. I see you're inspecting the counter top. We applied the sealer this morning right when we got here, it should be almost dry by now, I hope you didn't touch it. It gets real sticky right before it dries, but then it is fine."
Jim noticed that Julie was wearing a tank top today, not her usual t-shirt. He also noticed that it was even shorter and really highlighted her long toned legs and nice ass, which was only half covered. As Jim got to the sink, he turned to see what Julie was doing and at that point he could see that one of her boobs had popped out the side of her tank top from her trying to unstick her hands earlier. Julie hadn't noticed.
She was nervous and scared. "I didn't know you were here and I wasn't awake yet. I must have slept trough my alarm and didn't hear you at all. I leaned on the edge to try and wake up and got stuck. Please get me unstuck."
Jim walked over to her and casually reached to her tank top and covered her exposed breast. Julie was so embarrassed and turned red instantly. She then said, "Thank you for covering me up. I didn't know that had popped out. It must've happened when I was trying to free myself."
Big Jim acted not happy and said angrily, "You just cost us at least an hour of work. Now we will have to reapply the sealant and let it re-set. Shit. Maybe if we get you out quickly it won't ruin the whole thing."
"I am so sorry. I was coming out to get the coffee going so it would be ready when you got here," Julie said almost in tears.
He calmed down as he could see she was very scared and he wasn't helping. "Well, let's see what we can do to get you unstuck. It's really not a big deal. We can still finish up today. We will just need to re-apply the sealant and let it dry."
She calmed down immediately and felt that they indeed would be able to get her unstuck. "Thank you for being understanding."
Big Jim moved in behind her and grabbed her around the waist and started to gently pull her away from the counter top. It happened so quickly that she had forgotten that she wasn't wearing any bottoms and she would be completely exposed the more he pulled her away from the counter as her tank top would ride all the way up her ass. Her hands didn't move at all and she started to squeal as it hurt if he pulled too hard. In the process, he had pulled her in to a bent over position a full arms length away from the counter top. Julie dropped her head as she knew she was indeed stuck and wasn't sure how they were going to get her off the counter.
When he stepped back to reassess the situation, Julie's tank top had slid up over her ass and all three of them now got a clear shot at her naked pussy and ass. Julie didn't realize that they were all standing there staring at her as she was wallowing in self pity and despair. Jim's voice broke her out of her trance and she hurriedly tried to stand straight up to have her tank top drop back down and at least cover some of her ass. Big Jim instantly grabbed her and wouldn't allow her to stand straight up.
"I don't remember that being bald yesterday. I was close enough several times that I would have noticed that. Did you shave yourself over night? Did you do that hoping this would happen today?" He held her in the bent over position so they could all see her beautifully shaved pussy.
Julie was trying to squirm and stand up, which would have dropped her shirt back down to cover her ass and pussy, but Jim wouldn't let her. He was just too strong and there was no way she was going to win that struggle. Truth be told, this is exactly what she hoped would happen. She hadn't planned on getting stuck to the counter top, but she definitely had planned on being adventurous today.
"No! What are you talking about? I just overslept and got stuck on the counter. I didn't mean to get stuck and I certainly didn't think you guys were here. Otherwise I would have put clothes on."
"You've been teasing us all week. Who walks around all day in a thong and t-shirt with contractors around? You wanted us to get all horned up hoping we would do something stupid and you could get the job done for free. We're nice guys, but not that nice. The only thing that will work to get you unstuck is paint thinner. And guess what, the paint thinner is in my truck and Louis took my truck in to town to get the plumbing supplies. He just left and there is no cell signal out here so I guess you are stuck for at least an hour until he gets back." His tone changed and he continued, "Whatever shall we do until then? Let's see, a beautiful woman is glued to the counter top almost naked, in a very provocative position and three horny guys. It's almost as if you planned this."
"What?! No! I said it was an accident. Please, this isn't what I wanted to happen. Really, I'm serious." However, her body was starting to betray her as big Jim could see her pussy was getting wet, especially with no hair to hide that fact. She knew as this was starting to play out that she was actually going to enjoy this as this is really what she did want to happen.
"You've been teasing us all week and now it is time to make good on those teases. First things first. I said we have an almost naked woman in a provocative position. Let's get her completely naked and see where it goes from there. We've seen your ass a lot, and it is very nice by the way, but now we need to see your tits." Big Jim stepped up and took out his utility knife and carefully cut off her tank top and let it fall to the floor leaving her completely naked to their gazes.
Julie put up a little bit of a struggle but with her hands stuck to the counter there really wasn't much she could do, other than protest. But even though she was protesting outwardly, inwardly, she couldn't wait to be taken by these three men. This was indeed what she had hoped for and wanted to do today, just not being stuck to the counter. She wanted to participate, even control the situation, but now she would be taken no matter what she wanted. And, she would be taken how they wanted to take her.
"Harry is happily married and the only thing he will do is accept a blow job. Fortunately for you, the counter top has now dried and he can sit right in front you on the counter and you can take care of him."
"Oh no, I don't do blowjobs. You can all fuck me, but I will not give a blowjob. I don't even suck my husband off, that's why I got married." Julie knew this was probably not going to stop the inevitable, but she did not like giving head at all.
Harry said, "Well, you will today or you will find yourself just like this with cum dripping out of you when your husband comes home today. Good luck explaining that. Remember, we are the ones who know how to get you unstuck."
Harry took off his clothes and sat on the counter top right in front of Julie. She was very adamant that she didn't want to suck him off and would do everything she could to get out of it.
"Seriously. I don't give blowjobs. You can do anything else. I'll even let you cum in my ass, please no blowjobs." She tried turning her head away, lifting up so his dick wasn't right in front of her. She even tried getting closer to the counter.
"We can do anything else we want any way. And yes, we probably will fuck you in your ass too before we leave. But for now, I want my cock in your mouth." Harry grabbed her head and started to push it towards his eagerly awaiting cock. He was much stronger and there was no way she could turn her head away anymore.
Big Jim decided that he had seen enough and grabbed her by the hips and pulled her away from the counter top causing her to be bent over and her face to drop right down to Harry's cock. It wasn't too big, it was just very hairy. My wife doesn't like hair and it is a big turnoff for her. However, again given the situation, she was really starting to get aroused. Bound and being forced to suck a hairy dick was very arousing to her indeed, today.
Jim smacked her across her left ass cheek leaving a big red stinging hand print. This caused her to yelp and open her mouth. Harry saw his opportunity and slid his hairy cock right in to her mouth. She tried to pull back but was only able to go so far with her hands stuck. She tried to stand up, but Jim wouldn't let her move forward so she could get Harry out of her mouth. There was no way out at this point and try as she might, Harry wasn't going to let her off.
Jim started to rub her ass to ease the sting and slowly started working his hand between her legs and rubbing over her pussy. "I see this is getting wet. I knew we were right and you wanted this. Now we are going to use you however we want and you are going to give us a five star review just like the rest of the housewives we have worked with. How do you think we get those five star reviews? Lonely housewives give great reviews."
Without warning he smacked her on her other ass cheek to give her a matching red stinging handprint. Julie does not like the rough stuff, but with her hands stuck to the counter, a cock deep in her mouth and a mountain of a man holding her still, there wasn't much she could about it. Big Jim then rubbed that one to ease the sting as well.
Meanwhile, Juan had moved to the side of her and was playing with her nipples. Julie could no longer resist what was happening and let out a soft moan which was picked up on by all three of the men. Juan pinched her nipples a little harder, which caused her to wince and slide backwards ever so slightly. This little movement caused Jim's fingers to slide right in to her now sopping pussy. Julie almost came right then and there. She now started to move more freely and was fucking Jim's fingers with her movements, which caused her to now give Harry the attention he desperately needed on his hairy cock.
While she didn't like giving blowjobs. Especially on hairy cocks like Harry's, she knew what men liked and was sucking and bobbing for all she was worth. Big Jim was now full blown fingering her pussy trying to bring her to her own orgasm while Juan was pinching and pulling her nipples. Harry tensed up and held Julie's head tight to his crotch as he started to cum. There was no way he wasn't going to have her swallow his load. She gagged a little as she is not used to doing this, but fought through it and started to suck and swallow for all she was worth. Harry didn't stop coming until he filled her up with his load.
Julie hadn't done that in awhile and was a bit rusty, but she managed to swallow everything. Just as Harry was pulling out, big Jim had an idea. "Seeing as you didn't come yet, I have an idea that you will probably enjoy. Juan, get up on the counter where Harry was and have her suck you off too. I don't think she will need as much coaxing this time as she has accepted her position. Harry, grab me the small c clamps from the toolbox. I'm going to attach them to her nipples and you can eat her out and return the favor and give her an orgasm before I take her."
Juan didn't waste any time getting out of his clothes and was trying to get on the counter in front of Julie.
She wasn't really looking forward to doing that again and was trying to prevent Juan from getting on the counter. Jim saw that and smacked her on both ass cheeks again. That got her attention and she immediately complied and let Juan get on the counter. Jim didn't rub her ass this time to ease the sting away.
Harry brought the c clamps back. They were not the big ones, just ones that were about an inch. Jim held them in front of Julie and said, "These are the micro ones. They are very adjustable and not very heavy. However, they will provide you with a little stimulation so Juan can focus on his blowjob instead of having to play with your nipples. I won't put them very tight, just tight enough so they hang and pull your nipples. If I see you not giving Juan the type of blowjob he deserves, I will tighten them and add some weight, which will cause you more pain than pleasure. Do you understand?"
Julie wasted no time and immediately took Juan into her mouth and started to work feverishly.
"Good. I see you understand."
Jim got under Julie and started to pull her nipples so the c clamps would have a little to bite and started to tighten them. She let out a little wimper as the first one was set and then he did the same with the other one. He gently tugged on each to make sure they wouldn't come off, which they didn't, and he said, "There you go. Enjoy the attention and don't forget about my buddy Juan."
Which Julie hadn't. She was pumping her head as vigoursly as she could, given her situation, and sucking for all she was worth.
As she was doing that, Harry brought a chair over and sat right behind her and was rubbing her bald pussy with his hands. She responded by trying to push herself back to get more stimulation and contact, but Harry was teasing her relentlessly and wouldn't quite let her get enough.
She separated from Juan just long enough to say, "Please Harry, stick your fingers in, your tongue, anything. Just let me come!" She immediately went back to Juan and took him deep into her throat.
Harry started to lean in and gave her pussy a little kiss and a lick. Julie moaned right through Juan's cock and her knees buckled a little. She was hoping he would push her right over the edge, but he didn't. Harry slowed down and just lightly rubbed her outer lips and caressed her ass as he watched how she was doing on Juan. He was pleased with what he saw so he inserted two fingers into her bald pussy and rubbed up and down. Julie was almost there, two more strokes and she would explode. Harry knew it and pulled his fingers out, causing her to wimper, before she could cum.
Juan was getting close and was starting to hump her mouth. Jim liked what he saw. His boys were being treated right and this house wife was being treated how she wanted to as well. Then, without warning, Juan held her tight to his crotch and shot spurt after spurt of his hot juice down Julie's throat. She didn't waste any of it and didn't fight it this time either. She was wanton with lust and would've sucked and swallowed anything. She kept sucking until everything had been drained from his cock.
Julie then started to beg for her own orgasm. Harry responded with a light touch on her pussy and a slight rub over her anus. He gently licked her pussy, only once, and then big Jim spoke.
She hadn't noticed, but Jim was stripping right next to her while this was going on. He moved closer to the counter so Julie could see him and said, "Now, this is what is going in to your pussy. This is the reason I am called Big Jim."
He held in his hand the largest and fattest cock that Julie had ever seen. He laid it over her arm so she could get a closer look at it. She couldn't believe what she was seeing.
"There is no way that is going in me. Are you kidding? You will split me in two!"
"It will and it won't. It will go in and it won't split you. This is how we get our five star reviews. In fact, we even get a lot of repeat business and referrals from it. It's just a matter of time. Why don't you go ahead and lick the pre cum off the tip. I'm told I taste good."
Julie tentatively turned her head and started to lick the drool off the tip and underside. It wasn't easy as she was still stuck to the counter, but she did the best she could. In her heightened state, she would do anything to get over the edge and have an orgasm. "Yes, you do taste good."
Harry was still rubbing the outside of her bald pussy, but he wouldn't insert anything or rub too hard to give her full satisfaction. He was driving her crazy and she was now really starting to slurp the goo coming out of Jims cock. Without warning, Harry inserted a finger into her dripping pussy and got it nice and wet. he didn't waste time there though as he pulled it out almost immediately and slid the lubricated digit right in Julie's anus. She let out a moan and pushed her ass back to try and get some stimulation, but Harry was too smart and kept pulling it back just as she was trying to fuck his finger with her ass.
"Please finish me!!!" she begged. "I need something in my pussy right now to finish me. I'm begging you. For fucks sake someone please fuck me!"
"That's what I needed to hear," said big Jim as he walked around behind her and took up a position so he could enter her.
She was whimpering and whining waiting for him to penetrate her. But he didn't. Instead, big Jim just slowly rubbed his horse cock up and down her slit, making sure not to get too close to her clit. He knew she was on the verge and he didn't want to bring her over quite yet. He wanted to pound her hard from behind for the teasing she had given them the past two days.
"Please put it in! You're driving me crazy and I just want to cum!"
"Oh, but you said it wouldn't fit and it would split you in half. I'm just rubbing the tip on the outiside for me. I can get off this way. I'll just spray all over your ass and back. I really think that would be best."
Julie couldn't handle it any longer. She needed to feel that monster cock in her now and she let him know, "Fuck it! Fuck it hard! Put that cock in me right now!"
Jim, having done this many times before, didn't ram it home like she was expecting, but rather slid it in nice and slow so she could feel every inch as he entered her.
He couldn't get all the way in on the first attempt, but he did get far enough to cause Julie's eyes to roll back in her head. "Oh my God! That is so huge. I can't believe how far in you are."
"Baby, I'm only half way. You still have a ways to go til my balls are hitting your clit. When I get that deep, you will know you have been with big Jim."
He withdrew to give her a little break. He worked just the tip for a little bit. This movement caused her to sway back and forth. She had been still for awhile and forgot about the tiny c clamps he attached to her nipples, until then. With the movement and the weight, she felt them immediately. Not too painful, but certainly enough to know they were there and weren't going to let go of her nipples any time soon.
After a few short thrusts, Jim started pushing in again. This time he was not going to stop and was going get his balls to her clit. She deserved that. She has been teased and tormented for awhile now and he felt it was time for her to have an orgasm. He was relentless as he pushed past how deep he was last time. Julie was in heaven, and hell. She had never been penetrated that far before and it was slightly uncomfortable, but she didn't really have a say in that anymore. Her husband was right, she had teased these guys to a point that no was not acceptable to them.
Just as she was about to ask Jim to stop, he stopped. He had reached bottom. His balls rested softly on Julie's clit and she could feel an orgasm real close. She was now starting to push back to get just a little more contact and get over the edge. Jim sensed this and pulled back just enough so his balls weren't resting on her clit.
"You bastard! Please just finish me off! I'm begging you. I'll give you your five star review. I'll give you referrals, I know a lot of house wives. Hell, I think I even have some work to be done at the house. Just please fuck me til I cum!"
Jim knew he had her where he wanted her and the warmth and tightness of her pussy had him too. He couldn't hold out any longer and started to fuck her. He didn't quite go all the way balls deep yet, just enough to keep her on edge and to get him closer. The movement was really causing the c clamps to sway with the pumping and Julie's nipples were tingling like they had electricity going through them.
After several minutes of this, Jim slid his cock all the way home so his balls would hit her clit. That was it. That was all Julie needed to get over the edge. With all the teasing she had gotten over the past hour she exploded with her largest orgasm she can ever remember. As she was trembling with her orgasm, her knees buckled and she would have fallen down if it weren't for the large cock deep inside her. Jim, realizing what was happening, picked up the pace and started to pound her all the way deep and hard. He needed to get over the top as well, and it wouldn't take long. Julie was still in the throws of her orgasm when Jim exploded with his. He pumped deep and hard one last time and let loose his load. Julie could feel jet after jet as he pumped his load deep in her pussy. This just allowed her to ride her orgasm even longer.
As Jim was slowly disengaging his cock, Louis walked in through the door. "What did I miss? Oh boy, looks like I missed a lot. I hope there's some left for me."
"Please no, I can't take anymore. Please get the paint thinner and get me unstuck and I'll give you a hand job. I promise you will like it."
Juan headed out to the truck to get the paint thinner, but Louis wasn't willing to accept that and took Jim's place directly behind Julie. He started rubbing his cock up and down her slit, causing Julie to try and stand and move forward to avoid the contact on her bald and sensitive pussy.
Jim reached under her and gently tugged on the c clamps still attached to her nipples to get her attetion. "This was your idea and I don't think it would be fair if Louis didn't get to cum inside of you too. It wasn't his fault he had to get the plumbing supplies."
Louis wasn't waiting for her to answer as he slid his cock up and started to slowly push it in to her anus. He was gentle, but insistent and was moving in and out to make it even easier for Julie to take it. This caused the clamps on her nipples, which were pulling them ever so constantly toward the ground, to swing and do what they were supposed to do. The electric feeling in her nipples started again and by the time Louis got all the way in, his balls were resting on her bald and sensitive pussy and Julie was now pushing back trying to get more stimulation so she could cum again.
After several minutes, Louis had picked the pace up to the point that he was pounding her for all he was worth. Julie was full on in to it as well and doing everything she could to get both of them off. The clamps tugging on her nipples and the cock in her ass and balls slapping her pussy and clit pushed her over the top quickly. Her orgasm, the contraction of her ass and the moaning and and heavy panting, caused Louis to get over the top as well. He pushed in real deep one last time and shot his load deep in her bowels. Julie felt pulse after pulse coating her insides.
As they were both coming down and regathering themselves. Juan came back in and announced, "The paint thinner isn't in the truck. Is there any other way we can get her unstuck?"
"It's on the porch. We used it after applying the sealant to clean the gear, remember?" Louis said as he pulled his now limp cock from her ass.
"You mean it has been here all the time and you guys could have gotten me unstuck first thing?" said Julie.
Big Jim came back in with it and said, "Yep, here it is. Oh well, nothing we can do about it now except get you unstuck." He applied it to where her hands had been stuck and after about a minute, Julie's hands came free. "Look at that. Didn't even leave a mark on the counter top. But then again we knew that would happen. Do you think this is the first time we've had a woman get herself glued to a counter top?"
As my wife stood there naked and full of cum in front of these guys she said, "That was wonderful and exactly what I needed today. You will definitely get a five star review and some references. Hell, I may even have you guys do some more work at our house. I've never had a breakfast like that before, a full belly, pussy and ass is a great way to start the day."
Jim said, "We'll finish the plumbing and clean up."
"I need to take a shower and clean myself up as well. Thanks guys and the work looks great, especially the pipes you laid."
When I got home that night, Julie was sitting on the deck again drinking another glass of wine. But this time she wasn't in her skimpy t-shirt showing lots of skin. Instead she was wrapped in just a towel.
"Hi sweetie. How was your day?"
"Great. Did they finish up today and did they meet your expectations?"
"Oh yes, they certainly did. They laid the pipes today and finished very nicely. Let me tell you about it."
I stood next to her and she undid my pants and started to tell me what happened. By the time she finished telling me her story, I was ready to explode as she was gently stroking my now fully erect cock. The towel had come undone and she was sitting on our deck completely naked stroking my cock.
"I want to fuck you so bad, but I hurt everywhere and I have two loads in my belly. I will have to finish you with just my hand. Sorry." She didn't give me any warning and pumped real fast and finished me off right there on the deck having me shoot my load all over her exposed tits.
"I'll let you write the review, seeing as you were the one who enjoyed their pipe laying abilities. Now that you mention it, all of their reviews were done by women."