I was married to my Jane in our early twenties. Right after high school I joined my father's business in plumbing and we were usually doing some contracting work on new residence blocks, subcontracting on larger multistorey ones or repairs of our local area houses. The supplies were provided by the local store. Jane was working as a clerk at the store and I had the hots for her ever since I laid my eyes upon. She was twenty at the time also interested in me and made it clear every time I visited the store We began dating more often. As we grew closer I found my self falling head over heels hopelessly in love with her. I should tell you that Jane has chestnut long hair with green eyes. She is now forty eight years old and still build very well for a woman who has raised three children. She measures 32B- 25-34 a tiny woman shaping a pure white flesh with small perky breasts that have large dark nipples. I was twenty four (now fifty two) with full dark brown hair and my eyes are still brown. I kept my self fit throughout the years and by no means a muscular body but still a nice shape.
My wife. Jane, was a pretty conservative woman. Our sex together was good, but conventional some foreplay and then I would roll on top. Whenever I mentioned trying something new, she would always say that things were fine and why mess with it. After the arrival of the children our love sessions reduced to a few times per month late at night as I had to lock the bedroom door and secure that the children were deep sleeping. Now that they are all grown up they have gone their separate ways. Our elder daughter now mere twenty seven is living in another state with her boyfriend who she met through college. Our first son now who is twenty five has joined the marines and is out there on a mission and our third son who just turned twenty one last July, finished college and like his father did, has joined my plumbing business and lives in a small apartment that his granddad wrote on his name.
As our apartment became an empty nest I hoped that it was a time for a change in our sex life and a new start to our marriage so I surprised my wife with a second holiday in the season. It was early September and I booked us a motel near the lake we visited for our honey moon. Still although we both were happy with the memories that were brought back the sex remained the same and still my wife refused to try anything different. The last night at the motel was a real eye opener. We had gone to dinner and then stopped in the lounge for a couple of drinks. It must have been about midnight when we headed back to our room.
The motel was a pretty standard one with rooms opening off a common balcony/walkway. As we passed one room after another, one in particular caught my eye. The curtains were not completely closed and there was a light on. When I stopped to look, I couldn't believe what I saw! On the bed. Right in front of the window. A man and a woman were wrapped around each other so that each had a mouth at the other's crotch. I was stunned as I saw the woman's head slowly move up and down her partner's hard cock. At the same time, he was using his tongue to swab the length at her vagina.
My wife, who had kept on walking, noticed that I stopped and came back to see what I was doing. I was so hypnotized by what i was seeing that I didn't even realize she was there until I heard her sharp intake of breath. Glancing over to see her reaction, l was surprised to see her staring at the scene with as much interest as I had. Her tongue was wetting her lips and she was breathing faster. I could see the points of her nipples starting to harden and push up against the cotton fabric of her T-shirt. As I watched. She started to shift her weight from foot to foot, rubbing her thighs together.
I turned back to the scene in the room. The woman was sucking on the cock for all she was worth, using her hand to play with his balls. He was stabbing into her pussy with his tongue, using one of his fingers to tease and dip into her asshole. It was a good thing they were as occupied as they were because if either of them opened their eyes. They would have been staring right at us.
Realizing that anyone might see us there. I tried to move my wife along. She didn't want to budge and it took some strength for me to tug her along the walkway. When we got back to our room she just stripped off her shorts, fell back on the bed and said, "Eat me." This was from my wife who not only wasn't a big fan of oral sex, but certainly never used language like that. I didn't stop to wonder why, simply dove into the dish displayed before me. I've always thought that my wife has a beautiful pussy. She has so heavy an apron of dark brown pubic hair that when you discover the wet, shiny pinkness in the middle, it almost smiles at you. I was amazed at how wet she was. Wet probably isn't the word, for she was literally running with cum juice. I lapped it up as fast as i could, but still wound up with it smeared all over my face and her thighs. It didn't take too long before Jane was coming and coming hard. Her thighs tensed, her stomach muscles rippled, and her hips bounced up and down. The spasms had barely stopped before she was pulling on my hair, tugging my body up on top of hers. She almost ripped my slacks trying to get my hardon out, but managed to grab hold and guide it into that sopping wetness. I came twice without ever getting soft. Both of us were so exhausted from this unaccustomed sexual activity that we fell into a sound sleep. In the fresh light of morning, neither one of us said anything about the activities of the previous evening.
I thought that was it. One passing moment of sexual spontaneity. How wrong I was. About a week later I had to work late at the ofﬁce. When I got home, about ten, l was surprised to find the apartment dark. L walked through the living room without turning on the lights and almost tripped over Jane. She was sitting cross legged on the floor in front of our sliding glass doors. She had my binoculars in one hand and was using her other hand to rub her crotch. To top it all off, she was stark naked. It wasn't until i almost fell over her that Jane realized l was there. She quickly jumped up and ran into the bedroom. When I followed, asking what was going on, she at first refused to talk about it. Finally, she broke down and told me all.
She explained how turned on she had been by what we saw at the motel. When we returned home she realized that the same opportunity for viewing existed in our own apartment. We live opposite a thirty-story apartment building. Since we are on the twentieth floor of our building, we have a pretty good perspective on the whole side facing us. Jane had been getting out of bed after I had fallen asleep and using the binoculars to scan the apartment windows hoping to find something worth watching. She admitted that every night had brought some scene into focus. All this viewing was so amusing that she had been playing with herself to get some relief.
After she ﬁnished her story she looked at me to see my reaction. A great look of relief passed over her face when she saw that l was smiling. When she saw the lump that was forming in my lap. She also knew that she had found a compatriot. I suggested that we both strip down again and take a look at the view together. Jane was happy as a child with a new toy as she quickly stripped off her robe and grabbed the binoculars. By the time that i had my clothes off she was back in front of the windows, scanning the apartments next door. She looked beautiful in the dark. I could just make out the pen nipples of her small breasts, hardened now to their fullest. | sat beside her and took one in my hand, tweaking the nipple and massaging the solid softness. She must have found something worth watching because the lenses stopped their back and forth motion. As she concentrated on whatever, i moved my hand down into her thick pubic garden and began to play in the swampy mushiness that was there. She let me do that for awhile before pulling my hand away and shoving the binoculars toward me.
"Middle of the building, about halfway up."
She sounded out of breath. I searched for the scene that had caught her attention. She searched for my cock. She had a better sense of direction than I. And by the time I found what I was looking for. She was using her small. Soft hand to rub my cock into an increasing state of hardness. I now saw what she had been viewing. An older man, about mid-sixties was sitting on the edge of a bed. He still had on an undershirt and dark knee socks. Between his legs was a woman, not more than a girl really. It looked as if she wasn't much more than twenty or so. She was giving him a blow-job. He was holding onto her long, red hair and literally steering her lips up and down his erection.
The angle was just right to see the hollowed cheeks of the woman and the shiny. Spit-covered length of the man's cock every time she raised her head. Jane must have seen the same thing because her mouth had replaced her hand on my cock. It was clear she was not accustomed to sucking my cock but this time her lips were tightening over the length of my cock and she was sucking for all she was worth. I couldn't believe the feelings. Usually, Jane would simply hold my cock in her mouth and drool a little on it. Now she was using her tongue to rub over the head and push the skin away from the crown' Her teeth were dragging against the sensitive flesh and just staying on this side of the pleasure-pain median. Then she begun to lick the extremely sensitive underside of my cock. I thought I was going to explode as she worked her slobbering way down to my hairy balls. She gently sucked the first one and then the other into her eager mouth. She grabbed my rod with both hands and begun to pump like crazy as her mouth sucked the head of my cock feeling her tongue punching my pee slit. Soon her mouth replaced her hands and it went down to deep sucking me.
I had never been allowed to come in her mouth and so, as the pressure mounted, I tried to lift her head. Jane wanted no part of it. She loosened her lips enough to utter "No" and then went back to her efforts. To keep from coming as long as possible, I used the binoculars to focus again on the couple across the way. The man was lying back on the bed, obviously having come. The redhead was licking at his crotch. Cleaning all the cum off his pubic hair and balls. I could see her take each one of his balls in her mouth and appear to be bufﬁng it with her tongue. I couldn't hold out any longer. I dropped the binoculars and grabbed hold of Jane's head , forcing her lips down further on my cock. About the time her nose hit my stomach, I started coming. I may have come harder in my life, but i don't remember when. It seemed like the supply of thick, white fluid was endless. Gob after gob exploded from my cock to bounce against the back of Jane's throat. Our living room was filled with the scent of love juices and all could be heard was moaning and groaning.
Her dark brown nipples contrasted sharply with her pale white skin. I fastened my mouth on her thick stiff left nipple. Arching her back, she ground her pelvis against my groin as she cried out. As I suck ripped and licked Jane's breast, I lifted her up and carried her to our bedroom. As we lay on our king size bed she squatted above my semi hard cock. Reaching between us she slid her fingers into her thick heavy patch of pubic hair and separated her cunt lips. My cock grew harder as she sank down onto my member with a loud grunt as she shoved her tits into my face. The bed rocked and squeaked as we fucked. I clamped my hands onto her half moon ass cheeks as she rode up and down my cock wailing and moaning her satisfaction. She was insatiable. We did it doggie style and I held onto her long hair while I drove my cock as deep as I could in her pussy. She was hoarse from screaming when we got through. Thankfully we were alone in the apartment. She became very vocal something we rarely experienced in the past. Not only did she scream and moaned she talked dirty too.
That was the real beginning of our new found desires. We both were sexually aroused when we were watching others. We found voyeurism as our new passion. I went out and purchased another, more powerful set of binoculars. Just in time. Too. The weekends are great. You can't believe what we saw, and more importantly, what we did. The one who said that a picture is worth a thousand words knew what it was talking about. Jane is positively inspired when she watches our neighbors. She is willing to try anything she sees. She certainly proved this when we watched the tenth floor corner fucking a woman in the ass.