Tammy was thinking about what Jamie had said. "I am getting closer to the realization that I will have to model with my legs spread, showing my very intimate being to keep my scholarship, but I don't know if I can overcome my conservative upbringing to model erotically." The young woman remembering the medical exam was still upset with Jamie. "What Jamie did to me when I had to go to the doctor's upset me also." Tammy looked at Jamie her face red and she had a worried look on her face, wondering if she should talk to him about what was bothering her.
"You have something on your mind what is it?" Jamie said, as by now he can tell when she is upset or worried, by her facial expression, or body language.
"Jamie, first of all I don't know if I can be an erotic model. For another thing I don't want to be threatened to do something like you did to me the other day. You ask me if you want me to do something, and we will discuss, most of the times, I will do as you ask. Okay!"
"We will work together to find a way for you to keep your scholarship, if you don't model as the professor requires. I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about that I threatened you?" Jamie said fearing he would lose this beautiful young lady. "I need to know, so I will not upset you again."
"Remember when I asked you to come with me to the doctors and you said you would, if I would go nude, if I had to have an exam? When I went there and found out I needed the exam to get my shot, you said you wanted to stay in the waiting room, instead of going with me because I was embarrassed to be nude, as I didn't want the doctor to think I was a slut. I am terrified of doctors and shots and you were only thinking of yourself, instead of helping me though my fears."
"I am so sorry Tammy I never thought about your fears and it will not happen ever again!" Jamie apologized to her, feeling bad he upset the young woman and also was confused. "You said that you liked to have the group of men see you nude, so I thought you liked it and I was helping you reach the point where you will feel comfortable about modeling for the erotic photo shoot?"
"Jamie you have your time line wrong I said I liked all the men looking at me, after I had the exam not before. For another thing Jamie, how do you feel when you need to go to the doctors?"
He didn't address the first part of her statement because he knew she was right. Thinking about the second part of Tammy's statement he answered her. "Concerned they will find something wrong with me and embarrassed that I will probably be nude and probed by the doctor."
"Exactly How I felt, and then you threatened to have me go in alone instead of offering your support. Don't you ever do that to me again Jamie you understand me?" Tammy said with fire in her eyes showing she is a real red head and with anger that Jamie has never seen before.
Tammy and Jamie felt better after they had the preceding conversation to understand the others viewpoint. Jamie realizes that Tammy has a temper and he doesn't want to get on the wrong side of that young woman.
Jamie and Tammy were becoming closer. The Carter family loved the pretty red head. She was spending at least three days a week at their home. Charlene loved the young woman as a daughter; they went out shopping together almost every Saturday morning, while the guys were doing their Saturday chores.
Backing up a little in the story we will go over the letters that were sent to Charlene and Tammy we will find out what will be done to address them.
Jamie brought a letter home the Professor had written to the older woman. The professor was having problems finding women, who were willing to pose for the erotic photo sessions, and the administration was getting, negative feedback, from the women who were approached to model. The professor, knowing he needs to get some women to consent to model, or the administration will cancel the program. Hence he sent out the letters to Charlene and Tammy.
Charlene and Tom went into the living room the night Jamie handed the letter to his mother. They opened the envelope. Charlene's letter from the professor stated, if she models it will reflect positively on her son's mark. Presently his mark is lower than needed to keep his scholarship.
Making a decision after reading the letter Charlene said. "Tom I am going to model, I don't have a day job, this is a way I can help the family, and make sure Jamie keeps his scholarship. The only class he has a low mark in is Visual Arts. Do you have any problem with me modeling?" She wanted to make sure he has not changed his mind since the Friday she modeled.
"No I am still on board, as long as I can go to the sessions with you." Said Tom, thinking how much he liked seeing his wife exposed when she did the audition photos taken by Jamie. The Friday she met with the Professor, and mimicked the other models poses.
"Okay it is settled then, the letter states that you have to call the professor, to let him know you're on board with me modeling, and to give him a schedule of when you will be available to attend my modeling sessions." Charlene said to her husband.
Tom took the letter from his wife to read it. "The letter states the professor wants Jamie to work with you on the poses needed for the erotic modeling session, and take photos to bring in, so the professor can critique them. This will bring his mark up. I think this is something you should think about doing?"
"Okay I will talk to Jamie about it and see when we can start. It will probably be after the Family weekend."
Tom sent an email to the professor stating, his approval of his wife modeling, and she has consented to pose erotically, as long as he attends her sessions, attaching a copy of his work schedule to the email.
Charlene being nervous about modeling confided in Tammy. "I'm going to model for the erotic figure studies. The professor sent me a letter stating, Jamie is in jeopardy of losing his scholarship, if he doesn't bring his mark up in the Visual Arts class."
"I received a letter from the professor also, if I don't pose for the course. I will lose my scholarship, but I don't think I can. I would be humiliated to expose my bottom and vagina, to a group of people I know. Although I need to keep my scholarship in order to stay in college. My parents can't afford to pay the tuition, and I don't want a large loan to pay off, after I get out of college." The young woman stated with tears in her eyes.
"I am going to suggest something that could benefit both of us, if you're willing to go along with it? How about we pose for Jamie, to become comfortable with the erotic poses, I could also have my husband there. By the time we are put on the schedule to pose for the class, I believe we will be more comfortable with the poses needed," Charlene said watching the expression on the younger woman's face.
Tammy's face turned red and then she smiled. "I have been practicing the poses with Jamie taking pictures for a few weeks now in my room here, 'that was the studying' he was helping me with. I think it is a great idea Charlene, if your husband is okay with the arrangement?"
"Between you and me Tammy, my husband would give his right arm to see you naked."
Both women laughed at Charlene's last remark, breaking the tension in the air.
Tammy thought for a few minutes, before she continued talking to the older woman, to formulate the words to properly express her thoughts, she then said. "Mom, Jamie came with me when I had my contraception shot on Tuesday, I thought they were only going to give me the shot and I don't like them, but I had to have a complete physical and I was glad Jamie was with me, because I detest a medical exam more. They also had three medical students observe my exam."
"Jamie went with you? If you asked me, I would've gone with you. Didn't it embarrass you having my son there, when they told you it was a complete exam?"
"I didn't think I would need an exam when I called. They said to come in and we can give you the shot. Nothing was said about an exam. I am very comfortable with Jamie, he has been taking pictures of me and he is a gentleman, he isn't like most of the men I have met in college. You did a good job raising him" Tammy said with a dreamy look in her eyes, showing she really enjoys Jamie's company.
"Why thank you Tammy, He never gave us any trouble and I think he really likes you." Charlene stated with pride.
The Family weekend, the Carter's meets the Phillips for the first time.
The Family weekend is upon them and when Jamie and Tammy arrived at the Carter home, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips are there to greet their Daughter on the Thursday before. The young woman is surprised, happy, and worried. Tammy is surprised to see her parents, as they didn't mention coming to the Family weekend, when she talked with them last. Tammy is happy to see her mother and father, but is worried that Charlene has told them about her modeling.
Tammy ran to her parents to give them a big group hug. "I am so glad to see you, where will you be staying and for how long?" Said the young woman, realizing how much she missed her parents.
"When I called Mrs. Carter, to thank her for letting you stay at their house. She invited your father and me for the Family weekend to stay here." Deloris said thankful that the Carters invited them to stay at their home, so they can spend more time with their daughter, not having to pay for a motel room.
"Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips my name is Jamie." The young man said as he went to shake the older couple's hand, but they each gave him a hug instead. He enjoyed the hug from Mrs. Phillips feeling her breasts against his chest.
"You're the young man we have been hearing about." Deloris stated, giving the young man a smile and her daughter a thumb up.
Tom Carter found out Steve Phillips liked to play golf, so Tom said. "Steve if you have your clubs I can play hooky tomorrow and we can go golfing?"
When Deloris overheard the men's conversation she jumped right in saying. "If there was only enough room in the car for me or his golf clubs, I wouldn't be here presently."
Everyone laughed at Deloris's comment.
Jamie, looking at Deloris, thinking how much his girlfriend and her mother look alike. "She has red hair like her daughter and is a little taller than her with large breasts; Mrs. Phillips is still gorgeous, even though she is in her forties or fifties. That is what Tammy will probably look like when she is older." Jamie thought, staring and smiling at her, when he realized she caught him looking at her.
"Jamie, what is that silly grin on your face for?" Deloris said smiling at the young man; knowing he was checking her out.
Stammering and turning red, Jamie said "I can't believe how much you and Tammy look alike. You could be sisters." Trying to get out of the situation he was in, the best he could.
Well Mrs. Phillips was delighted with Jamie's remark, but Tammy not so much.
"You mean to tell me Jamie, I look about forty years old? That is how old I would have to be for my mother and me to be sisters" Tammy teased her boyfriend making believe she was mad at him and he didn't want that, as the discussion they had a few days ago, is still fresh in his mind.
Jamie looked at Tammy thinking. "I better shut my mouth and go onto something else." The young man, directing his question at Steve, and feeling he would be on safer ground. "How was the trip down here Mr. Phillips?"
"It wasn't bad, as we left before the weekend traffic."
"I will show you where your room is, Deloris. Jamie can bring up the suitcases. Tammy can you come with us also, I need your help." Charlene said as she led the way to the extra bedroom.
Showing Deloris their room she then said. "Deloris the bathroom is adjoining Tammy's room you can lock one room out from the other from inside of the bathroom. Tammy can you come with me, while your mother goes down to have the bags brought up to the room ,so your parents can get settled?"
Charlene gave Tammy a one piece bathing suit that was very modest. "I think you should wear this suit swimming, so we will stay out of trouble. I have a few, so if you or your mother needs a suit, just come in here and get the ones you would like to wear, as I think both of you will fit into the suits I have."
"Thanks, I was wondering what I would do, as mom and dad like to swim and I only have the bikini to wear." Tammy said relieved she can go swimming with her parents.
The two families had a wonderful time together the first couple of days, but the Carter's could see, the Phillips family, are very conservative and Deloris is a very modest woman. Charlene and Tammy had to be very careful to dress conservatively. It was fun to have two other women help in the kitchen for the meals and clean up. All three women were very good cooks.
Saturday morning the two older couples went in one car to family day and the younger couple went in Jamie's car. They toured the campus all morning going to visit with Jamie's and Tammy's instructors and getting rave reviews from all the professors. Noon time arrived, and college had a catered meal cooked by the student chef's, for all the family members. Everyone was having a great time touring the campus. Steve and Deloris attended a community college, so they were amazed with the size of this campus.
After lunch, the group toured the Visual Arts complex. They were walking through all the media rooms when Deloris looked like she saw a ghost.
"Charlene, the woman in that photograph looks like you!" Deloris said, pointing to one of the photographs with Charlene kneeling down, with her back to the camera, her legs spread looking over her shoulder and smiling, she was totally exposed to the lens."
Steve, being ahead of his wife missed the photo Deloris stopped at. He stopped to look at a photo and his face turned red. "There's a red head young lady completely nude, who looks like Tammy? She is in a classic pose, which you would see in renascence works. She has an innocent look on her face, sitting with her hand covering her womanhood, but you could see that her pubic hair is cut into a heart" Her father stated, not believing his daughter has been posing nude.
Charlene, red with humiliation, she wanting to defend Tammy and herself, so she said. "We are posing for art photos, there is nothing wrong with that, and we get paid one hundred dollars an hour. I was out of work, and our son told me about the class needing models, so I applied." Trying to explain the reason she is modeling.
Tammy continued explaining why she is modeling. "Mom, Dad, when I signed the scholarship papers, I didn't realize, to keep my scholarship, I would have to model for figure studies, for the Visual Artist class. I am in the architectural program and I'm not taking any visual arts courses, but the scholarship is funded thorough the arts program." She didn't want to tell them about the upcoming erotic modeling she may have to pose for.
"I thought we brought you up better than that Tammy. You go away to college and you become a slut." Deloris, looking at Charlene with distain said. "Charlene you're a married woman and you have photos showing you womanhood and anus, you're disrespecting your marriage."
"First of all Deloris your daughter is not a slut, she is a very nice young woman and you should be proud of her. She wants a college education and doesn't want to burden you or her with loans. As far as my wife modeling, I wanted her to model and I am proud of her, as it takes a lot of courage for both women to model nude." Tom said, upset that Deloris called her daughter a slut and ostracized his wife for modeling, as Charlene modeled reluctantly and he doesn't want her to back out.
"Deloris, I agree with Tom, our daughter is doing what she can to get a college education with very little money expended. I am proud of you Tammy. Deloris I think the photos of our daughter and Charlene are art, and both are beautiful women. You should probably try it, before you call both woman names" Steve said; mad at Deloris for her monolog condemning Tammy and Charlene.
Jamie wanting to get his two cents in said. "I am proud of Tammy, she wants to be an architect and found a way to go to college to make her dreams a reality. My mom has been laid off, and she wants to contribute to the family finances by modeling, I am proud of her also."
Steve said, not wanting to have to find a hotel room. "I think we should drop this subject Deloris, Let's enjoy this vacation and the generous people who opened their home to our daughter and us. Deloris I think there is an apology in order from you."
Upset that her husband scolded her in front of everyone, but knowing he is right said. "I guess my conservative upbringing got the better of me. I am sorry for all that I said. Tammy the picture of you is beautiful, your are a very innocent nude, and Charlene your photo is beautiful also. Both of you have a lot of courage to put yourself out there showing the world everything. I hope you except my apology." Said Deloris with tears in her eyes, knowing she really upset everyone.
Tammy and Charlene went to Deloris and gave her a hug.
"I know it was probably a shock to you to see your daughter and me nude, to be honest when I auditioned I had to sign a contract for the day that the photos were the property of the college, but I didn't expect to see the photo exhibited."
"Mom, Dad, I didn't know my photo would be exhibited either, I don't know why they didn't use the photos of Tiffany." Tammy said, addressing all present.
"The reason they have your photos exhibited, is that my mom was willing to be photographed showing her mature beauty. Tammy is a very beautiful young woman that portrays innocence even when she is nude." Jamie said to put his viewpoint out there for the group to ponder.
The group went back to the Carter house; they had a barbeque, and went swimming. Finding they are having a good time together.
When it was time to turn in, Tammy went to her room and Jamie to his, frustrated they wouldn't be able to be together that night.
Deloris and Steve went to their room. Steve made the first move, going up in back of his wife and grabbing her breasts, pushing his manhood into her butt.
"I wish you would model nude. It would be so exciting to have photos of my sexy wife the way Charlene posed, and our daughter also." Steve moaned, as he gave his wife's breast a massage'.
Deloris loved the feeling he was giving her, they haven't been intimate in a while, both very busy. "You would want me to model nude? Don't you think it's immoral to be nude in front of someone other than your spouse?"
"Deloris that is all you're thinking, I would love to have my beautiful wife exposed to the camera, and other men. Knowing they can look at you, but you come home with me." Steve said as he started to undress his wife, he was surprised she didn't protest, as she usually does.
Pushing her panties to the floor, she stepped out of them and Steve picked them up, noticing the gusset of her panties were soaking wet. He has not seen this in a long time, continuing he reached between her legs, to find a dripping pussy. He picked her up, and gently laid her on the bed, with her legs still on the floor, he wanted to taste her, but he wasn't sure she would let him. He has been scolded by her many times, stating that is dirty. To her husband's surprise, she moaned and spread her legs, to give him better access to her pussy; she reaching between her legs with her fingers in her pussy on both sides of her lower lips. The mature woman opened her labia, so he could pleasure her womanhood. Smelling her arousal and tasting his wife for the first time, he had orgasmic spasms. Afraid he was going to blow his load in his pants. He started to undress, as he put a lip lock on his wife's pussy.
When Steve positioned his wife on the bed and he was climbing between her legs she was moaning saying. "That felt so good when you were licking my lady parts." She couldn't bring herself to call her vagina, a pussy.
Urgently as Steve was positioning his cock at the opening of his wife's pussy he said. "I would love to see you modeling nude in front of a group." He was pounding her and she was meeting his strokes, it was the hottest sex they have had in years.
Deloris was very embarrassed as she thought. "I want to please my husband, but to be totally exposed to some other people and I am not young and pretty enough to do it." Surprised that she had an orgasm from the pounding she is getting she said. "OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH, Steve I'm Cumming! Which Surprised Deloris as she hasn't ever had an orgasm through intercourse, usually Steve has to finish her by hand, after he has his pleasure with her.
Deloris gripped onto Steve's cock with her Kegel muscles during her orgasm, that he couldn't move until she finished.
. "She goes to the gym a few times a week; she is doing more than upper body training." Steve thought.
They lay in bed nude, a first for them. They fell into a peaceful asleep, with the feeling of love for each other, not known to them in recent years.
Charlene and Tom entered their bedroom and undressed, while talking in just above a whisper.
"Do you think Deloris will cause problems for Tammy, and be upset if she continues seeing Jamie?" Tom said, as he lay on the bed nude on his back.
"We had a lengthy discussion about Tammy and I modeling with Deloris. I think she will drop the subject, and let her daughter do as she sees fit. She is glad Tammy knows us, and she has accepted my comments why I am modeling." Charlene said, as she climbed onto her husband with her pussy in his face, and she bends over, taking his erection into her mouth, while lowering her pussy to his face, so he can start licking her flower of life.
With the sexual charged conversation Charlene had with the woman, she popped off in about three minutes. She had to work on Tom a minute or two longer for her to receive his offerings. Deep throating him, she didn't spill a drop of his cum. She enjoys licking his cock clean.
Charlene and Tom fell into a peaceful sleep, after their oral antics also. They slept nude in each other's arms.
For Jamie and Tammy, they were both horny, and afraid to do anything about it. They had a very restless night.
It was about six thirty A.M... Tammy couldn't sleep any longer, as she had to pee, going into the bathroom to do her business. She heard her parents whispering, without thinking, the young woman opened the door to her parent's room, to find her mother nude, straddling her father's waist, humping her pussy on his cock. From her position Tammy could see her father's erection appearing and disappearing into her mother's pussy. This is the first time she has ever seen anyone have sex in person. Deloris didn't notice their daughter watching them, as she is concentrating on making her husband cum and bringing herself off at the same time.
The older woman is lying on her husband sliding his cock in and out of her pussy, as she tells him. "It feels so good to have you in me, I love you so much. I am glad we came here." Deloris is moaning as she French kisses her husband.
Tammy was mesmerized watching her conservative parents having sex. She could see her father's cock sliding in and out of her mother. Tammy wanted to close the door, but her body wouldn't move, leaning against the jamb until they finished.
Tammy's father was the first to pop off moaning. "I'm glad I got into you this morning, you are the best woman any man could hope for." Steve said, as he pumped his man juice into his wife.
"It feels so good having you in me, we have to do this more often." Deloris said, as she squeezed his pecker with her vaginal muscles so tight, he couldn't move his cock, during her orgasm.
Exhausted Deloris rolled off her husband and looked over to the bathroom door.
Screaming Deloris said. "Why are you standing there watching us Tammy?" The older woman was so surprised to see her daughter standing there, that she didn't think to cover up.
"I'm sorry mom, it was so beautiful watching you give pleasure to dad I couldn't move." Tammy said as an explanation for not leaving the room, and eyeing her father's cock in the process, which was covered in their recent cum and it was starting to become erect again.
Hearing the scream, Jamie and his parents ran down the hall, and looked into the room, to see the Phillips both nude in bed, The Carters were both nude also. The only ones dressed in night clothes, were Tammy and Jamie.
Jamie and Tom had a perfect view of Deloris. They both thought she was very beautiful. Steve got a good look at Charlene and thought the same about her. Charlene and Deloris both got to see Tom and Steve. It was a win, win for all except Jamie and Tammy, they were still clothed.
Jamie looking at the pair of parents nude said. "Tammy I guess we have to separate our parents, they are horny toads. I don't want any brothers or sisters, at my age, do you? Jamie, laughing at his comment while looking at Tammy's nude parents specially her mother and also glancing at his mother.
The young people's parents, realizing they were nude in front of everyone, scrambled to find some covering, while laughing at the situation.
"Well I'm glad somebody had a good time this morning before church." Tammy said, to her parents laughing at their embarrassment to be caught having sex.
It was Sunday morning the Phillips went to church, along with the Carters. After church Tom and Jamie had the chores to do, that were not done yesterday. Steve helped them, while the ladies were at the pool.
The ladies were conversing about their lives. Tammy was listening intently, hoping nothing will be said about modeling, after her mother and father were caught having sex by her, and nude by everyone. Tammy's mother needed more information about modeling as her husband would like her to model, and to Tammy's embarrassment, her mother started to ask Charlene questions.
"Charlene, how can you take your clothes off, and let all those strangers see you nude?" Deloris stated, turning red with embarrassment, at the thought of being nude in public, and being caught nude this morning.
"I only auditioned for the erotic photos, but I did get paid. My husband wants me to model, as he thinks I am pretty and he wants people to see me." Charlene said, hoping Deloris would not take offence, and tell Tammy not to associate with them anymore.
Looking at her daughter, Deloris asked. "Being brought up very conservative, how come you modeled for the class, Tammy, and what does it feel like to be nude in public?" She is genuinely interested in her daughters comment to the question. She wants to see if she feels the same way as her mother did being caught nude this morning.
"Mom, I almost left the school and came home, when I was told I would have to model nude, but I really want to be an Architect. The only worries I have is what my future employer will think of me, if they ever found out I was a nude model. The best part about modeling is I met Jamie, if I didn't model I probably wouldn't have met him, as we are in different classes." Tammy said being as honest as she can be, to try to justify her reason for modeling.
"Charlene, are you going to model for the class, you said it was an audition where the photo was taken of you?"
"Yes, Tom sent an email to the professor with his schedule. The only way I will model for the class is, if Tom is there with me." Charlene told Tammy's mom.
"I would feel better if someone goes to the modeling class with Tammy. Do you think you can go with her Charlene?" The protective mother asked, hoping for a yes from Charlene.
"I can have Jamie come with me to class, if he is between classes, that way you will not have to come out to the college Charlene." Tammy said as she studied her mother's face.
"Tammy you want Jamie there while you're naked?" Her shocked mother asked her daughter.
"Mom, the first time Jamie saw me I was modeling nude for his class, so that train has left the station already." Tammy said wanting to clear the air, and put all her cards on the table, so she will finish with this subject, that way they can go on to something else.
"Tammy, that doesn't embarrass you that your boyfriend has seen you nude?" The concerned mother said to her daughter, feeling she is one hundred years behind the times.
"No mom, we have a closer bond that he has seen me nude. He is a gentleman, he has never treated me like most other guys, I have gone with, even when I was in high school." Tammy said, letting her mother know that even though her parents were very protective of her, some of the boys she went with tried to take advantage of her, where Jamie has never done that.
Monday was spent with the woman swimming all day. Deloris confided in Charlene that Steve wants her to go nude in front of other people, while Tammy was in the house to get some refreshments, for the older women.
The men spent the morning golfing Steve confiding in Tom while Jamie was out of ear shot that he would love to have Deloris exposed in front of them. They went back to the Carter house to swim, until about six P.M.
Steve said to all present. "We want to bring you out to dinner, to show our appreciation for your hospitality, but you will have to tell us where you want to go."
Not wanting the Phillips to spend too much money on dining Tom said "There is an Applebees about fifteen minutes from here, is that good?"
They all agreed that would work.
Going to their bedroom Tom said to Charlene. "Wear a dress with no panties, one of your shorter ones."
"Why do you want me to wear a dress without panties Tom, do you want me to expose my pussy to other people at the restaurant tonight?" Charlene asked her husband, wondering if it will cause a problem with Deloris.
Meanwhile in the Phillips room Steve said to his wife. "I would like you to wear a dress without panties. The shortest dress or skirt, you brought with you."
"What will the Carter's, think of me?" Stated the modest woman, worried her daughter will think she doesn't practice what she preaches to her daughter about modesty.
"They will think you're beautiful." Her husband stated, looking lovingly at his wife.
Upon their husbands pleading with them, both women reluctantly left their respective rooms, minus their panties. It was the first time for Deloris and only the second time for Charlene. The husbands discussed the possibility that their wife's will be going commando to dinner, while playing golf today.
Tammy and Jamie knew nothing about their respective mother's lack of panties.
Wanting to have some private time Jamie said. "Would it be Okay if we just go to McDonalds, as we have some homework to do tonight."
Relieved both women stated. "Yes, your homework; comes first."
The young couple went to Tammy's room and watched out the window to make sure their parents left the house. The young couple didn't notice Tom opening the door for Deloris and Steve opening the door for Charlene. They just wanted their parents to leave.
"Jamie, get your camera while I get ready to model." The young woman said as she started to strip out of her clothes.
"Tammy; that is a great idea you have, we haven't been able to practice all weekend." Jamie said, going to his room, getting his camera, computer, USB cord, and SDS card.
He went back into Tammy's room, to find her on the bed, with her legs spread, rubbing her pussy stating. "I want to have my labia exposed, and wet for the photos." The young woman, groaning with pleasure, with her fingers in her pussy, as she said. "Oh that feels so good, Jamie."
"Let me help you get you pussy wet Tammy." Jamie said, as he pulled her to the edge of the bed, and put her legs over his shoulders and commenced to bring her off orally as he played with the young woman's nipples with both hands.
"Oh that feels so good Jamie, pull on my nipples and use one hand to rub my clit, as you lick my pussy, HAAA. "Tammy wailed as she came on Jamie's tongue.
"After you relax, what poses do you want me to photograph today, Tammy?"
It was about five minutes before Tammy was ready to pose. "How about this pose. I will lay on my back, supported on a pillow, with my legs spread, showing my pussy." The young woman was getting into position, as she explained the pose to Jamie.
Jamie admired his pretty girlfriend's heart shaped pubic hair pointing to her pussy stating. "That is the best pose you have gotten into, your pussy is open, I can see your love canal and your labia is sexually stimulated, but you have this innocent look on your face that is enchanting." He said as he took many photos of her from all angles.
Tammy changed positions getting onto her knees and pointing her ass at her photographer, while looking over her shoulder saying. "Jamie it looks like you need some relief" The young woman was pointing to the tent in Jamie's pants. "And I want a photo of cum running out of my pussy."
Jamie didn't need an engraved invitation to bang his lovely girlfriend dropping his pants and underwear in one motion. He walked up to her and slowly slid his cock into her doggy fashion, she was so wet it amazed him, she felt so good, He was rubbing her clit as he stroked in and out of her, bringing her off first, and then he blew his load into her. He fell onto her back to catch his breath, as Tammy slid onto her stomach, as she came.
"Tammy smells so good, of lilacs and excited woman." Jamie thought lying on her back, in the afterglow of their sexual union.
"Jamie, get your camera I can feel your cum escaping my pussy."
He jumped up to get the camera; his cock, bouncing around, and still half hard. It had the sheen on it, from their recent coupling. Jamie focused the camera and used a telescopic lens to get a close up of his cum running out of his girlfriend's pussy. He also took photos of her smiling over her shoulders with cum dripping out of her. The innocence of her was always evident, in all the photos taken of Tammy.
During the time the young people were playing model and photographer the two older couples were having some fun also, well the guys were anyway. Deloris was beside herself with embarrassment the skirt she had was above the knee. Charlene's skirt was shorter, but she was more accustomed to nudity.
Tom opened the door to the car for Deloris to enter, try as she might it was impossible to keep her modesty. She had to spread her legs for balance, thus giving Tom a beaver shot from Deloris, causing her some embarrassment. Tom noted that Deloris has a full bush of red hair covering her lower lips, but he could see wet pink slit peeking out Deloris's pubic jungle.
Steve opened the door for Charlene; she didn't try to modestly enter the car spreading and talking to Steve, as she slid in staying spread for longer than needed, to make sure he counted the number of black pussy hair she exposed to him along with her moist slit.
Charlene said to Deloris. "I like your skirt, does it come with panties? I want to let you know my skirt doesn't come with panties tonight." Letting her friend know she is going commando.
Deloris said to Charlene. "My husband talked me out of my panties tonight also.
Tom said to Deloris. "Do you like the free feeling of going commando?"
"I like the feeling and I'm getting used to the freedom." Deloris said turning red knowing Tom saw her intimate being.
Steve asked Charlene. "Are you enjoying yourself tonight?"
"Yes I am and I like the free feeling with the cool air blowing up my dress, it's making me wet. and I am with good company. What more can a girl ask for." Charlene confided to the group.
At the Restaurant Tom again opened the door for Deloris, she was becoming accustomed to the lack of panties and slid out of the car seat smiling up at Tom and giving him a longer look at her pussy this time.
.
Not to be outdone Charlene, twisted in the car seat sitting spread legged, talking with Steve as Tom and Deloris came around the car and looked on.
The server directed the two couples to a raised platform, the table they had was round, a high top, in view of the bar and the husbands had their wife's facing the bar. The two mature women were having a challenge, keeping their modesty on the high top chairs. They had to spread their legs, and hook their feet on the side of the stool legs, to stop from sliding off.
Their husbands were watching the men at the bar, trying to catch a pantie shot, but in the case of these two women, it will be a beaver shot. The two husbands pointed out the men that were watching their wife's pussy, during the dinner. The exposure is causing embarrassment, along for excitement for Deloris and excitement for Charlene.
"I need to go to the ladies room; you want to come with me Deloris?"
"Yes, I need to take a trip to the ladies room also."
"I am dripping, I need to wipe my lady parts, my excitement is running down my leg." Whispered Charlene to her mature friend, hoping she is having a good time and in the same condition.
"I am having the same problem; Steve is going to be very busy tonight, when we get back."
Both women were giggling, when the entered the restroom, to wipe their pussies of their excitement.
Both women looked in the mirror in the restroom, to make sure there was no wet spot on the backside, from their excitement, before going back to their table.
Charlene said to her husband. "I want a glass of wine."
Hearing Charlene ask for a glass of wine Deloris asked for a glass also.
"Deloris you have never had a glass of wine." Her husband said amazed.
"You have driven me to drink Steven." His wife stated, giving up on maintaining her modesty. It was too difficult to keep her knees together.
With a couple of glasses of wine consumed, the two mature women overcame their inhibitions and relaxed their legs, giving the appreciative men at the bar a good view of their femininity. The men at the bar were sending drinks to the four of them.
"The people at the bar are very nice, do you know them Tom?" Deloris stated naïvely to the others at the table.
"I don't know them Deloris. Charlene do you know the guys at the bar?"
"I don't know them, but I think they like our kitties Deloris." Charlene stated as she giggled.
"What are you talking about Charlene where are the kitties?" Deloris stated confused at Charlene's last remark.
Charlene leaned over to Deloris and whispered. "The group of men at the bar can see our vaginas, when they look under the table."
"Oh my Lord, you mean the guys can see everything I have!" Stated the embarrassed woman, as she snapped her legs together, but it was too difficult, so she relaxed her legs. "They have seen everything already." She thought as she smiled at the men at the bar and raised her glass to them.
The young couple timed it just right. They just entered the living room with text books in hand, as their parents came in the driveway. They didn't stay in Tammy's room as it smelled of their recent bout of sex even with Febreze air freshener.
The young couple didn't have to worry about their parents. They said hello to the young people and ran up the stairs. Five minutes later they could hear squeaking of beds and sexual moaning.
"I think our parents are having a good time don't you Jamie?"
"I would say so, isn't it disgusting they are acting like us." Jamie said as both young people giggled.
As it always does all good things come to an end and it was time for the Phillips to go back home.
Deloris realized the, Carter family, are nice people and she is glad her daughter Tammy has Charlene as a friend. The time spent together was fun for all. It was sad to see the Phillips leave, but Charlene and Deloris made plans for another get together in a month.
During the drive home Steve asked. "Did you have fun this weekend?"
"Yes I did, but I am embarrassed that we were caught nude, by our daughter and the Carter family. I liked the exposure at the restaurant, even though I was so embarrassed. I was also turned on."
"Did it excite you also Deloris being nude in front of other people, now be truthful with me?" Looking over at his wife with a smile on his face knowing she was.
The mature red head's face was the same color as her hair when she said. "I have never thought I would like being exposed to other people, but I really got a kick out of it." She confessed to her husband.
"Would you like to do something like that again?" Hoping his wife finally will see the light that she is a beautiful woman, and her beauty should be shared.
"Let me think about it Steve, I am confused presently, being so conservative and all." Deloris said, having a tug of war with her morals, which will need to be adjusted, if she decides to go nude in front of other people.
It was a step forward for Deloris, she didn't say no to Steve.
The Carter's were back to normal after family weekend, with the exception of having a young red head lady at their home most of the time. The professor didn't acknowledge he received the email from Tom giving permission for Charlene to model with him present.