While this is part of a series, and I do recommend that you read the previous chapters, it probably can stand alone.
*****
I received the phone call around noon. It was Jen.
"Hi! What's up?" I asked.
"Are you busy today?" she asked in response.
I had some studying to do for the one class I was taking, but I had put it off for so long now that I was more than willing to put it off a bit longer. So I replied "Not really."
Jen said "Can you cover an appointment for me this afternoon? I just got a call from the spa for three sessions and I really can't pass up the opportunity."
Jen had been taking some work at a local salon. They offered massages as well as nails, hair styling, etc., but there wasn't a lot of work there, so Jen was only called in as needed. Massage appointments had to be made in advance. It didn't amount to much income, but at the least, it gave Jen some additional exposure and the opportunity to get some new clients. The owner of the salon didn't mind that Jen would try to take the clients; she was a friend and a client of Jens and was just glad that she could get some new customers into the shop by offering a massage as a new product. Her thought was that once they were in the shop she could keep them as customers for her other services. She had even advertised special packages, like a half-price massage with a treatment purchase of $40.00.
"And, besides, it's with a client that you're already familiar with," Jen continued. "Sue."
Although Jen had a couple of 'Sues' as clients, I knew by the tone of her voice which one she was referring to. I definitely remembered Sue.
"So, are you ok with covering that appointment?" she asked.
"If you think I can handle it, then yes, I'm good to go."
Jen said, "Well, I seem to remember how well you handled Sue before."
She was referring to the 4-hand massage that we had given Sue. As it turned out, Jen had set me up by purposely making the massage more intimate than I had expected. Sue never used draping, which I knew prior to the session. What I didn't know then was that Sue often got aroused from being massaged and Jen would give her some 'personal' time after the massage to attend to that arousal. The set-up was that Jen had me go back into the studio under the pretext of giving Sue a towel, and I walked right into seeing Sue taking care of herself, scratching the itch that the massage had started. Truth be told she was almost finished by the time I showed up and she climaxed with just a few strategically placed touches from me.
I asked Jen "That was just a one-time only experience, right?"
Jen replied "I'm not sure. Sue has a very active libido. You might want to be prepared for a repeat performance."
"I've thought a lot about that day," I said. "I crossed that 'ethical line' that we've talked about, and I'm not 100% comfortable crossing it again." I paused, and with a slight grin on my face and in my voice, added "Or at least not with every massage."
Jen saw that I hadn't really committed to sticking to the line but apparently decided to let it slip for now. "Good for you! "she said, "But rules are made to be broken, no? And that line can change. I of all people know that."
I knew she was referring to the time, after Sue's massage, that she had 'apologized' for setting me up by giving me a sensual massage, including a very happy ending. She later told me that it was a first for her; she had crossed her 'line'.
"And," she continued, "Sue can be very persuasive; she is used to getting her own way. So, just in case, I'll be leaving you a gift on the table."
"Enjoy the massage! I've got to run." And with that, she was off the phone, headed out to her spa appointments.
Intrigued about the gift that Jen had left for me, and in order to prep for the massage, I went over to Jens right away. So much for studying.
As it turned out Jen had already done most of the preparation; the studio had been cleaned, oil and lotion bottles were filled, there was a clean sheet on the massage table and there was a stack of clean towels. And on the table, as Jen had said, there was a small brown paper bag along with a note.
The note read: 'Hey - here's my little gift to you. Am I being serious or is this a gag? It's up to you to decide. I usually offer Sue a glass of wine beforehand - it seems to help calm her down a bit. You might want to join her - it's in the fridge. She might want to take a shower afterward - if so she knows the routine. There are clean towels on the rack. Thanks for handling this, J.'
Inside the bag was a small three count box of Trojans 'Ultra smooth Lubricated Condoms -Ribbed for her pleasure.' I chose to think it was a gag gift and put the box in the cabinet where we kept the supplies.
Sue arrived right at her scheduled time. I greeted her at the door and led her back into the studio. "Jen told me to offer you a glass of wine. Would you care for a glass?" I asked.
"Sure, thank you," Sue replied. "Is she running late again?"
"I guess you didn't get the message," I said. "I'm going to be your masseur today."
Sue did a little double take. "Is that ok with you?" I asked.
She broke into a smile, or more like a grin. "Yes, that should be fine."
"Then do you mind if I join you with a glass?"
I asked her. She was still smiling when she replied: "Yes, that would be nice." I told her I'd be right back.
'So far so good' I told myself as I poured out two glasses. I had to admit I was a bit nervous; this was my first solo session and although I felt pretty sure of myself, I still wanted to make a good impression.
When I came back into the studio Sue had already started to disrobe. She had just set her folded clothes on a side table and was only wearing her bra and panties; a pastel blue matching set, with plenty of cleavage spilling out from the top and plenty of thigh showing from the high cut panties.
I was a bit surprised, but, in hindsight, I shouldn't have been. She was always flirty with me, since the first time I met her. I knew that she was aware of the 'proper' procedure, where the masseuse leaves the room and returns only after the client is on the table, so her attire wasn't at all accidental. I tried to remain nonchalant.
"Are you a little anxious?" I asked, trying to lighten the mood.
"I guess so," she replied, "do you mind?"
"Not at all," I replied, as I walked over to her and handed her the wine. I raised my glass in the air and said "Cheers!" She raised hers in response.
I sat down in a side chair and she went over to the table and sat down. She was quite a picture. Her blonde hair was already tied back. She still had a golden tan, which contrasted nicely with her pastel undies. While we talked I tried to keep eye contact.
"So what brings you in here today?" I asked. "Any particular issues that I should be aware of?"
Sue paused, seemingly to think about her answer. "Well, I have a really tight ..." she said with a smile. "...back. I'm sure you'll be able to feel it. Otherwise, I'm just in need of some relaxation."
"I'll give it my best shot." I said, trying not to read anything into her response. 'Just another tease' I thought.
Sue finished her wine, then stood up and moved over to the side table to set the glass down. She turned her back to me, reached around and undid her bra, setting it down on the pile of clothes. She took a quick glance over her shoulder to see that I was watching, then lowered her panties to the ground, bent over to pick them up, and added them to the pile.
"Shall we get started?" she asked.
"Sure; I'll go get washed up" I replied. "Make yourself comfortable." I left the room before she had a chance to turn around.
As I washed my hands, I started to get pissed that she was so blatantly teasing me. I remembered what Jen had told me about Sue that she was used to getting her own way. But then I realized that I could be in control of the situation, and decided right then that I would give back all the teasing that she gave me, and perhaps more. At that moment I knew what I was going to do. I was not only going to give her the best massage I could, but I was also going to get her aroused, by teasing or touching or both, so that she could enjoy her after-massage personal time. So now I had a mission! And with those thoughts in mind, I went back into the studio.
Just as I expected, Sue was lying face down on the table, with any covering. And she was definitely a sight to see. Of course, I had seen her before, but it was good to refresh my memory. I could tell she worked at keeping her shape. She was medium build with broad shoulders, a narrow waist, a full round bottom and shapely, well-defined legs. And, just as I remembered, her tan was an all over tan, from top to bottom, with no signs of bathing suit straps. She already had spread her legs more than needed, almost allowing me a glimpse of her sweet spot.
Without a word, I started on her upper back by first applying some oil into my hands then lightly spreading it. As I worked it into her neck and shoulders she let out a soft moan; either it came as a shock or she was trying to tease me some more. In a low soft voice, I asked: "Are you ok?" She replied that she was just fine. I continued "Let me know if I'm using too much pressure or not enough." Sue said "I like it hard. Can you give it to me harder?"
'Just more of her teasing wordplay'; I reminded myself that I was in charge here so I decided I'd just keep quiet for now and let my hands do the talking. But I did apply more pressure. And I could tell that her back was tight. I spent a good amount of time working on her shoulders on down, eventually reaching her lower back. This is when I decided I would start my tease.
I applied some more oil to my hands, more than I actually needed, letting some of it drop off onto the small of her back. I spread the rest over the outside of her upper thighs and with a very brief and very light touch, over the top of her butt cheeks. Some oil was pooled in the small of her back, so as I worked my hands along her waist from the outside going in, the oil was pushed down into her crack. I spent some time working on the area, just barely handling the top of her butt, letting the oil settle deeper.
I sensed that she would have enjoyed me working more directly on her ass, but I decided to delay that and instead I moved down and off to the side to work her left thigh. I dug hard into the back of her thigh and then up to the outside, working the lower half of her ass where it met her thigh. I moved around to the other side of the table and repeated the moves on her right thigh. But I didn't go anywhere near either her ass crack or the inside of her thigh. If Sue wanted more 'butt action', and, based on her body language I felt like she did, she'd have to wait. Who was doing the teasing now?
I moved to the end of the table to start on her legs. I bent her left leg back at the knee so that I could work directly on her foot. In the process of lifting her leg, I purposely eased her legs farther apart. As I expected there was no resistance at all from Sue; she wanted to be seen and I was more than willing to watch. So, as I worked on her foot with my oiled hands, I had an excellent backside view of her taint and pussy.
From this vantage point, it looked like Sue was clean shaven, but I knew from past experience that she probably wasn't. I'd have to wait to confirm that. But I could see her lips protruding and indeed there was moisture pooled there. I couldn't tell if it was because of the excess oil or bodily fluids. It didn't matter; I couldn't take my eyes off her.
Sue seemed to enjoy the foot massage; she was moaning lightly as I worked on her arch and then between her toes.
"Are you ok?' I asked, "Too hard?"
She replied "No, it's perfect. You're doing just fine."
When I switched legs I was once again treated to that great view, albeit it from just a slightly different angle.
I released her foot and gently returned it back to the table. It was time to work on her legs. Starting with her right leg, I applied a thin coating of oil from her ankle to her butt. I moved to her side and began using a push/pull move on her ankle; pulling towards me with one hand and pushing away with the other. I continued this up her leg to her thigh. Her spread legs helped in a couple of ways. One, there was plenty of room for me to push far into and around her inner thigh and, two, I could clearly see how close my upper hand was to her vagina. I purposely massaged as close as I could without making any contact. Perhaps I'd 'accidentally' brush up against her later, but for the moment it was all about the massage. Ok, it was also about teasing.
I moved around to the other side of the table and repeated the procedure up her leg. This time I swear that I could feel the heat coming off of her as I got in close. Sue had been moaning off and on throughout this part of the massage; it almost sounded like a steady hum. When I stopped working on her thigh she stopped the moaning and let out a big exhale.
I moved to the foot of the table and began sweeping up her right leg. I put both hands around her ankle and, keeping a firm and even pressure, continued back up towards her ass. As I'd done before, as I got closer to her butt I moved the hand on the inside of her leg over next to the outside hand and continued the sweep up, stopping just as I reached her cheek. And, as I'd done before, I let that inside hand linger a bit longer on each sweep. But the last repetition I was once again very close to touching her lips.
Sue flinched as I brushed past her. I imagine that the area around her pussy was getting very sensitive. And it wasn't a stretch of my imagination to guess that she would have liked more contact than I was giving her.
I moved over to the other leg and did the same sweeping moves. By now Sue knew what was coming and every time my inside hand headed towards her taint, she tried to lift her ass off of the table a bit. I wasn't having any of that; I firmly pushed her back down onto the table.
Finally, after my last sweep almost grazed her, I decided to give her ass some attention. I kept my hands on her right cheek and dug them in. Sue's ass was full but firm, with plenty of muscles to work on. I worked on that cheek for a moment and then let my fingers graze over her crack and repeated, with both hands, on her left cheek. Finally, I let one hand brush back over her crack and, with a hand on each cheek, I pushed and pulled, up, down, and side to side. When I pushed each ass cheek to the outside, her little rosebud was exposed and her lips were spread open. If I had any doubt that I was getting her aroused, I knew then that was I was doing was working. Even if I was deaf and couldn't hear her soft breathy moans, I could see that her lips were puffy and moist. I could have been the massage oil, but I was pretty sure that she had supplied some of her own lubrication.
I stopped and took my hands off of her.
Sue spoke up. "Don't stop..."
I paused for a moment then I leaned in towards her head and in an almost whisper said: "It's time to roll over."
She took a second to compose herself, then rolled over onto her back. I moved to the head of the table and started to massage her neck. From that vantage point, I had an excellent view. The first thing I noticed was that her nipples seemed to be extended. Moving my eyes further down her body I saw that her pubic hair was matted down. She was closely shaved as before, with just a little triangle of hair above her vulva, leaving her pussy fully exposed. I could confirm that her lips were engorged and could also see that her clit was barely visible, peeking out from behind its hood.
With this erotic display laid out in front of me, I was getting aroused, so I turned my attention back to the massage. As I worked on Sue's neck and then her shoulders I realized that her eyes were open and she was looking up at me. She was smiling; actually, it looked more like a smirk.
"Is everything ok?" I asked. She didn't really answer; "Mmm..." and the smirk. She sure did enjoy being looked at.
I moved across her shoulders to her upper chest. I massage the area from her neck down to the swell of her breasts, and then rotated my hands to the side, essentially pushing her breasts together. I started to imagine using her full tits as a tunnel for my cock. I caught myself, thinking 'Concentrate!'
I continued the path around her breasts by sliding my hands under them and then up between them with my hands rotated palm in. While I was doing this I purposely avoided any contact with her nipples. Sue had started breathing heavier again, with an occasional moan. I knew, from experience with her, that her nipples could be sensitive. In that previous encounter, a slight touch from me was enough to push her over the edge. I wasn't going there, or at least not yet.
I moved on to rub her belly. I thought I could reach her from my position above her head, and indeed I could, but in leaning over her my slightly swollen package made contact with the back of Sue's head. It was brief and truly accidental, but I saw Sue's eyes open wide. She looked back up at me. Sue asked "Are you ok?"' She knew what she had felt. "I'm good," I answered and moved around to her side to continue the belly rub.
Rubbing a belly can be a delicate procedure and, to be honest, I wasn't 100% sure I was capable. But I did it as I was taught by Jen, using enough firm pressure so that it wasn't ticklish, and always going in a clockwise rotation. I pictured her belly button as the center of the clock and started at 12:00, just an inch or so above the center. With both hands flat against her I slowly rotated to her left side, 3:00, down to above her pubes, 6:00, to her right side, 9:00, and then back to 12:00. On each pass, I widened the circle so that after a couple of rotations I was grazing the underside of her breasts at the 12:00 position and almost passed thru her pubic hair at 6:00. On the final pass, I held my hands still at each clock point. At the 6:00 position I discovered that with just a little bit of extra pressure her clitoral hood pulled back a bit. I could already see her clit peeking out; the extra pressure exposed more of it.
I held that position longer than necessary and made no effort not to look. Although her eyes were once again closed, I was pretty sure Sue could tell where my eyes were focused.
I was tempted to call the massage finished. I was pretty sure that by now Sue would want to use her 'private time'. But I hadn't done the front of her legs and I wanted to make sure I gave her a complete massage.
So I moved to the foot of the table and applied some oil to both of her legs. I started the sweep on her right leg, barely moving my inner hand out from between her thighs before contact was made. After a couple of passes I 'accidentally' brushed against her lips with the back of my hand. The effect upon Sue was amazing; she jumped as if receiving an electric shock.
"Oh... sorry." I said. Sue didn't respond but I noticed that she slightly spread her legs a bit more.
I repeated the same procedure on her other leg, again ending with an accidental graze and again eliciting the same response.
There was just one more move that I wanted to execute. I put a hand on each ankle and slowly swept them up her legs. When I reached her crotch I kept my thumbs on the inside and gently ran them just alongside her lips, as close as I could get without direct contact.
I was finished. I had two goals going into this session, one professional and the other not so much. The first one was to give her a thorough competent massage. I think I could check that off. The second one was to get her wound up enough that she would feel the need to use her 'personal time' after the massage as she had in the past. That was still to be determined, but I felt that I had given her my best shot.
I backed away from the table and said "That's it, Sue. Take your time getting up off the table. And of course feel free to take a shower if you'd like. I'll be out in the living room."
Sue looked over at me. Her face was flushed. She got eye contact and said "Stay. Please stay."
I paused for a moment. I wasn't at all expecting this. I knew that I should leave, and not cross that line. I took a good long look at her. Her body glistened with the oil. I had seen the signs of her arousal, and since it was at least partially the result of my handiwork, I could justify that sticking around to watch her seemed like a good idea. Yes, I can acknowledge that was a weak justification, but at this point, I really wanted to watch.
I approached her, took the bottle of oil from the side table and placed it in her hand, and stepped backed again. Still looking directly at me she upended the bottle, letting some oil drip down onto her crotch and then put it aside. Both of her hands went down to her pussy. One hand held her lips apart while she used her other hand to rub her engorged clit with her thumb and inserted her index finger into her moist opening.
I was standing off to the side and didn't have a good view of the action. Sue wanted to be seen and, by not leaving the room, I'd made the decision to watch, so I figured I might as well go for it. 'In for a pound, in for a penny', I thought. I pulled up a chair and placed it at the foot of the table, directly between her legs.
Sue closed her eyes and bent her knees up, which spread her legs even more. I watched as she inserted another finger, not slowing down with her thumb on her clit.
Based on her moans and heavy breathing, Sue already seemed to be getting close to an orgasm. She lifted her head up off of the table, looked down at me and said: "Come here." It was more of a command than a request.
I was hard as a rock and my condition would be clearly visible once I stood up, but I only hesitated for a second before I got up and walked over to her side. "Show me," she said as she locked her gaze on the bulge in my pants.
I'd like to say that, no matter how unprofessional the massage had been, I didn't show her anything. But I can't say that.
I unbuckled my pants, lowered the zipper, and slowly slid the pants down. I guess I was going to try to make a show of it, still in the teasing mode, but Sue wasn't having any of that. The tip of my cock was already poking out of my underwear when I dropped my pants and Sue reached in and grabbed it with one hand and yanked down my shorts with the other. Releasing my dick from the confines of my clothes felt great and since both of her hands were well oiled they slid smoothly over my shaft.
She pumped me for a couple of strokes before I realized that her pussy wasn't being attended to. I reached over and oiled my fingers with some of the excess that was pooled around her crotch then continued rubbing her as she had been doing.
It didn't take long. She immediately stopped pumping but kept her hand around me. Her moaning started back up, louder and more intense than before, and her hips started rising up off of the table. I kept rubbing but inserted my index finger into her, curled up to hit her G-spot.
That was all it took. She clamped her legs tight together around my hand and with a loud "Yes!" her body started shuddering through what seemed to be a very intense orgasm.
I stopped rubbing her. I wrapped my free hand around hers on my shaft and used it to help me get off as well. I was pretty close. She had relaxed her leg grip on my hand so I started back up rubbing her with my soaked index finger still inside. I aimed my dick down towards her left nipple and rubbed against it. Again, that seemed to do the trick, this time for both of us.
I came hard. The first shot went over her breast and up to her neck. The following shots coated her nipple and areola. At the same time, she clamped down again on my hand between her legs. I released my grip on her hand around my cock and pinched her cum covered nipple. She screamed "Yes... Yes" again and came no less violently than before.
It took a moment before she relaxed her grip on my cock and separated her legs so I could gently extract my hand. I got a washcloth from the side table and wiped myself off, then wiped my cum off of her. I leaned down towards her head and said, again, "Take your time getting up off of the table." I added, "And I think you'll definitely want that shower now." I gathered up my clothes and left the room.
While Sue was in the shower I had time to think through what had just happened. I had to admit I had some mixed emotions, but I came to the conclusion that since I had purposely stimulated her it was only fair that I helped her finish what I had started.
I was a little afraid of how I was going to deal with Sue, but when she walked back into the living room I realized I had no worries.
"Thanks so much for taking such good taking of me today," she said, holding out a $20.00 bill. She continued, "For paying extra attention to my trouble spots."
"You know I can't accept that," I said with a smile. "It was my pleasure."
"Yes it was," she replied. "And mine as well."
Sue continued "I'll look forward to our next massage. I'll schedule it through Jen as usual, but sure wouldn't object if she had another scheduling conflict."
"Well then I'll try to keep my schedule open. Thanks for coming." As soon as I said that I realized the innuendo and Sue picked up on it quickly.
She came over to give me hug and whispered in my ear "No, thank you for coming."
After she left I stripped the linens from the table and put them and the towels into the wash. As I took a long shower, I wondered how much of what had just happened I should let Jen know; how far I had crossed over that line.
I decided that, if she asked, I would tell her everything. I was hoping she wouldn't ask.