I sat there naked; legs splayed out as I jerked my cock while watching Rio work his mouth up and down Lobo's young hard cock. Lobo's head was thrown backward and he grunted and groaned as Rio bobbed up and down on the thick member. Viewers must have liked watching the show because the sound of the chimes as they tipped became a deafening sound. The shower of tips soon became a storming roar.
Rio pulled off Lobo's cock with a sucking pop. He slid over to the computer and reached out to mute it, laughing as he thanked everyone for their tips. He pushed his long hair from his face and glanced over at me. He gave me a big grin, and then glanced over at Lobo whose young brown body glowed against the white sheets.
My cock twitched as Lobo slid his legs apart giving me a glimpse of his taut round ass. He rose up and caught me wantonly staring at him. He gave me a shy smirk and crawled across the bed. Rio gave his ass a firm slap as he slipped by him and laughed as the tips followed.
"I want to spank that hairy young ass," said a viewer.
"I want fuck that ass," responded another.
"How much to fuck his ass really hard?" asked a big tipper.
As Rio talked to the viewer and answered questions, Lobo slipped off the bed and came over to me. He dropped to his knees in front of me. He leaned forward and encircled my cock with his cherry lips, his brown puppy-dog eyes staring up at me. Spit pushed out the sides of his mouth as he took me deep into his throat. I could feel his heat as he swallowed the head of my cock down inside him. He gagged a bit as he fully took me. He pulled off with a retch and a cough. His eyes were covered in tears. He grabbed my shaft and licked across the saliva and precum covered tip as he looked at me with big glistening eyes.
"Where did the hairy young muscle dude go?" asked a viewer.
Rio was sitting on the bed. His fingers toying along his lolling fat cock, tracing the veins that ran across the bronze shaft as another hand ran up his muscled torso. He glanced over at Lobo's savoring attention to my dick and I saw his own meaty cock jump against his thigh. He called to Lobo to come back.
Lobo raised himself up and ran his hands over my thighs as he leaned in and kissed mr deeply. I tasted his spicy spit and my precum as his tongue roamed inside my mouth. He yanked the breath from my lungs with his sloppy wet kiss. He pulled away and licked his lips. He bounded to the bed and instantly gave Rio a deep kiss, grabbing the sides of Rio's head and forcing his kiss deep into him. Rio pulled back and wiped a hand across his wet mouth. He laughed as he wiped his hand over Lobo's tight hairy chest.
"Fuck him," a viewer begged.
"Fuck him hard," said someone else.
"Fuck that muscle boy," added another.
Rio grabbed Lobo by the shoulders and pushed him down onto his belly on the bed and straddled him. He looked into the webcam and asked if they wanted to watch him fuck Lobo's hairy ass. There was almost an audible cheer as the tips poured in.
"He needs a fat cock up that ass," one viewer prompted.
"I wish that was me," one cried.
"I want to be on my back with that long black hair falling to my face as you ram me," one viewer dreamed.
Spit fell from Rio's lips and nestled in the hair of Lobo's perfect bubble butt. Rio spit at the ass again and it missed its mark. Fingers scooped the saliva from the indention on the side of Lobo's ass and dabbed into onto his tight hole. The young dark bottom groaned as Rio gently pushed a finger into his tightness.
"Yeah, you want this big cock in that boyhole, fucker," Rio hoarsely whispered as he slid his fat prick along the crack of Lobo's ass.
"Ungh!" Lobo grunted, the only sound he could make as he grabbed at the sheets.
"I'm about to cum," yelled a viewer.
"That bottom needs to be fucked by me," typed a viewer and posted a gif of an older man fucking a younger guy.
Rio laughed as he looked back at the computer screen. He talked to the viewers, coaxing them to tip so he could fuck his boy. With every grunt and groan Lobo offered up, the tips came. Rio's cock was purple it was so engorged and hard, sliding against the boy's tight eager hole. Lobo started to beg and the audience roared with comments.
"Ram that boycunt with that big native cock!"
"Use that boy's pussy!"
"Give that fuckboy a good hard deep fucking!"
Rio laughed and pushed his ass out toward me as he lay on top of Lobo.
"But who's going to fuck me while I fuck Lobo's tight hole," Rio asked his viewers. He pushed his long hair out of his eyes then turned back to me and winked.
Most of the viewers wanted to fuck him themselves.
"You got somebody else there," asked one viewer.
"Maybe," he teased them. "Tip and find out."
Then he unceremoniously sank his fat cock into Lobo's tight hole.