"Oh my god! What a fantastic little cunt she has!! I'm so jealous of her husband. To have a pussy like that at your beck and call would be a dream!" I said, kneeling down for a closer look.
Unable to help myself I stuck my flattened tongue out and licked between her legs in one long stroke from bottom to top, like a painter preparing his canvas. Mmmmmmmm, the heavenly taste and smell was intoxicating. I just couldn't stop myself.
I sensed you sitting down on a chair behind me, somewhere to my right. I knew you had a perfect view of everything that was going on which just added to the excitement.
Leaning my head sideways, I took the very tip of my tongue and slid it barely between her soft smooth petals above her hidden clit. I slowly opened her up as I worked my tongue slowly toward her ass. A soft moan escaped her lips. I was completely lost ... all five of my senses filled. The taste of her cunt, the smell of sex filling the room, the sound of her moan and your zipper as you took off your shorts, the sight of her swelling lips, and the touch of her skin as I ran my hands up her thighs and rested them on her firm ass.
I continued to use the tip of my tongue to entice her swelling petals to open further, tasting more of her juices. Her hard little clit emerged and I just had to lick it. A gentle tentative touch at first, just to illicit a response. She didn't disappoint. I was pleased with how much she was enjoying my attention!
Behind I heard a grunt from you, telling me that you were enjoying the show too! So much the better I thought.
Returning my attention to her clit, I quickly flicked my tongue over it for a short time. She was moaning more but I didn't want her to come just yet, so I moved back to her lips. Now fully engorged, her pussy was exposed for me completely. I licked the underside of her dew covered petals, moving back and forth before sucking the left side into my mouth. Using my tongue and pressure from my lips I sucked all the juice from it. It had been so long since I'd had the taste of another woman's sex in my mouth I had forgotten how much I enjoyed it! Her bare pussy was alive under my mouth and I was enjoying every minute of it!
I repeated the same on the right side and she moaned again. Her hips bucked lightly pushing my face deeper into her sex. I grabbed handfuls of her ass and gave them a hard squeeze digging my fingernails into her flesh. I bit her inner thighs just below her sweet cunt, not too hard but enough to illicit more moaning.
I heard you spit, I assumed into your palm, and guessed that you were stroking your cock and balls. It really was a turn on to know that I was been watched whilst I teased this delightful pussy. Before long I realized that my own cunt was soaked and juices were starting to leak down my thighs.
The next temptation. Her sweet syrupy passage was there before me, untouched, and I knew that was where I wanted to go next. Stiffing my tongue like a little prick I made jabbing motions around the opening, teasing her. Soon I pushed harder easing my tongue inside her love canal. Her whole body stiffened as I eased inside. First just a little bit, then more, pulling back between forays. Finally, burying my whole tongue inside, pressing my face tight to her cunt.
I pulled away and took a look at my handiwork. Her pussy glistened with juice, those puffy lips now spread apart framing a hard nub of a clit and enticing opening to her love canal.
It wasn't time to make her cum yet. Still clenching her buttocks in my fingers I pulled the globes apart to expose her asshole. That was my next target. Holding her globes apart with my left hand, I slid the other between her legs and dipped my thumb into the plentiful juices flowing from her cunt. My thumb glistening with her juices, I rimmed her rosebud as I grasped harder exposing her ass fully. I wanted to jam my thumb hard up her ass and fuck her with it but I restrained myself, remembering that there was no rush and I could make the waiting an excruciating delight for all of us.
Instead I pressed up close with my mouth and went back to flicking my tongue in and out of her sloppy wet slit. I could hear her breathing becoming more rapid, almost gasping. At the same time I could hear the tell-tale sounds of your hand moving up and down your cock, your own breathing a little deeper than normal. I didn't need to look. I could tell what you were doing.
I pulled back after a few minutes and gave her clit the tongue lashing I had wanted to earlier. Moving between licking, biting, and sucking the tender flesh I drove her towards climax. She was now thrashing wildly and I had to hold on tight to her ass. Keeping her cunt in place with the force of my grip on the reddening flesh of her cheeks, I continued to drive her wild.
I switched my attention back to her asshole. Opening her tender backside I pressed my teasing thumb into her tight hole. Not slow and gentle as I had been on the outside but hard and fast in one intense plunge. She bucked and screamed like an animal. Her response to my attention was driving me mad. My own cunt was as wet and ready as hers. I kept working my thumb in and out of her back passage. At the same time I moved my mouth back to her pussy, alternating between fucking her with my tongue and licking and biting her lips and clit. Her whole body shivered with the intensity of her lust.
Now I wanted her to come. I wanted to see her writhe and collapse from my attention. I pulled back with my mouth, took my left hand off her ass and slid two fingers into her cunt. I eased my left thumb down and started rubbing her clit. Her pussy grabbed at my fingers like she never wanted me to pull them out, but I started to work them in and out, slowly at first. She had an amazing grip and I had to push hard to get my fingers back in. God what a lucky man her husband was! If this is what it felt like with my fingers, how incredible did it feel on his cock!!!
I needed to fill her further and squeezed a third finger into her. Fucking her faster, my thumb still playing with her clit, I could feel she was getting close. Her breathing coming in gasps and her body completely out of her control as her back arched. Harder and faster my fingers pumped in and out of her tight cunt. I was ruthless with my hand, adding my pinky to the other 3 fingers. Harder and faster. My thumb was mashing her clit against her pelvic bone as I slid it back and forth and up and down as fast as I could manage.
Then she came! With a sweet flow over my pumping fingers, her pussy grabbing them tightly, she screamed and grunted. I didn't let up. Still working my fingers and thumb until her body started to sag into the bed. I reveled in the feeling of her.
The air was filled with the smell of sex and I knew it was from you too.
Turning my head to the right I realized you were standing over my shoulder. Looking up into your face I licked my lips with the expression of a tiger cub showing off its first kill. I pulled my fingers, shiny wet, from her and turned still on my knees to face you. Lowering my eyes I held up my fingers for you. You knelt down and sucked the sticky juices from my fingers, driving me crazier than I already was!
I looked up from the carpet and saw your cock, hard as a rock, jutting out from your body. A drop of pre-cum glistened on the tight skin of your head. I wanted that in my mouth next but I didn't know what you had in mind...
This is my first published story. I hope you liked it. Many thanks to my editor, Steve, and Scott,. the man who inspired this story. Please leave any comments you may have because I will read them to make my next story better!