We were having an office party, and plus ones were invited. It was pretty much expected that everybody bring somebody, be it spouse, partner or friend. So I figured I'd bring my exhibitionist friend, but try and get her to act on her best behavior.
I got to her place to pick her up, and she wasn't dressed - she'd just got out of the shower and hadn't decided what to wear yet. She did, however, promise to be good and not cause me any trouble.
We picked out a red button up dress, red stockings, red garter belt and red heels. She put her hair up and did her make-up and looked amazing.
We got to the event in plenty of time, and went and mingled. People were surprised to see me with a girl, as they'd never heard me talk about her, and a couple told me they thought she was out of my league. She told me a couple of people told her the same thing, but I think they were trying to tell her that they were more her type.
After the meal, there was dancing, and it would have been obvious to anybody that we were more than just friends, as Sue was grinding on me at every opportunity, and clung on tight during slower numbers. Whenever we stopped for a rest, she had plenty of suitors looking for a dance, but she turned them all down - I was amazed at her restraint.
At the end of the evening, I said we could do anything she wanted, as she hadn't done anything to embarrass me in from of my manager and co-workers. She said she'd like to go and play pool.
"Dressed like this?" I said, gesturing at my shirt and tie and her dress.
She loosened my tie and undid my top button.
"Sure," she said.
We drove to a bar that had a back room with a couple of pool tables, and headed in there.
I'm not a pool player, but a cute girl in a dress can get a game any time she wants, so she ended up joining the "play the winner" thing on one of the tables. She seemed to enjoy bending over to take the shot, and everybody enjoyed watching her do it.
Nobody seemed to realize that she wasn't wearing underwear. There was one shot where she needed to put her knee on the table to lean over and line up, and she couldn't get her knee up because of the dress. She undid a couple of the buttons at the bottom and could take the shot, flashing her stocking tops and maybe even a bit of the skin above them as she did it. She left those buttons undone, and now you could sometimes see her stocking tops when she bent over to take the longer shots.
When she next sat out a game, I undid a button at the top, and now you could just see her cleavage when she bent over for a shot.
For the next game, she surreptitiously undid another button at the bottom and the top before starting out, and there was a lot more flesh on display. When she did the knee on the table shot, you could see a flash of her pussy, and a couple of guys started following around behind her to try and catch a glimpse whenever she bent over.
She managed to undo another button at the top, and when bending over, one of her tits almost fell out onto the table. She acted all embarrassed, and said she should do up her buttons, but the guys all said it was fine, and not to worry. One guy even suggested she undo a button if she missed the shot, and she smiled and put the ball in the pocket.
Nobody else was playing by now, so there were eight guys just watching her game now. She missed the next shot, and smiled nervously at the guys and undid the next button, so they could see her chest between her tits now. The next time she was up, every time she bent more than part way, her tits threatened to fall out. When she missed her next shot, she undid another button before sitting down.
This time when she bent over to take a shot, her tits did fall out, and there was a murmur from the crowd as she put them away. They fell out again when she took the next shot and missed, and she tucked them away again, and undid another button before sitting down.
When she got up to take her next shot, I suggested that the dress was doing more harm than good at the moment, and that she should probably just take it off. The guys all thought this was a marvelous idea, and she took it off and handed it to me, then finished the game in her stockings and garter belt.
The guys were starting to get a bit rowdy by now, and were feeling her up when she passed them or went to take a shot. I could see her pussy glistening when she bent over, but after that game she came and said she was ready to leave now. A couple of them tried to convince her to stay, or come back without me, but she put her dress on and did up a couple of buttons and asked to go.
As we walked out, she said she'd enjoyed it but didn't want to be gang raped on a pool table, so she'd rather leave and get fucked by just me in the van.
When we got to the van, I opened the side door. She undid the couple of buttons and shrugged off her dress, handing it to me before getting in. She managed to shock the couple of people in the parking lot. I got in after her, and closed the door, locking it from the inside.
"We should get an 'if the van's rocking don't bother knocking' sticker," I said, as she attacked my belt. She pulled my pants down and straddled me, sinking on to my dick so she could rock back and forth until we were done.