Chapter 4: Trouble Ahead, Trouble Behind
I hadn't been living at Ashton's for a couple of months. He'd given me a temporary place to stay when I'd had some hard times and I was grateful. Temporary turned out to be over six months till I moved in with my brother. I was cutting hair part time, and still had a thing for Ashton, but somehow the relationship had changed. It seemed like every time I went by he wanted me to go down to the lake with him.
Used to be we'd sit around and party, or go see a band or whatever, but now it seemed that he wanted to organize a lake trip almost every time. I guess things changed a little the night he had that party and I got a little too drunk and asked if he wanted me to fuck all the guys there as a party favor to him. His attitude sure seemed to slip after that, but old biker girl habits are sometimes hard to break, especially if I manage to get to an altered state.
I'd seen more trains than the ones just pulling freight cars, but I guess that somehow that got left off my resume before I moved in at Ashton's-he seemed a little too conventional to understand. Besides, I had been trying to break some of the old habits, and Ashton was good toward that end. Anyway it was good to see him and these lake trips were getting to be a little more fun. It was good for a lot of free drink and smoke, and sometimes we'd go to a club or to see friends.
We headed down to the lake for a day of fooling around. We usually left late morning and this was no exception. I didn't mind having a couple of wine coolers with lunch. The last time I'd pulled my top off on the interstate, that caught Ashton's attention. This time I just stripped naked. Almost everyone could see down into that little sports car, so I'd just ride and diddle. Ash gets antsy when we get off the interstate and cut through the outskirts of town and I'm still nude. He's always worried about getting arrested, or some do-gooder mom worrying about little Johnny seeing something she didn't want him to and calling the cops.
He kept a towel that he could put over me in those situations. After three or four wine coolers I usually adopted a pretty much "to hell with it" attitude. The last time we'd come I had really started to get into the showing off aspect. I'd taken to strolling around the parking lot a little after arrival, seeing what kind of reception I'd get. This usually irked Ashton since he always wanted to get down to the lake and woods to see who was there. Last time I'd actually met Tom one of the guys he was always talking to, it seemed like he was almost always out there. Didn't he work?
Anyway he was always very brown and tan-all over. He was pretty well hung, out there that meant eight or more. In fact when I met him he'd oiled me up a little when Ashton left to get a wine cooler for me, then sat there and masturbated while he talked to me. Later he'd swung that rigid tool just a little too close as he got up to leave and wound up getting one of my patented blowjobs. Let's face it, if you're going to take it all in, you're going to gag a little, so you just have to make it work for you. Lots of times if the guy's down my throat and I gag he shoots right away, he just thinks I'm doing some kind of oral magic. The only magic is making sure not to have spunk coming out my nose. Every now and then, some wild asshole will get into holding my head or my hair when I need to be coming up for air, but those situations are easy to correct since I've got his balls in my hand and my teeth are still good and strong, heh heh heh.
On this day I got out of the car already naked. I grabbed a towel, my cigarettes, and of course a cooler and started looking for excuses to wander around the parking lot. I went and emptied trash after I'd leaned over into the car tidying up for a couple of minutes. I'd look back between my legs to see if I had an audience and if I did I'd do some extra wiggling. Ashton put everything we didn't need in the trunk, eyed me for a minute then said he'd meet me down at the first restroom.
As I put the trash away I passed a man sitting alone in his car, and made a point of passing right next to his open window. He was sitting in his car nude and playing with his dick. After I'd put the trash in the can I turned back toward him giving him a full frontal nude look at me. Then I looked down pretended I had dropped something on the other side of the can and bent over real slow and stayed that way for twenty or thirty seconds fooling with the imaginary paper I'd missed. I looked back at him between my legs, but couldn't see much because of the sun glaring off his windshield. Hope you got your rocks off, fella time to move on.
When I got to the top of the trailhead I stopped and smoked a cigarette, acting like I was waiting on someone. Truthfully, I just like watching people's reactions as they come walking in, not knowing what to expect, and find a naked twenty eight year old woman just hanging around. Sometimes a guy's jaw will drop or he'll do a double take. Sometimes the wife or girlfriend will give me a nasty look, but it's worth it watching the fella's eyes pop out of his sockets. Some are not taken aback at all and the couple will tell me to come find them later. Lots of guys walk in and out nude, but not a lot of the ladies, so I get a lot of attention since guys probably outnumber gals four or five to one.
I'd made Ashton wait long enough, so I found him at the overlook and we went and threw towels along the edge of the woods where we usually go. I was getting used to the lake now and faintly recognized some of the people. I was also getting used to bushwackers who would sit or stand near enough to get a peek of a nude or topless girl and jack off. Some of the girls didn't like this, but it didn't bother me anymore. Actually, I'd gotten to be a real novelty-a bushwacking girl.
If I felt the coast was clear (no law) I'd diddle anywhere just like the guys, I thought of it as equality of the sexes. If they can do it I can do it. Ashton put oil on me and then on himself, and we settled in for some relaxing sunning, in fact Ash went and took a dip in the lake with me, a rarity for him. Ashton said he was going back to the restroom and I said I'd come too. When we got up there we checked the view after he'd done his business and I took care of mine. I was thirsty so Ashton said he'd go back for a wine cooler from the car and I just waited at the overlook. As I stood waiting a guy came walking down the main trail.
He had on a T- shirt but nothing else. He was looking off toward the lake, and every so often he'd stroke his cock. He hadn't seen me yet. When he did, he got this look of embarrassment and then disbelief on his face and he quickened his pace. He got to the overlook and stayed off to my side and a little behind me. I noticed he'd taken his shirt off. Within a couple of minutes he moved around the bushes at the end of the overlook and went down a little trail which put him directly beneath me. It was maybe ten feet below and if he looked up between the railings he could see right between my legs. He would stroke his cock if he thought I wasn't looking and he'd gotten a hard-on. Not one to be shy I would lean over so my tits hung for him to see, and then I'd move my legs apart giving him a real good look. Soon he quit pretending he wasn't stroking off and just played with himself openly, even when I'd look down at him. He was getting that peacock proud look you guys get sometimes as if to say "Hey Babe check this out". He lasted about two minutes then shot off and walked off.
It seemed to be taking Ashton forever, so I decided to walk along where that guy had come from and away from where our stuff was. As I strolled along a guy came out of the woods and fell in behind me. He was nude and although his dick wasn't completely hard, it looked oily and like it wouldn't take much to get there. I noticed another guy in front of me standing to the side of the trial, he looked to be an exposer type and sure enough he had nine or ten inches of hard cock sticking out from his tight stomach. I slowed my pace a little and the guy behind me did the same stopping to look off toward the lake. I stepped off the path toward "flash" to my right and just lingered there in the woods looking down at his cock. I wasn't ten feet from him and as I looked back I didn't see anyone other that my shadow guy who I noticed had managed to get his dick up as well.
He'd quit pretending to look at the lake and was watching "flash" and I. Flash took two tentative steps toward me, testing to see what I'd do. When I didn't move he put himself within arms reach of me and continued masturbating his long shiny cock in a come and get it kind of posture. I was pretty interested so I reached out and took his dick in my hand and started jacking him off. I reached down to diddle my clit and found that it was already standing up, but my slit was still dry. I touched his oily dick with my hand and then used it to rub on my clit as I jacked him off with my other hand. My shadow friend was taking all this in and decided to try to join us.
Flash tried to motion him off, but I just crooked my finger back and forth beckoning him to come to the other side of me there in the woods. I took his dick in my other hand and started to feel really turned on. There I was out in public jacking off two men at once the only thing wrong was I couldn't diddle myself. One of the guys reached for my tits and started to play with them and pinch my nipples. The other guy reached between my legs and below my pubic mound and started feeling for my clit. He was clumsy and even after he got there he just didn't have a good rhythm. I could see the best way to get to my clit was to suck one and jack the other off, so that's what I did.
Since he was so unwilling to share I jacked off Flash, as I did a deep knee bend and took the shadow into my mouth. I could taste the Vaseline on his cock, but that was okay. Now I had a free hand and could diddle again. I had my eyes wide open and moved Flash where I could look at his cock as I sucked on Shadow's. I have to watch their eyes and facial expressions to see when I've hit the right rhythm. And I have to check to see if it's a technique he likes and this guy was liking his hand job, just as shadow was liking his blowjob, and I was liking the incredible feeling of doing all this at the same time in public.
Flash was fondling one breast and Shadow the other, I was turned on enough to fuck. Flash must have sensed this because he took my hand off his dick and pulled me to the bending-at-the-waist position without me missing a lick on Shadow. He got behind me and started moving his coconut smelling oily dickhead up and down the slit of my pussy. He lubed me with it a little bit and then upon finding the right position and the right entrance point he pushed into me from behind going all the way to his balls in one swift long thrust.
Un-be-fucking-leivable!! He hit a good rhythm right away, one of my hands was working my clit and, one was holding on to shadow's ass as I deep throated him and I was getting close. I looked off to the left on the trail and there was a man and a woman watching me do the fuck and suck. She had reached over and was searching for his cock with her hand and he stood jaw agape lust all over his face. This sent me over the edge and I had a really big orgasm.
I think Shadow was a couple of strokes behind and Flash was on his toes shooting his load into my pussy. I collapsed back on Flash and he caught me under my arms and held me up as Shadow grabbed his cock stoked himself a couple of times and then shot all over my tits. God this was great. I vaguely remember the girl saying something about a nice show as they walked off. I suddenly felt embarrassed and got my legs back and headed back toward where we'd left the towel. I wonder if Ashton has that wine cooler yet, I'm thirsty.