Authors Note: This is anotherFICTIONALstory. All characters in the story areFICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL.
*****
I poured myself a coffee and went to sit for a few minutes. Alan was watching his usual Saturday morning soccer games and I realized that attempting conversation with him was going to be pointless.
"I'm going to make breakfast." I told him. "Want bacon and eggs or a kielbasa omelet?"
"Sure." He replied.
I shrugged my shoulders and decided that I would prefer an omelet. While I was chopping the ingredients I looked up and noticed that it was halftime in the game.
"Wanna go and wake Cheryl up?"
Alan realized that it was an order more than a question and made his way upstairs. Ten minutes later the omelets were ready but there was no sign of Alan or Cheryl. I went upstairs to see what was taking them so long. I wasn't surprised to see Alan on his back on the bed naked from the waist down as Cheryl, still completely naked, was astride him. I smiled and sat down to watch. They were taking it nice and easy and when Cheryl started to rub her clit with her hand I knew that she wouldn't be long. Sure enough I saw her tense up and stop bouncing on him. A visible shudder ran through her body as she came. She lifted herself off of him and I couldn't help but stare at his erection glistening with her juices.
She immediately bent over him and started to suck. In very short order I saw Alan's body tense up and he tried to push his cock deeper into her mouth as he shot his load. Cheryl swallowed like a pro and licked his knob clean.
"Ready for breakfast?" I asked.
Cheryl pulled on a t-shirt and her panties and I told Alan to stay the way he was. He didn't object and we all made our way downstairs to have breakfast.
After breakfast Cheryl and I went into the kitchen to wash the dishes that Alan was bringing from the table. I noticed that his cock was starting to grow again and I pulled the front of his t-shirt up to show Cheryl. She reached out and grabbed it with one hand while she pulled her own t-shirt up to reveal her boobs. He had several plates and some cutlery in his hands and could only stand there helpless. I leant forward and took one of Cheryl's nipples into my mouth and she started to moan. We teased Alan for a few minutes before he realized that what we were doing. He put the plates and cutlery down and went back to watching his soccer.
We spent the day lazing around and teasing Alan and late in the afternoon went upstairs to shower and get ready for Marcus' birthday party. Cheryl had been driving Alan crazy all day. Her t-shirt was very thin and her boobs were almost visible through it. She made a point of making them jiggle every time she moved and to make it worse she sat with her legs open giving him a good view of her camel toe.
Cheryl got ready next and then it was Alan's turn. We both followed him upstairs and stood to watch while he showered. We helped him dry and get dressed and made our way back downstairs.
Alan drove us to the Honey Pot Lounge and, when we pushed the door open, we were surprised to see Marcus and Ronnie there to greet us.
"Sit anywhere you like." Said Ronnie. "We have a few waiters and waitresses to serve you. The kitchen is open so if you want anything to eat just ask. Enjoy!"
As we moved further in to the lounge Cheryl whispered to me "That was Marcus? He looks magnificent."
"Wait until you see him naked." I replied.
Just then a voice rang out.
"Janice, come sit with us."
I looked to my left and saw Darby and a couple of the guys from the hotel sitting in a booth. After introducing Cheryl I sat next to Darby. Alan sat next to me and Cheryl next to him.
"So, what's going to happen tonight?" I asked Darby.
"It's a party. What happens happens. Go with the flow and enjoy yourselves." He replied.
After chatting for a while Alan got up to go to the bathroom and Cheryl scooted over to sit next to me. I introduced her to Darby and his friends and it was clear that they were sizing her up. She didn't seem to notice and it made me wonder if I had been viewed in the same manner when I first met Darby. Then I remembered that the first time I met Darby was at the Reparations Dinner and I was already naked except for a pair of stockings.
I had noticed that the bar was really filling up and getting quite noisy. The booth that we were in was already full and I wondered what had happened to my husband. It had been at least a half an hour since he left the booth.
The guy sat next to Cheryl was one I recognized from the gang bang in Marcus' basement. I couldn't remember his name but it didn't matter, he and Cheryl were getting along just fine. Sitting next to him was a white guy that I didn't recognize at all. Cheryl tapped my leg and leaned over to speak to me.
"Do you want to go and play darts with these guys?" she asked.
I was getting a little bored and so I agreed. After excusing myself to Darby we stood up and started off to the area where the games were. I hadn't had a chance to look around properly yet but I remembered from the pictures that I had seen on the internet where the dartboards were. The first thing I noticed as we left the booth was a girl on the stage dancing. She was already down to her underwear and I hesitated a little as she reached behind her back to undo her bra. She fumbled a bit but when the garment fell away I was amazed at how wonderful her boobs looked. They were fairly big but not at all saggy. If I had seen a picture of her in a magazine I would have said they had been airbrushed. Her beautiful pink nipples stood erect and I realized that everything she had was natural.
When we got to the dartboards I noticed my husband playing pool nearby with three guys I didn't know. I was glad that he was making friends and he looked like he was enjoying himself.
"Ok guys, what are the teams?" I asked.
"Oh, it's just you girls who'll be playing. We are just going to watch." The black guy announced.
I knew at that moment that either Cheryl or I would be naked by the end of the game. More likely we both would.
"Ok, what are we playing?" I asked.
"601. Straight in double out." Came the reply.
I am not a dart player and I had no idea what he was talking about. He obviously saw the blank look on my face and smiled.
"Ok, the outside ring is the doubles ring. If you hit one of them your score for that dart is doubled. Say you hit an eight, that way your score would be sixteen. The inner ring is the treble ring. It works on the same principal as the doubles ring. The red bull's-eye is worth fifty and the green ring around it is worth twenty five. To end the game you have to hit a double. So if, for example, you have thirty two left you need to hit a double sixteen to win." He explained.
"Seems straightforward enough." I offered. "Any other rules we should know about?"
I knew that there would be other rules and I was interested to hear them.
"Of course there are!" he laughed. "If you score less than twenty five you have to remove a piece of clothing. If you score more than one hundred points your opponent will remove something. Sound fair?"
"That's ok with me." I shrugged. "Cheryl?"
"In front of all these people?" she hissed at me.
"Especially in front of all these people!" I laughed. "Were you planning to keep your clothes on all night?"
"Yes, well no but... oh I don't know."
"You'll be fine. You seemed to enjoy yourself last night." I mocked.
"Ok then, but I may chicken out." She was obviously nervous.
"We are ready." I announced to the guys. "Who goes first?"
"You diddle to see who goes first." Was the reply.
"What the hell does that mean?" I asked.
"Throw one dart each. Whoever is closest to the bull goes first." He explained.
My first dart hit the three just inside the treble ring. Cheryl's hit just outside the green bull.
"You've played before haven't you?" I exclaimed.
"Once or twice." She gave me a wink.
Cheryl scored forty eight with her first three darts. My effort was not so good. Two three's and a seven for a total of thirteen. I bent down to take my shoes off.
"No, no, no. Shoes don't count. Both of you should have started without shoes." The white guy insisted.
"What the hell kind of rule is that?" I laughed.
"It's our rules." He smiled. "We make the rules." He pointed at his partner in crime.
"Ok, but under protest." I giggled.
We both took our shoes off and I told Cheryl it was her turn to throw.
"Wait up." Said the white guy. "You still owe us a piece of clothing."
"Oh, what the hell." I laughed as I undid my blouse and let it fall. I noticed a coat hook on the wall near the dartboard. It seemed like an odd place for it but I put my blouse on it anyway.
Cheryl threw her darts and scored in the low thirties. My next darts were respectable but not spectacular. We exchanged throws for a little while but with no changes to our attire. Then I managed a three and an eight and my third dart hit the wire and bounced out.
"I get to throw that one again." I insisted.
"No, that's just bad luck. Take something off."
I knew that he was right but I wanted to try to look like I was embarrassed to be taking my clothes off. Truth be told, I was in the mood for it and couldn't wait to get naked. I undid the zipper on my skirt and let it drop and then stepped out of it. One of the guys picked it up and hung it on the hook with my blouse.
The game continued without incident until Cheryl hit a two and a three and her last dart slipped as she threw it and it stuck in the wall below the board.
I hadn't really realized that, instead of a skirt and blouse, she had worn a summer dress. She tried to insist that it should be worth two throws rather than one but her protests were ended decisively when the black guy (whose name I recalled was Dante or Don for short) pulled the zipper down her back in one quick movement and her dress dropped to her waist. She shrugged her shoulders and let the dress fall all the way down and bent to pick it up. She seemed unsure what to do with it but Dante took it from her and hung it on another coat hook on the opposite side of the board.
Now that we were both down to our underwear I noticed that a small crowd had gathered to watch. My husband was in the front row of the crowd and he had a big smile on his face.
The game continued uneventfully for a while and I noticed that nobody was keeping score anymore. I stood off to one side as Cheryl shot and I noticed that when she threw a dart her boobs jiggled. I realized that my rather larger pair would have been jiggling spectacularly. We had both worn bra's that displayed our cleavage but neither of us had particularly small cup bra's on.
Cheryl was obviously nervous now that she knew that three bad darts would see her revealing herself to the crowd and, sure enough, two darts off of the board and one in the seventeen gave her a deer in the headlights look. I crossed my arms in front of me and waited for her to act. She turned away from the crowd and reached behind her back. Dante grabbed her and turned her to face everyone as she undid her bra. With the clasp undone she held the bra against her boobs until Dante took her arms and raised them over her head.
As her boobs were exposed a cheer went up and I heard more than one wolf whistle. At this point I was just throwing the darts rather than aiming them. Quite honestly I had lost interest in the game and just wanted to be able to strip naked.
It wasn't long before my lack of effort showed and I turned to face the crowd and slowly took off my bra. Even though I had stripped for a guy the previous evening the moment of the reveal was still a thrill. I stepped back and hung my bra with my blouse and skirt.
With no bra to contain "the girls" (as my husband likes to refer to them) my jiggling was putting me off. Dante had noticed this and, just as I was about to throw, he came up behind me and put his arms around me and cupped my boobs.
"Let me hold these puppies for you." He said.
As I was about to throw he took my nipples between his forefingers and thumbs and started to tweak them. My first dart landed in the seventeen, my second dart thudded against the wooden cabinet that surrounded the board and my third dart fell a good three feet short of the board.
"Looks like you just lost the game!" he exclaimed.
"That's not fair. You put me off. You interfered with me." I protested.
"Nothing in the rules against that." He stated as if it were a matter of fact.
"I should be allowed to throw again." I insisted.
"Are you forgetting who makes the rules for this game?' he asked. "Let me consult my assistant referee and see if it's against the rules."
They had a quick conference and then Dante turned to me and made the Roman thumbs down signal.
He stood there staring directly at my tiny little panties and started quietly to say "Off, off, off." The crowd picked up on it and soon they joined in. I had no choice but to start to peel my panties down. I tried to look nervous and unsure but in reality I was loving it. I bent over to pick up my panties and then went over to put them on the coat hook with the rest of my clothes. Again I had the thrill of being naked in front of a lot of hungry men. It was still as thrilling as it was the very first time.
The game continued for a little while until I somehow managed to shoot one hundred and five. It was a total fluke and I heard Cheryl gasp as the score was announced. She knew that she had no choice and off came her panties.
I went over to her and hugged her. "How are you feeling?" I asked.
"Very nervous but very excited." She replied.
"Ok, let's go and play pool and really give them a show." I winked at her.
"Let's do it!" she agreed.
We walked through the crowd to one of the pool tables. A guy racked the balls and I broke. We both made sure to over reach and open our legs when we were taking a shot. Halfway through the game we were both excited beyond belief. The cue ball ended up near one of the corner pockets and my shot was a ball into the far corner pocket. I bent over to make it seem like I was looking at the line. In reality I was showing off my pussy to the guys behind me and my boobs were swinging for the benefit of the guys in front.
With my legs apart I lined up to take the shot. It was a shot that I never got to make. Before I had a chance to shoot I felt something probing my pussy. I felt it parting my lips and then it pushed deep into me. I really didn't care who it was. It felt wonderful and I dropped the pool cue and started to push back.
I gasped on each thrust and soon felt that familiar tingle running through my body. My breasts were swinging back and forth in time to his rhythm and I knew that I would come very soon. My first orgasm of the evening was gorgeous and when my writhing had subsided the guy pulled out and shot his load over my ass and up my back.
My legs were wobbly and I hung on to the pool table for a minute or so. When I turned to look the guy had gone. I still have no idea who it was. Alan told me later that is was a black guy that he didn't recognize.
Cheryl had watched me getting fucked and I could tell that she was ready to get hers too. She leant against the pool table and bent over to wait. She didn't have to wait long before I heard her gasp as she was penetrated. A few seconds later I was also taken again. As I pushed into him I felt my breasts banging against the side of the pool table. It hurt a little but, mixed with the pleasure of feeling a cock stroking my insides, it wasn't long before I went over the edge again and orgasmed.
When the guy had finished with me I decided to take a walk and see what else was happening. Walking naked in a crowd of guys who were mainly still fully clothed still gave me that exhilarating feeling of being both vulnerable and desirable. For a moment I regretted being such a prude in my younger days. My feelings changed back to lust as I got free of the crowd and saw a naked white man walking toward me. I couldn't help but gawk at the monster that was swinging between his legs. It was easily as big as Marcus' cock and I guessed that he must have been snipped because its purple mushroom head was clearly visible and inviting.
I looked up at his face and realized that his attention was concentrated entirely on my boobs. As we passed I put my hand on his stomach as close to his cock as I could without actually touching it.
"I'm looking forward to entertaining you later." I purred as my hand slid down his stomach and onto the object of my desire.
I ran my fingers slowly and gently down the length of his member.
"I look forward to being entertained." He replied.
As we went our separate ways he turned and slapped my ass hard. Really really hard. My butt cheek stung but I remembered being taken roughly at the Reparations Dinner. It wasn't something that I wanted every time but I was looking forward to seeing him later.
The next thing I saw was Marcus sitting on a chair with a naked black girl grinding on him. He was still fully clothed and I noticed that his hands were behind the chair. As I moved toward the bar I bumped into Ronnie.
"Enjoying yourself!" she yelled.
"Very much so." I replied. "How is Marcus enjoying his birthday?"
"Look at him. He's like a fox in a henhouse." She laughed.
It was at this point that I noticed that his hands were tied behind him to the back of the chair. He was straining forward to try to get the girls nipple into his mouth but she was teasing him perfectly by keeping just out of reach.
"How long has he been tied to that chair?" I asked.
"This is his third girl." Chuckled Ronnie. "When he gets loose we'd better watch out."
I noticed the bulge in his pants and laughed.
"All the girls have agreed to strip for him tonight and drive him crazy." She said. "And then we have a special treat for him later."
"How come I wasn't asked?" I was a little annoyed at being left out.
"Don't worry. I knew I wouldn't have to ask you. Be ready at eleven thirty."
"Sounds like you have a plan." I giggled
"Yup. In the meantime go and enjoy yourself."
We hugged and kissed and I felt her hand gently rub over my ass. Again I felt vulnerable and desirable.
I wandered around for a while, briefly stopping to watch people enjoying themselves, until a guy grabbed me and picked me up off my feet. He threw me over his shoulder and made his way towards a booth where he dumped me down onto the seat that ran around the booth.
"Woo hoo!" I laughed. "Thanks for the ride!"
The guy sat down next to me and started to introduce his friends to me. There appeared to be a pretty even mix of black guys and white guys around the table, all fully clothed, and I noticed that there were no other women.
"Enjoying yourself?" He asked. I wondered if he was speaking to me or just to my boobs.
"It's been fun so far." I admitted.
"I watched your dart game." He smiled. "It was very entertaining."
"Yeah, who knew darts could be so much fun?" I laughed.
"What else do you like to do?" He asked.
"What would you like me to do? I'm open to suggestions."
"Have you ever danced on a table?"
"I do have some experience doing just that." I answered.
"Would you like to do it now?" He sounded like a schoolboy asking a girl for a kiss.
"Why not? Help me up." I replied.
He picked me up again and laid me on the table.
I decided that it was time to get as slutty as I possibly could. In my previous life I would have been horrified to be associated with the word 'slut' but now I just accepted it as a word that described my part in my lifestyle. I was enjoying myself and my marriage stronger than ever and my sex life with my husband was better than ever. I knew that this lifestyle would end at some point but I also knew it wasn't at this point.
I sat up and turned to face him. Leaning back with my arms behind me for support I parted my legs and smiled at him. I made a point of looking down between my legs knowing full well that he would do the same. I opened and closed my legs a few times and then he looked up at my face. I winked at him and blew him a kiss and nodded towards my pussy.
"I trust I will see you later." I offered.
He nodded his head and I turned over to get on my hands and knees. I wiggled my ass for him and then crawled slowly on my hands and knees towards the guy sat opposite. I gave him a similar show to the one that the previous guy had except that this time I put one hand on my pussy and spread my lips for him. He smiled at me and ran his hand from my knee down to my pussy. I pulled my own hand away and waited to see what he would do.
He immediately found my clitoris with his thumb and then eased two fingers into me. The combination of his thumb stroking my clit and his fingers sliding in and out of my soaking wet pussy was heavenly. Before long I leant back on my elbows and then right onto my back. It wasn't long before my hips started to gyrate as I inched closer to another orgasm. I was vaguely aware of my boobs rocking back and forth and I could clearly hear my panting and whimpering above the music.
The moment came and I lifted my bum off the table and started to fuck his fingers as much as they were fucking me. My orgasm was violent and the guy pulled his fingers out quickly almost as if he was afraid that I was going to break them. When my orgasm subsided I had to just lie on the table until my breathing returned to normal. When it did I sat up and inched my way to the edge of the table where a guy took my hand and helped me down.
I needed to rest a bit and so I made my way back to the dart board and quickly put my clothes back on. Then I went into the bathroom to freshen up and brush my hair. I felt a little out of place with my clothes on but I needed some time to recover. I decided to head over to the bar and get myself a glass of wine.
Drink in hand I decided to wander around to see what was going on. The first thing I saw was Cheryl getting spit roasted by two black guys. Her boobs looked magnificent and I wondered if I could organize a ladies only evening soon. I resolved that I would float the idea to Ronnie and see if she knew some ladies that might participate.
Then I remembered the area that was blacked out in the internet photos of the bar that we looked at. I circled back around the bar and made my way down a very short corridor. The walls in this part of the bar were painted black and I noticed a small chink of light showing from what appeared to be a gap in some black curtains. I slipped through the curtains and was stunned at what I saw. The room was decorated like a dungeon and most of the "equipment" in the room was being used. There was a naked white lady whose hands were tied together and she was suspended on a hook.
Her feet were a few inches off of the floor and she was being whipped by a man dressed entirely in black leather. I could see red marks on her back and ass and, as she slowly spun round, on her boobs and stomach. I had to admit to myself that it was a turn-on from my point of view but I would not want to be the woman who was getting whipped.
As if to even the score there was a guy chained to a wall while a woman paddled his ass. There was a woman also chained to a wall exactly like I was one time in Marcus and Ronnie's basement. She was spread-eagled and a guy was working on her pussy with some kind of clit stimulator. She was whimpering a lot and I decided that it was definitely something that I would like to try.
Probably the most shocking thing for me was seeing a white guy secured to a cross that was laid almost horizontal. He was naked and he had a black woman who was almost fully clothed sitting on him but not really moving much. On closer inspection I realized that she wasn't wearing underwear and even closer inspection made me realize that she was sitting on my husband. He later told me that he was fully erect and inside her but she was teasing him by only occasionally squeezing her pussy muscles or lifting up and down on him. She had got him close to orgasm several times in the twenty five minutes that she was sat on him but she wouldn't let him cum. He said his cock hurt so much but when she finally brought him off it was the best orgasm that he had ever had.
As I looked around I remembered a conversation with my husband where I had floated the idea of being dominated and treated a little roughly. He said that he knew someone who knew someone who could arrange it. I made a mental note to discuss the idea with him again soon.
I wandered back out into the main room to see if it was time for me to strip for Marcus. Unfortunately I still had forty minutes or so before it was my turn. I watched a woman remove her bra and panties as she danced in front of him and then I turned away to find other amusements. It didn't take long to find it.
I came upon a booth that was occupied only by fully clothed women. I wondered what was about to happen when all of a sudden I saw the white guy with the monster cock climb up onto the table. There were two empty seats and I quickly sat down. To my surprise Cheryl, now fully clothed, sat down beside me.
"Having a good time?" I asked.
"Fuck yeah!" she replied.
"Have you seen this guy yet?" I nodded at the guy on the table.
"No, should I have?" she answered.
"Wait and see." I winked at her.
I heard a cheer and looked up in time to see the guy's shirt fly across the table where it was adroitly caught by a thrilled lady. I couldn't imagine how she would have reacted if it had been his underwear.
The guy teased us with the zipper on his pants for a little while but when he let them fall there was an audible gasp from the audience. He was wearing a pair of white bikini briefs and the size of his cock was obvious.
He was nowhere near being erect yet but even at this stage his cock was bigger than most guys when they were hard. As he danced around on the table all of his movements seemed to revolve around his hips. The outline of his semi-erect cock was wonderfully visible. I couldn't help but focus on the shape of its head straining against the almost see through material.
He teased all of the women sitting around the table one by one. He knew exactly what we all wanted and he soon started to ease the briefs down. He was very slow and deliberate as he moved around the table making sure that we all got to see the slow reveal. Finally, when only the head of his cock was hidden, he stood in front of the lady next to me and pushed the thin material down and the head sprang free.
When I saw him naked earlier he was aroused but not hard. Now he was clearly excited and fully erect and he looked even more magnificent. He kneeled in front of the woman next to me (I spoke with her later and found out that she was his wife) and she reached out and put both hands on him. She pumped him several times and he smiled and winked at her.
Then he knelt in front of me as if he was presenting it to me. I stood up and leaned forward intending to run my hand along it. I noticed a drop of pre-cum glistening on the tip. I couldn't stop myself from taking it into my mouth and licking it off. Then I did put both hands around his shaft and was surprised at how hot it felt. I ran my hands down the entire length of his penis several times before I cupped his balls and gently squeezed them. After playing with his balls for a few seconds I ran my hand back up his shaft and leaned forward again to kiss the head.
As he moved towards Cheryl I leaned back in my chair to watch her enjoy him and I felt a pair of hands massage my shoulders. I looked back to see who it was and was surprised to see my husband. He leant forward and kissed my cheek and said "You really want that thing don't you?"
I admitted feely that I did and he said "Let me know when you are going to. I want to watch."
I twisted sideways a little more to offer him a kiss and noticed that he was totally naked. This was a little bit of a role reversal as it was usually me that was nude and him fully clothed. I found it refreshing and exciting to see him on display for everyone to see. He wasn't the biggest guy there but he looked pretty good. I reached forward and put my hand under his balls.
"These things keeping busy?" I asked.
"They're doing the business." He laughed.
I ran my hand down the inside of his leg and noticed that his cock had started to stir.
"Looks like you're almost ready for another go."
"Yes, I think I'll go and see what's happening at the pool tables." He replied.
I watched him walk away and he soon disappeared into the crowd. Apart from the guy on the table he was the only naked person that I could see. He had come a long way.
I turned to watch the guy dancing on the table and I could feel my own juices starting to flow again. I watched him perform for another twenty minutes or so and then felt a tap on my shoulder.
"Are you ready for Marcus?" Ronnie asked.
"Of course. I'll be right there." I replied.
The guy on the table was kneeling in front of me again so ran my hands over him again and leant forward to kiss the head of his cock one more time before standing up and heading off to strip for Marcus.
Marcus was still tied to the chair and, although he must have been enjoying himself, he looked quite frustrated. I sat on his lap facing him and put my arms around his neck.
"Enjoying yourself?" I asked.
"Yes, in a very restricted kind of way." He laughed.
"Don't worry, I understand that I am your last stripper for the night."
"Ok, let's see what you've got." He replied.
"You know exactly what I've got." I giggled. "You've seen it enough times."
"Strip." He ordered.
I started by undoing the buttons of my blouse while still sitting on his lap. When I shrugged my blouse off I stood up and slowly unzipped my skirt. That fell away easily and I started to rub my boobs into his chest as I kissed his face and neck. I undid my bra and let it fall and then spent several minutes teasing him with my nipples. Eventually I let him take one into his mouth and rub his tongue over it. Then, standing with my back to him, I bent over and eased my panties down over my ass and let them slide down to my ankles. Now that I was naked I sat on his lap again and rubbed my boobs over his face before leaning back with my hands on his thighs so that he could get a good view of my pussy. I knew that my mandate was only to tease him but I so wanted to untie him and let him take me.
With my striptease done I stood aside and got dressed as four guys picked up Marcus and his chair and lifted it onto the stage. He sat there in darkness for a moment until the stage lights were turned on and the music started. The curtain at the back of the stage was drawn back and Ronnie danced her way across the stage.
She was dressed in a long flowing white dress that billowed as she moved gracefully around the stage on three inch heels.
The arms of the dress had wispy wings that she used to brush over Marcus and the front of the dress was held by a clasp around her throat but was open from there to just below her navel.
She danced around him making sure to touch and caress him gently. Her dance was beautiful to watch but not particularly erotic at this stage. Shortly into her second song she undid the clasp at her throat and the dress simply fell off of her. She stepped out of it and slipped off her heels. She was now wearing only a white half cup bra and matching thong. She was intentionally only entertaining Marcus but everyone else in the bar was watching. Halfway through the second song she took off her bra and I envied how lithe and supple her body was. Her boobs were pretty much average size but beautifully shaped and topped off with gorgeous dark nipples. Before the end of the song she stripped off her thong and danced naked. The third song was all about teasing and touching Marcus but even though she held her nipples close to his mouth he was not allowed to kiss them.
At the end of the third song two black guys picked her up and carried her to the bar. She danced on the bar for a minute or so and then got down on to her hands and knees. At this point another guy undid Marcus' restraints and he stood up and stretched. He went over to the bar and climbed up next to Ronnie. He frantically ripped off his clothes and lay down with Ronnie. After a few minutes of kissing and caressing he knelt behind her and eased himself into her pussy.
She gasped and shuddered as he went deep and soon they were united in a steady rhythm. After five minutes or so he picked up the pace and they both started to grunt and groan. Soon their black bodies were soaked in sweat and it was pretty obvious that they were both close to orgasm. When the moment finally came they both lie on the bar panting. They soon recovered and Ronnie kissed and hugged him and they lay still for several minutes.
The audience was silent for a few moments before a round of applause broke out. All of a sudden the atmosphere changed. There was no doubt about it. People, including me, wanted to fuck. Owing to the fact that the guys outnumbered the girls by quite a large margin I knew that I was in for a busy time and that excited me. I felt a guy's hands on my hips and turned around to see who it was. I almost swooned when I found myself staring straight into the chest of the white guy with the huge cock. I had planned to strip sexily for him at some point in the evening but unfortunately this wasn't it. In my desperation to feel his cock inside me I, almost frantically, started to tear at my own clothes. My striptease was anything but slow and sexy.
As soon as I was naked he picked me up as if I weighed nothing and hoisted me up so that my legs were over his shoulders and my pussy was in front of his mouth. I felt his tongue on my clit and I immediately started to lose it. Occasionally he would stop licking me and it seemed like he was actually drinking from my pussy. I pushed as hard against his mouth as I could and I knew that nothing could stop me now. My hips had a mind of their own and when he switched back to licking my clit I simply could not hold out any longer. My entire body felt like jelly. I had never been tongued out that way before and I can't imagine ever having a comparable orgasm again. He lowered me down onto my feet but my legs gave out and I slipped down to my knees.
As luck would have it I was at the ideal height to start undoing his pants. I was still panting hard but I wanted that cock. With his pants gone I felt his cock through his briefs and felt it twitch. I quickly slipped his underwear down before he got hard so that I could watch him grow. When I was satisfied that he was fully erect I cupped his balls with one hand and put my lips over the head of his cock. Now it was his turn to be orally pleased. Somewhat selfishly though I was not going to allow him to cum in my mouth. I wanted to feel him in my pussy.
I stood up and unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it over his shoulders. "How do you want me?" I whispered.
"On your hands and knees." He ordered.
I immediately got on my hands and knees and parted my legs. I knew that my pussy was soaking wet but he checked me out with his fingers and I gasped. Then I felt the tip of his cock probing my slit. He teased me for a moment and then I felt him push a little and I felt the head slip inside me. He obviously knew that he had to take it slow and he was very considerate with me. Little by little he eased into me and slowed down when it became clear that it was too painful. Gradually the pain dissipated and he started to push a little harder and quicker.
Another guy came and presented his cock to my mouth but I shook my head and he backed off. By now the guy was really going at it and my screams and squeals got louder and louder. Even Marcus had not reamed me out as good as this guy was. I knew that I was close to cumming again and I hoped that he was too. I simply couldn't take much more. Thankfully I felt his cock engorge even more and then he shot several warm streams into me. He pulled out and I collapsed onto the floor as my own orgasm shook me.
I felt someone touching my arm but I wasn't ready for anything just yet. The guy was pretty insistent and I really felt like telling him to fuck off. Then I heard a voice telling me to sit up and take a sip. It took a few moments to realize that it was my husband's voice and he was holding a drink for me. I sat up with my back against the side of the stage and took a sip. It was a very strong rum and coke and was exactly what I needed. A couple more sips and I started to feel ready to get involved again.
I sat there with my back to the stage and my arms resting on my knees and I realized that my legs were apart and my pussy was on display. I can't figure out why I hadn't noticed before but my husband was also naked and had a pretty good erection going.
"Wanna fuck me?" I asked.
"I'd love to." He replied.
I stood up and turned around and put elbows on the stage. He lined up behind me and eased his cock into me. He started slowly but soon he picked it up and I responded by pushing back onto him. It was too soon after my recent orgasm for me to have another but the feel of his cock in me and the sensation of receiving his warm streams of cum certainly put me in the mood for more.
He slipped out of my pussy and then the bastard slapped my ass hard. I yelped and then started laughing. I looked over my shoulder at him as he walked proudly away and swore revenge. It was at that point that I noticed a group of guys gathering behind me. Some of them were already naked and it was obvious what they were looking for. I smiled at them and turned back toward the stage and adopted the position. The first guy was in and out within a couple of minutes and the next guy stepped up. He ran his hand over my ass and then down towards my pussy. I opened my legs a little further and felt his fingers searching for my clitoris. He found it and I gasped. My pussy was soaked with my own juices as well as my husband's cum and of that lubrication allowed his fingers to move smoothly over me.
I still wasn't ready to orgasm again and soon his impatience got the better of him and I felt his cock slide inside of me. Even though there was no chance of me coming again I still enjoyed the feel of his meat in me. Just then I felt a tap on my shoulder and looked around. There was a completely naked black lady smiling at me.
"Mind if I join you?" She asked.
"Make.. ooh..yourself..oh..at...at... home." I gasped. My lover was pounding me in earnest now and I was finding it difficult to talk. The lady adopted the same position as me and it was soon clear that she was also getting pounded fiercely. I welcomed a few more guys inside me and then decided that I'd had enough.
I looked up at the clock behind the bar and was surprised to see that it was already nearly two o'clock. It didn't take me long to find my husband. He was fucking Ronnie on the stage and Cheryl was nearby being taken from behind by Dante. As each of them finished I let them know that I was ready to leave and then went to find my clothes.
While hunting for my clothes I came across Darby sitting on a chair. I straddled him and he took a nipple into his mouth. It wasn't long before I felt him fumbling for my pussy and so I sat back a little and spread my legs.
He fingered me for a few minutes and then asked "I didn't get to see much of you tonight. Perhaps sometime soon?"
"Of course. I'll call you tomorrow and perhaps we can arrange to have some fun." I replied.
"I look forward to your call." He answered.
As I stood up I saw my now fully clothed husband approaching with my clothes. Cheryl was walking beside him but she was still naked.
"He won't give me my clothes." She complained.
"You're not getting yours either." He told me. "You two are going home naked."
"Ok." I giggled. "But at least let us have our shoes. It's a gravel parking lot remember."
We put our shoes on and I strode boldly out into the parking lot. Cheryl was not so bold and tried to hide behind me. We got a few yells of approval from some other departing guests and got into the car.
"Put the seat warmers on please." I asked. He put the front and back seat warmers on and we got out of the parking lot and started our journey. It wasn't until we had to stop at a red light before we were noticed. It was an older couple in a pickup truck and they honked their horn. I looked over and was glad to see them both laughing. I put my hands under my boobs and lifted them up so that they got a better view and I looked behind and noticed Cheryl shrinking as low into her seat as she could.
"Lighten up girl." I laughed. "Give them a show."
"Give me my clothes." She begged.
The rest of the trip was uneventful and we even made it into the house from the underground parking without being seen. Once we were in the house we all realized how tired we were and the three of us climbed into our queen bed. I ran some of the best moments of the evening back in my head and determined that I had to find out who the white guy with the massive cock was. I had enjoyed the evening but I realized that my favourite situation was when I was the only female among a group of guys. I didn't mind if perhaps there was one other girl there to help share the load but I had less interest in parties where there were lots of women.
I did enjoy the Reparations Dinner because, even though there were forty nine other women there, I often found myself alone with multiple guys. My first mini gang-bang in my house was fantastic. I was the only female and four guys fucked me time and time again. It was even better because my husband was there to watch it all.
The evening in Marcus' basement when Linda and I shared seven or eight black guys was incredible and the time in my own house when I was blindfolded and used was high on my list as well. Linda seemed to have disappeared but Cheryl had come back into my life and, if tonight was anything to go by, was not averse to plenty of action.
When I woke Alan was no longer in bed. I could smell freshly brewed coffee and the occasional clink of cups and spoons. Cheryl groaned and rolled over onto her back. I ran my hand up her thigh, gently across her muff and up to her breasts.
"Morning. Sleep well?" I asked.
"Yeah." She answered.
She made no attempt to stop me playing with her nipple and so I pushed the covers to the bottom of the bed and ran my hand down her body and started playing with her pussy. She parted her legs for me and I slipped a finger into her. After a couple of minutes I knelt between her legs and put my tongue on her slit. I heard her gasp as I started to lick. I could still smell the previous evenings' activity on her and soon felt a dampness growing between my own legs.
I became aware of movement near the bedroom door and I looked over to see my husband holding two coffee mugs. He was still naked and his cock was growing. I smiled and winked at him and went back to licking Cheryl's pussy. I heard him put the coffee mugs down and felt his fingers probing my pussy. He rubbed his thumb over my sphincter and I parted my legs a little more to let him play. It was only moments before I felt his cock pushing into me.
We spent the next few hours in bed and eventually I got up to make lunch. The rest of the day was spent in naked pleasure. The following morning Alan and I had to get up to go to work and we left Cheryl still asleep in bed.
On the way to work I started to think about what adventure I would like to undertake next. I decided to call Darby soon to ask him to set something up for Cheryl and myself. Or perhaps it would be just for me! Being a slut was fun!