After I had submitted the story about up close and personal exhibitionism with the guys in the hotel rooms, I realized we had left out the stories about our St. Martin trips. I wish I had submitted this story as part 5 in the exhibition series as it is straight exhibitionism without the involvement of anyone else. Because of this, it is a milder story (or a collection of several stories) than the stories about our involving other guys in our exhibitionism. It may not be too late, so I will submit this one as Part 5 and see if it is accepted. So here is another prequel to the Up Close And Personal story.
For a while I had wanted to go to France and to a nude beach. My husband was doing research on the internet and found St. Martin, which is a French/Dutch island in the Caribbean and is much closer than France. One of the beaches there is Orient Beach and is one of the prettiest beaches in the world. One end of Orient Beach is owned by Club Orient which is a nude resort. We weren't ready for a full nude resort experience, but were intrigued by the idea of visiting a nude beach.
He found the newest hotel on the French side was the Alamanda. The pool, as well as the beach in front of it was topless but not nude. We decided we could walk down to Club O and see what it was all about. We ended up staying on the beach naked at Club O every day after our first day there. We took to it like the proverbial ducks to water.
First Trip To St. Martin
At Club O there is a beach restaurant named Papagayos and a beach bar called the Perch. You will hear me talk about them later. We spent a lot of time there. But all of that came in later years. Here is the story of my first ultimate female exhibitionist experience and some of our experiences at Club O. I call it the ultimate exhibitionist experience because it is the most a female can do to show off—have sex with her partner while being watched by another man, other men or a couple. Never ever thought that would be me! The ultimate male exhibitionist experience is a bit different.
On our first trip to St. Martin we stayed at the Alamanda. We had asked for a second floor room for a view of the beach, but they were full, so we had a ground floor room. Funny how our getting a ground floor room would change our lives forever. The room had a patio that opened (sliding glass doors) toward the pool and the breakfast area. There was a sidewalk from the office/pool area to the beach that was to the rear of our patio . We would sit out there naked for coffee in the mornings and late in the day for cocktails before going to dinner. There was a waist high wooden fence and some bushes around the patio, so we had some privacy when sitting out there without our clothes. If someone had walked up to talk to us, we would have been caught, but neither of us cared.
One night we came back to the hotel after dinner and drinking (too much drinking, as it turned out!). I took off my skirt and top (wore no underwear on the trip) and lay on the bed naked. My husband was naked also. I was watching the Olympics. The curtains were opened about 6 ft., the way they had been during the day. After being on the beach naked all day, it didn't seem to be a big deal to be naked in the hotel room with the curtains open. A lamp by the bed was on.
My husband started fooling around with me. I was getting aroused and very aware that the curtains were open. That added to the excitement. I was wet. My husband was hard. I climbed on top and completed penetration. He asked me if I thought we should close the curtains. I replied that they were only open about 6 inches; he said more like 6 ft. I said it was ok the way it was. He responded that if I wanted to give them a show, we would give them a real show. He turned us around so that my rear end, with everything exposed, was facing the sliding glass doors. The doors were only about 3' away from the end of our bed. I was humping him harder and harder, very aware that if anyone was out there I was giving them a free live sex show. It was intensely erotic.
We had been naked in the room with the curtains open for quite a while before this started, so there was plenty of time to draw an audience. Also there was a lot of vegetation around the patio, so someone could stay there without being observed by other guests (found out the next night that this had, in fact, happened!). Didn't take long for us to reach orgasm.
While my husband cleaned me up, my business end was facing the sliding doors, legs were spread with my femininity wide open while he wiped me clean. During this clean up session, my vagina was also open as I had just gotten fucked, and it was still dilated. So all of my pinkness was open to the world, and watchers could see up inside my vagina. The people outside the sliders got a lot more than they could have wished for. It was a very graphic session. The clean up session alone would have been worth the price of admission.
After my husband finished cleaning me, I got up and was going to close the curtains, but thought what the hell, that horse is out of the barn. Those curtains never did get closed!
I found that I enjoyed that type of display—never had done it before—and decided to get a ground floor room again the next year so that we could repeat if the urge came over us. At that stage of our career we didn't want to be the first to suggest a ground floor room as we didn't want to appear to be a pervert to the other.
The next year we decided to stay at Cap Caribes in a ground floor room. By this time we had admitted to each other that we enjoyed performing for others. We liked the view from the second floor, but we like giving the view even better.
Our room at Cap Caribes had the sliding glass doors on the back side of the hotel with a large privacy fence between us and the beach. The fence was about 60' from our room. There was more privacy there than at the Alamanda. My husband liked it much better. He said that anyone back there watching wanted to watch and that we wouldn't be offending anyone.
We would have sex with the curtains open all the way and my business end facing the doors. Of course my husband spread my butt cheeks so our voyeurs could see it all. I winked each night for our unseen audience. This was before I discovered the pleasure of his finger up my butt when I orgasmed. So they got to see all 7 or 8 of my spasms. When doing it in front of an audience, I will wink 7 or 8 times. With regular sex, it is about 4 or 5 spasms. The orgasms are much stronger and last longer when I think someone is watching.
I would be naked in the room, walking around, before sex so we could draw an audience for the performance. I would go down on him, and he would go down on me after spreading my labia and rubbing my clitoris for our audience. I would be on my back and he would spread me wide open, exposing my dilated vagina. I would then get on top and repeat the performance we had given at the Alamanda. We had sex each night we were there with the curtains open and the lights on, and I was totally exposed for each of those performances. He felt more comfortable having sex at Cap Caribes as we weren't right out in the open as we were at the Alamanda. We had a bit of privacy—we thought.
In June we went back to Cap Caribes to survey the scene of the crime of so many years ago. We found our old room, and noticed a few things we hadn't seen before. We had never been out the sliding glass doors in the back of the room, so we didn't know what was back there. Well, we found out!
Unknown to us, there was a walkway behind our room about 20' away from the sliding glass doors. This walkway connects the beach, the pool and the front part of the resort. Wow! When I saw that I started getting wet. We were much more exposed and popular than we had originally thought. They got a good show.
Club Orient
After a couple of trips to Orient Beach, and spending our days at Club O Beach, we decided to take the plunge and stay at Club O. Glad we did, and we haven't looked back. Here are some of my recollections about our Club O experiences taken from notes I made at the time. Club O was destroyed by hurricane Irma in 2017; it is now only rubble, but I am writing about it as if it still exists, because in my mind it does. Plus my notes were made contemporaneous with our trips, so they are written in the present tense.
The Club O restaurant is Papagayos on the south end of the beach, almost at the end of the Club O property and the end of Orient Beach. The Perch is a beach bar restaurant on the opposite end of Club O property, getting close to the non nude portion of the beach. It is heavily frequented by the "boat people," who are clothed tourists from the cruise ships. They enjoy walking the nude portion of the beach getting an eyeful of all the naked people. The women look at the naked men as much as the men look at the naked women. Some of the women will take off their tops and walk topless. A very few will take the bottoms off as well.
There have been times that I was the only naked person in the Perch. Everyone else was clothed. The tourists loved it. I loved it. Just something about being the only naked girl in a bar populated with clothed men (and some women). Once we were on our walk down Club O Beach—naked of course. We were walking at the water line when I spotted a large crowd of clothed people by the taxi stand at Pedro's (just beyond the Perch). They evidently were waiting on their bus to take them back to the ship. I immediately saw an opportunity. I changed my course to one that would put me right in the middle of the crowd. It was a large group (maybe 50 or more) of Japanese tourists. I walked right through their group. Most of them had cameras, so there may be pictures out there documenting my fearless walk through their midst. But not to worry as I, as always, was wearing a hat and sunglasses. Walking naked through that crowd got my little motor running.
Orient Beach is about 1.3 miles long with only the Club O part being nude. The rest of it is topless. The Club O portion is maybe 500 yards long. The whole beach is one of the prettiest in the world.
This was a good trip with excellent weather. We both went naked 99% of the time. We only got dressed when we left the property and on our walks all the way down the beach, most of which is non nude-topless only. He wore swim trunks, and I wore just a G-string, which covered only my genitals and my pubic hair—what little I have. Can't have much as small as that G-string is.
Most of the women on this part of the beach were prudes. If they sunbathed topless, they would put their tops on when they walked down to the water, or went anywhere away from their chairs. I was the only female I saw to walk the entire beach, and back, with my breasts bare and wearing only a barely legal G-string with my entire butt exposed. And I have a nice butt. Correction, I have seen women from Club O walk the beach topless. Not sure if I saw any this trip or not.
One day, I wrapped a pareo around my waist, and went on the walk wearing only that. That particular pareo only barely covers my butt and my genitals. On the walk back, the wind was blowing pretty good and the front of the pareo would blow up exposing my genitals. On the way down, it probably blew up exposing my butt. I couldn't see it, and wasn't concerned.
The combination of the wind and of my pulling the pareo back down eventually loosened it so that I couldn't even keep it on. Finally, seeing no Gendarmes around, I just took it off and did the rest of the walk naked. A lot of the guys enjoyed that. The women, not so much. Too bad. Get your bodies in shape, and you too can show them off.
The entire beach used to be nude, and that is the way we would do our walks when it wasn't real crowded—such as the early morning hours when we would walk the entire beach naked. But the prudes have taken over, and it is no longer legal to be naked on all of Orient Beach—just the Club Orient part.
For happy hour we would go to Papagayos and usually meet friends there and for dinner afterwards. Almost all of the women would wear a wrap to happy hour and dinner, but I went naked every night. I was usually the only naked girl in the restaurant for dinner. My husband and a male friend we met said I was a was a brave girl and a good little nudist. Their thing, and mine too, is that it is a nudist resort, why dress for dinner? I enjoyed walking through the restaurant naked during happy hour getting the drinks when all of the other women had something on. It is the only restaurant I have been too where I can do that, so I enjoy the experience of being naked at dinner, especially when the other women are wearing something. I have been naked in the Perch a whole bunch of times, but I view the Perch as more of a bar, even though food is available.
The very first night we were there was the Managers' party. I initially went naked, but noticed that all of the women but me had something on. I went back to the chalet and put a pareo around my waist. My husband got on to me for that. The next week at the Managers' party, I just went naked and was the only female to do so. It was a bit of a turn on. I made sure to walk around and show off a bit and let the men see what I had. I have the body for it, so I guess that is one reason I have no modesty and enjoy going naked when it is legal to do so.
That night after the managers' party and after dinner and too many glasses of wine at Papagayos, we were in our Chalet with the sliding glass door curtains wide open-about 12'. They were still open from the daytime before we went to dinner. It was now dark with the lights on. My husband was talking about the first time I attacked him and fucked him in the room at the Alamanda at night during our first visit to the Island. Thinking of that night began to get me interested.
Every now and then I could see a couple walking by outside on the way back from Papagayos. Our chalet was two down from where we stayed last year, and was on the path people take coming and going from Papagayos. Actually it is on the beach, but people walk between the chalets and the water. We were both naked and I was getting aroused. I leaned over and started sucking him to get him hard. When he was suitably erect I impaled myself on him and started doing him right there on the couch with the lights on and people walking by outside. I was facing the wall and couldn't see them, but he could. I could feel him spreading my butt cheeks to give good views of my pussy getting fucked and of my little pink asshole. I think having the people walk by was a little too much for him as he lost his erection. I wanted to keep on until I climaxed, but he was too chicken. I wanted to be watched while I had my orgasm.
That was the only night on that trip he would let me do that, but we did it plenty during the day while people were walking by. The view looking inside isn't as good during the day, though. But we both enjoy doing it in the daytime in front of the sliding glass doors, so that's where we had sex each day.
The total width of view is about 12' with the curtains fully open, but my husband was usually too chicken to have the curtains open that wide; hell, 1/2 the wall would be exposed to the beach! So, he usually had about 6' to 9' exposed. The last few times, he was braver and had all of it opened. Other trips we have done it to completion at night, but that is really brazen. My husband doesn't like doing it at night with the curtains open. I am the exhibitionist of the family; he is just an enabler.
It was a turn on to have sex during the day watching all of those people walk by. I would do him in reverse cowgirl with him seated on the couch so we could both see the people go by on the beach-about 30' away. When they would look in and see us, it would put me right on the brink of an orgasm, but I usually was able to pull back and continue the show. Sometimes they would walk right by our patio on the way to Papagayos, which put them about 10' away from the sliding glass doors. Now that is close! In fact, it got to be a bit distracting for me, so I would usually turn around and fuck him in regular cowgirl while he was seated facing the beach. That way he could watch the people, and I could fantasize about them walking by and watching us do it. He said about 30 people per session would walk by. My butt was facing the doors, and he sometimes would spread my cheeks wide to give good views of me getting fucked and my redeye spread wide open. I'm sure that during each session some of them got a good look at my most intimate body part.
When I have an orgasm, my tight little butthole relaxes and becomes much looser and larger My husband says the term is "winking." It relaxes so much that if my husband's finger is on it when I cum, his finger will just slide right in. I really enjoy that. I fantasized that several men got to see me wink and then watch as my husband inserted his finger. I get wet just thinking about what they probably saw.
After I had my orgasm, he would take me to the bedroom and finish doing me in there to get his nut. There were two windows in the bedroom. There were blinds on the windows, but we never closed them. After sex, we would go to Papagayos for happy hour. It is embarrassing to be standing naked at the bar and feel cum running down the insides of my thighs. It was probably visible coming out of my pussy too! Ah, the perils of public nudity. Fortunately, a restroom was not far away so I could clean up in there.
Beach Exhibitionism
I was disappointed in the quality of the male cruise ship passengers (boat people) on this trip. There were more of them than last year, but the cute factor just was mostly missing. As a result I didn't give very many spread views. One day there were so few of them, and the quality was so bad, that by 2:30, I had given no views. I was frustrated. We went to happy hour at the Perch and got some alcohol in us. My husband finally said, "Hell, just show it to any male who is not gross." So, a lot of men got views who ordinarily would never have seen my spread feminine charms. I, reluctantly, had to lower my standards.
The way I am built, when I part my legs in the reclining position, my outer labia pretty much open on their own. So, I don't have to do much to give views of my inner labia. On this trip no one got to see all the way up to the opening of my vagina while we were on the beach. My inner lips normally cover the opening. I would like to find a way to cause the inner lips to spread along with the outer lips. That would give a good view of my flower and might expose the opening of my vagina. Edit Note: On our last trip, I learned to spread my inner and outer labia with my fingers and then remove my fingers. I think the opening to my vagina is visible for perhaps 5 to 10 minutes after I spread. That is a turn to know I am fully exposed and am not doing anything to protect my modesty. My husband knows the opening to my vagina is exposed, but it no longer seems to bother him
Several days, during happy hour, when the alcohol was in me, I got the desire to go have sex, come back to the beach, spread my legs and let the boat people see the cum leaking out of my vagina and down my butt hole. I told my husband, and he was willing to donate the semen if I was brave enough to give that view. That made us both very horny. I was getting wet, and he was starting to get erect so we left and walked back to the chalet. Fortunately, our chalet was right on the beach just a couple of minutes from our chairs. He made it back before his erection was very noticeable.
We left our towels on the chairs as we were going to fuck quickly and be back in 20 minutes. This was the first day he opened the curtains all the way so that 12' of glass doors was exposed. Now, it wasn't as if someone could just look in and see all the details of my exposed body parts and what we were doing. There was some glare on the glass doors that hindered the view when people were in certain locations outside the doors. Otherwise, it would have been as if we were fucking on the patio with no impediment of view and no privacy. I couldn't do that.
The thought of my spreading my legs so other men could see the semen seeping from my vagina got us both turned on (that is really pornographic!), and we both came quickly with him depositing a nice load in me. We did it on the couch in missionary so the semen would go deeper and stay longer. He didn't bother to clean me up, as we were going to let all of it leak out while on the beach. Funny thing is, once we both got off and calmed down, we no longer had any desire to let other men see semen leaking from me. So, we never did that view the way we intended. It would get me aroused thinking about it, but once the act was over, and the semen properly deposited, we both had lost the urge for me to exhibit myself in such a pornographic manner. He loaded me up several times with good intentions, but we both had lost the urge once the act was completed. We did go back to the beach after sex with me spreading my legs, so some men probably got to see the semen seeping out, but it wasn't as pornographic as we envisioned.
Nude Yoga
The following is a story about a yoga class I took. My husband thought to make notes on it, so I will let him tell this story.
On Wednesday mornings, there would be a yoga class in a pavilion on the Club O beach at the far end. Wendy decided to take the class. I asked her (jokingly) if she was going to do it naked. She said she probably would. On the morning of the class, she walked naked down the beach to the class, and a little while later I followed. She later told me she walked naked to the class and didn't take any clothes so she couldn't chicken out.
On the way I met up with a friend of ours, and I told him Wendy was doing a yoga class nude and asked if he wanted to walk down with me and watch. Of course he said yes. He had seen her naked for 4 or 5 days on the beach and at dinner, but I think he knew a yoga class would be different. What I didn't know was how much different.
When we got to the pavilion, there were maybe 10 people in the class with two men and the rest were women, including the instructor. Several of the women were topless, but all wore bottoms except for Wendy. We watched for a little while, and I honestly couldn't believe Wendy was doing it naked. I had never seen a yoga class before, but Wendy had been doing yoga for several years. She well knew what was going to happen. When they did those poses, everything Wendy had was on display; she was wide open. Her pussy and asshole were both spread for public viewing.
Wendy's spot on the wooden slightly raised floor of the pavilion was next to a path that connects two portions of the beach. There wasn't a lot of traffic, but there was enough to make it interesting. When the guys would walk by, I could see them do a double take when they looked over and saw a naked female exhibiting herself in those poses.
We stood there and watched for awhile. I think both our friend and I couldn't believe what Wendy was doing—that she was so free and unconcerned about her body. Then I realized our friend was getting to see her spread pussy and open asshole when they did certain poses. This just wasn't something he should be seeing.
I knew we probably would never see the other people in the class again, so that was OK for them to see her opened up like that. But we would be seeing our friend again. Had I known how open and vulnerable her girl bits were going to be, I never would have asked him to come with me.
So we left, but not before he saw it all. He was only one of two men we knew personally who got to see her girl bits spread like that. The other man was a guy we knew from Club O. On our last morning there, Wendy and I were on the beach getting some early morning sun. As it was the last time we would be on the beach for a year, Wendy was giving views to any man who walked by.
Normally she doesn't spread for men who are naked as they might be our neighbors at Club O. But this time she made an exception as she didn't recognize the guy (at first), and what the hell, it was her last day. So there she sat, spread open with everything on view—outer lips open to expose her inner lips and clitoris—as the guy walked by. He spoke and walked up to us. Wouldn't you know it, he was a guy we knew from another trip and had been talking with during this trip. He stood in front of Wendy and was enjoying the view. She said she didn't know what to do. As he had already seen everything, she didn't want to show her embarrassment and put her legs together, so she just held the position as if it were the most natural thing in the world for her to be sitting there talking with him while her femininity was on display.
Turns out we ran into he and his wife as we were checking out of Club O and headed to the airport. We both come to the Island the same time each year, so we said we would see them again next year. Those are the only two men we know personally who have seen Wendy's spread womanhood.
The next year we went back to Club O, but there were no yoga classes. Wendy would have done it naked again, had there been classes. Her comment was, "I mean, where else can I do nude yoga?" She has a very good point.
A few months after our trip to St. Martin in 2017, Club O was destroyed by Irma. There is no longer any trace of the pavilion where Wendy had once again shocked me with her exhibitionism. The concrete pad is there, but that's all.
We visited the Island in 2018, but had different accommodations as Club O is no more. We visited the ruins several times. On one of those trips we saw where the pavilion once stood. I pointed out to Wendy where we were. She looked longingly at the site and said, "Damn that was fun. It makes me aroused just thinking about it." Yep, that's my Wendy.
Post Club O
On our trip last year we stayed in a studio apartment across from Orient Village On most days we would do our usual beach walk for exercise after breakfast, then come back, have a shower and head out to Club O Beach about 11:00. The resort is rubble, but there is a chair/umbrella concession on the beach as well as a smaller version of the Perch, known as the Perch lite.
On this particular day, shortly after we got to the beach, we both noticed the Perch Lite was full with maybe 30 to 40 clothed people there. Our plan had been to have Bloody Marys with lunch about 11:30 or 12:00. When we saw the crowd, both my husband and I realized the opportunity (he now thinks the same way I think). We decided to immediately get Bloody Marys, have lunch around noon and then go back for more drinks. Of course I would be the one to get drinks, as usual.
So I stripped naked by our chairs and umbrella and went to the Perch. What a rush. When I got to the bar there was one other naked woman there, a small French woman with very small breasts. Hers was the body of a child. She left shortly after I got there, and I was the only naked women in the bar with all of those clothed Americans. It was quite the thrill to walk up to the bar, place my order and wait for it with all of those eyes on me. When I got our drinks, I turned and walked out giving them all a good view of my butt as I made my way back to our chairs.
We had our drinks, had lunch and my husband said, "I'll bet you want to go back to the bar for more drinks?" Of course I did. He knows me and how much I like being naked among a bunch of clothed men. There is just something deliciously bad about doing that. It was about an hour after my first trip, and there were plenty of fresh eyes at the bar. So when I went to the bar I let them see what they wanted to see.
After we finished those drinks, I was getting sleepy. My husband suggested I go to the viewing position, spread my lips with my fingers, go to sleep and let whoever passed by get a good look. What an excellent suggestion! So I did. It was a bright sunlit day, so my entire femininity was open for inspection. It was a complete turn on. Unfortunately, there wasn't that much traffic in front of me. Although whoever passed by got to see it all. As my husband says, as long as they don't see the entrance to my vagina, I am still protecting my modesty. That's his thing, for me to protect my modesty (Hah!) Actually, when I use my fingers to spread my labia, the entrance to my vagina is visible. He knows that and really doesn't care.
So, I slept spread like that for maybe 30 minutes or so. Have no idea how many men got to see it. I was horny when I awakened.
We had some rain before 2:00, so we left the beach and came on back. Had some fun at the apartment while I thought about being naked at the Perch and spread out at the beach. That gave me a really nice orgasm, the thought of all of those people seeing me spread open like that. Then we had naps and waited for happy hour. It was a short day, but a good day.
So, it was a good trip even if we couldn't stay at Club O. I got to go naked most of the day and get fucked whenever I wanted. Gave some good views while spread on the chair and gave pleasure to a bunch of men—some worthy and some not. But that is the way it is when pickings are slim and the quality is lacking. In addition to the views on the chair, about 200 men got to see me naked at the Perch Lite. Normally it's no big deal for a man to see me naked, but when they are clothed, in a large group and I am the only naked female in the bar, that is a very big deal for me.
We are planning another trip back to the French side this year, As Club O hasn't been rebuilt, we will stay in the same studio as last time and make our daily trips to the Club O Beach. A bunch of guys are going to get some good views. I'm beginning to leak in anticipation.