(CAUTION TO READERS; this adventure contains language which may be offensive to Gay persons as well as references to non-consensual sex. Please remember that this story is based on a real-life experience and the scenario was the express desire of the woman involved.)
My 'assignments' with FD Corp. had become more and more extreme. I felt as though I had gone past kinky and right to depraved. What I found disturbing was that I was sometimes extremely aroused by some elements of the kinkier scenes. I was glad that my graduation was close at hand and my contract with FD Corp. would be completed.
During Spring Break, Ms. Stone called. It seems that a very highly placed executive with the FD Corp. Hospitality Division was flying in from New York and wanted to book an Inappropriate Behavior Stress Relief session with me. It seemed that she was one of the select ladies who had been given unlimited access to my videoed exploits. She told Ms. Stone that she felt I was capable of role playing the scenario she desired. Ms. Stone had only this advice to offer.
"Randy, this will likely test the limits of your interest in BDSM. Go with the flow. Your work has allowed important clients to show interest in the use of IBSR and we have been able to take on more young men such as yourself. Since your contract is almost up you won't feel like the one and only lab rat much longer."
I was informed that the client had just been through a very bad breakup with a man she had been dating for some time. He had been a room service waiter for one of FD Corp.'s hotels and used her attraction to him to advance his career in luxury hotel management.
He had not been completely honest with her about his sexuality. She surprised him at his apartment one evening to find him in bed with another man and it ended their relationship. He had strung her along for some time and his deception about his true sexuality had caused her extreme stress, anger and anxiety which were affecting her work.
As she had been the one who had instigated an inappropriate relationship with him and had willingly advanced his career through sexual favors he provided, she really had no legal recourse against him. She wanted me to pretend that I was Gay for the evening. I would find out later how deeply this situation had hurt her.
She was staying in a luxury hotel in Los Angeles owned by FD Corp. on one of the floors that only has a few very exclusive suites to ensure maximum privacy and security for celebrities and other important personages.
I arrived as arranged. I had been allowed to park in the VIP section of the structure, where there were almost no other cars. I had been given a white shirt, black bow tie, black slacks and shoes to wear. The clothes were very fitted and almost too tight. I was to be her private room service waiter for the evening. I got to her suite to find a cart in the hall outside her door with dinner ready to be wheeled in and served. There was no one else in the hall but I felt as though I were being watched. The food was still hot under the dish covers. It was all very eerie. To my dismay, I felt the blood stirring in my crotch as my cock began to swell and lengthen. A touch of fear had me sexually aroused.
I knocked to announce the arrival of her dinner.
She answered the door. She was a pretty, but stern looking brunette, slightly taller than I, a situation I immediately found both intimidating and exciting, after all, I am rather tall. She wore tight, stretchy black slacks and a very tight, fitted blouse as well as some high heeled 'demi-boots'. She almost looked ready to go horse riding. Her blouse was very thin and I could see her nipples poking the material. Cripes, did Ms. Stone get me alone with some sort of dominatrix? I thought of calling her 'Miss D' but I stayed silent.
She waved me in; and told me where she wanted her dinner set up. While I set the table, she sat on the edge of the bed, watching me closely. Her make-up was a bit heavy with severely sunken cheeks and eyes outlined in black. Her lips were a deep scarlet. I had worn the tight tux pants without underwear, thinking it would serve better to show my ass and basket. She ordered me to put the room service cart back in the hall. She said it cluttered the room.
I began serving her dinner, and we made small talk about the weather, how she was in town for a conference and how difficult it was to find time to herself with her high-powered job. She mentioned that she was very tired of subordinates who couldn't follow simple instructions or complete simple tasks. Faint alarm bells went off in my head but my hardening cock didn't seem to notice.
"I would imagine, Miss, that it would be very frustrating."
"It is. You have no idea how important it is for people to sometimes just do as they are told without asking annoying questions. I am pleased you are wise enough to address me as 'Miss'. Continue to do so."
"I'm very sure, Miss that I always try my best to complete all job tasks I am given to the best of my ability."
She ate her dinner for a while, sending me back and forth to the cart to fetch various items. I could sense her eyes on my ass every time I turned around. Her gaze was so intense that it almost gave off heat.
"I don't know if you realize that I am a very important guest in this hotel. I bring in a lot of business; clients, dinners, conferences, conventions... I bring in a lot of money for this hotel."
"I like to think that all our guests are important Miss."
"And making an important guest happy would be very good for your job evaluation, wouldn't it?"
I could see that she was very serious about my role-playing.
"Yes, of course, Miss, but I'm not sure that I understand..."
"And it should be in your job function to do as I ask, so long as it isn't illegal?
"I...would...imagine...so, Miss."
"Several things have not gone as I would have wished at my job this week, and I am extremely tense. I need to be in complete control of a situation for a little while. Will you agree to help me do that?"
She noticed my apprehension and gave a slightly wicked smile. She took my hand and looked at the FD Corp. tattoo on my finger.
"Don't worry, I promise not to do anything really dangerous or harmful. I sense that you can help me and be discreet. If you agree there is no turning back, understood?"
"Yes, Miss. I'm sure I'll be glad to assist you in any way I can."
"Good...that was the answer I wanted. Please stand next to my dinner chair."
I did as told. She came over and began circling me. She put her hands on my shoulders from behind and began running them up and down my body, down to my ass, which she would grope, and around to my chest where she would squeeze my firm pecs.
"Normally I could never treat a waiter or office worker like this without threat of a sexual harassment lawsuit. There have been many times when I wanted to use...and... abuse an employee. You had better realize that this isn't about sex; you aren't going to get sex. In fact, I am going to remain fully dressed. You however will be on display for my pleasure and amusement. You will be totally nude and I will touch you in any manner I see fit. Is that understood?"
"I'm not sure that I understand Miss."
"You will." Suddenly she grabbed the front of my shirt and ripped it open. Buttons went flying. She tugged at the collar so as to leave the bowtie around my neck as she tore the shirt off of me. I moved my arms to cover my now naked torso.
"Miss...miss...I don't have a clear picture..."
"Be silent! If I want you to ask questions I'll let you know."
Standing behind me, she slapped and groped my chest, even pinching my nipples with her fingernails until I winced. She liked it when I winced; she liked it a lot.
She kicked my feet apart a bit and while one hand worked my nipple the other hand reached under between my legs and grabbed my cock and balls through my slacks. My cock was rock hard and beginning to drip pre-cum. A wet spot was forming on my tight slacks.
"You're a very attractive young man with a beautiful body, just like a fitness trainer or underwear model. Do you find me attractive?"
"Umm, I'm not sure how to answer that Miss. We're not allowed to fraternize with guests that way."
"That's not what I asked. I asked you if you find me attractive." Her nipples had become hard. I could feel them on my back, pressing against the tight, thin blouse. I sensed it was time to act the part she had requested.
"Well...Miss...you see...ummm."
She roughly shoved me away. "You're Gay, aren't you?"
"Why yes, Miss. I am."
"It figures. Why is it that the Gay men usually have such incredible bodies and big cocks? You display yourselves at the gym or out in public and you make women want you even if you don't realize it. Can you imagine how intensely frustrating it is to see something you want but can never have?"
Her tone was shrill but menacing. As she said "frustrating" her grip on my shaft tightened until I groaned.
She undid my pants and yanked them to the floor. My cock popped out at full, rigid attention.
"Take off your shoes and socks...I want you completely naked; except for your tie. I like seeing it as a symbol of your subservience."
I did as told and repositioned myself at the side of her chair. I stood there balls naked with my rigid cock twitching and drooling pre-cum.
With that she sat down and picked a bit more at her dinner. Occasionally she would reach over and grab my ass or run her hands on my thighs. A few times she grabbed my cock shaft and began milking me. Her cell phone rang. She took the call.
It was obviously work related, and she was having a major disagreement with whoever was on the other end of the line. She got up and paced the room. She motioned for me to sit in the chair. She used her free hand to push my knees together and pull my balls and cock so they rested on top of my thighs...I may have been pretending to be Gay, but my penis was sticking straight up and throbbing.
As she argued on the phone, she faced me and straddled my lap. My cock was crushed against the crotch of her slacks. I could feel the moist heat between her legs. Her nipples were straining against the taught, thin fabric of her blouse. This was obviously a turn-on for her; she smelled of sex.
She finished her call and threw the cell phone on the bed. She stared me in the eyes, daring me to make a protest. She began rubbing the crotch of her stretch pants along the length of my hard cock. She was dry humping me very, very slowly. She leaned in and whispered in my ear. As she whispered she began lightly slapping my face and punching my pecs and abs.
"You have a massive cock Gay boy...I wonder how many man holes you've fucked...can you fuck a man and last until he shoots his load? How many men have sucked your dick and rimmed your ass...well tonight your hot body and big beautiful Gay cock are being controlled by a woman. Stand up and show me."
She got off of my lap, and I stood there with my dick rock hard, throbbing and drooling pre-cum.
In an effort to maintain the role I was playing I attempted to cover my crotch with my hands.
"Please, Miss, I don't understand why you are doing this. I...I'm Gay. I've never had sex with a woman..."
She slapped my hands away, grabbed me by my cock and led me to a small metal framed armchair that was near a little writing table.
She forced me to sit and then grabbed a few large dinner napkins and used them to tie me to the chair, a wrist to each arm and an ankle to each front leg.
"Oh God, Miss...let me go...please..."
"Be quiet Fag! I like to look at pretty things, and you look very pretty tied to that chair."
I moaned and struggled against my bonds, and I wasn't so sure I was pretending. She seemed to like the way my muscles flexed and pumped as I struggled. The look on her face was a mix of desire and fury.
She straddled my lap again, and began licking the side of my neck. She moved around so that she could lick and bite my shoulders and my nipples. I struggled all the more.
"I could take you if I wanted to. Has my Fag boy ever been taken against his will? I could tear my slacks open and force your big Gay cock in to my hot, wet pussy and there's nothing you could do about it. I'd love to feel my pussy juices flowing down the shaft of your big, gorgeous faggot cock and force you to shoot your hot faggot load inside me...but I told you this wasn't about sex."
"Please Miss, don't hurt me...I'll do anything." I was actually starting to panic a bit.
"Don't worry...you won't have to do much, just a few things." With that she laughed a bit and went over toward the bed, which was where she had apparently put a little bag of goodies to use for this session.
"Oooooh, What do we have in here?"
There was a gooseneck lamp on the writing table, she turned it on and aimed it at me, like a police interrogation lamp. She then turned off all the other lights in the hotel suite.
I could hear her walking around the room, I imagined her getting a view of me from all angles, but I was a bit blinded by the light and couldn't see for sure where she was. I tried to writhe around and find her.
Suddenly I felt liquid being splashed on my chest from out of the darkness. I knew the smell immediately, it was baby oil!
She circled me, squirting my body with oil as she walked around the room. I found myself struggling. This was certainly among the kinkiest things I have been subjected to. She came around the back of the chair and began to rub the oil all over my body as I struggled and moaned and protested.
"Tonight you are going to feel a woman's hands on you Gay boy."
With that she reached down and taking two fingers began stroking the head of my cock which was already wet with pre-cum. I moaned.
She began stroking my cock; very slowly and lightly...enough to keep me rock hard without letting me cum.
"I'm going to 'edge' you. I'm going to bring you to the brink of blowing your load, and then back off enough to let the urge subside, and bring you there again and again. I bet your big Gay cock always gets you what you want. Well, not tonight."
I bucked and writhed in the chair, begging to be let free. My throbbing prick was leaking so much pre-cum she didn't need to add much oil. Sometimes she would use a fingernail to trace the head and piss slit. It was making me crazy with lust. It was a struggle to pretend that I wasn't enjoying being dominated by this hot woman.
I don't know how long she played with me, but the room felt like a sauna and I was dripping with sweat. She stopped for a bit and got me a drink of water, making me drink like a child who can't hold his glass.
She made me drink another glass, and then another. With the light from the lamp shining in my eyes I couldn't see her, but I could hear her moving around the darkened room, and I could feel her eyes on me. I worked my body against my bonds; my muscles were slick with oil and sweat from the pumping and straining.
"Poor little Gay boy with the big, big hard dick. All your muscles won't help you get loose. You look so hot, helpless like that. It's making me so wet. Show me how helpless you are. Show me that your beautiful body can't get loose."
I strained and squirmed and flexed and found that I actually couldn't get loose.
Suddenly she sloshed me right in the face with a glass of ice water. I no sooner gasped and choked then she hit me square in the chest with another icy blast. My dick had started to go down a little, so she began working it again. When it reached full hardness, she slowly dripped cold water on the swollen head. The combination of the heat of being jacked off and the ice cold of the water made my head spin. For a moment I thought I was going to pass out.
She stood beside the chair and positioned herself so that she could lean in to my face and whisper to me while still stroking my cock.
"You're such a dirty Fag...you don't care who plays with your cock do you? Look how big and hard it is! I can tell how turned on you are...how desperately you need to cum. I think I'll give you blue balls."
Her mouth was on mine as she whispered, as though she were going to force me to kiss her.
"A woman got you this turned on tonight."
"Yes Miss."
"Your body belongs to a woman tonight."
"Yes Miss."
"Your cock belongs to a woman tonight."
"Yes Miss."
"You may not cum until I give you permission."
"Yes Miss." I whimpered.
"When I decide that you have amused me enough I may let you cum."
"Please Miss..."
"What is it Gay boy?"
"The drinks of water Miss...I need to pee."
"Perhaps I should have you do it right there."
"Please Miss...the rug, the chair..."
"But watching you piss with your cock standing straight up would be so hot. You would look like a fountain. How pretty your piss would look shooting straight up, splashing against your muscular body, wetting the chair and carpet. But perhaps you're right...although I don't care I have no desire to explain that kind of mess to the hotel."
She untied my ankles and wrists from the chair. She helped me stand up as I was shaky from being seated and bound for so long. She retied my hands behind my back and led me to the bathroom.
My cock was still pretty hard but had gone down just enough to let me piss. There was no way I was going to be able to aim for the toilet bowl with an erection. She made me stand in the shower, stood there and watched as the piss gushed out of my cock. I had to go so badly that it didn't matter. My bladder emptied as though it had a will of its own. She watched with intense fascination.
She led me back into the main suite, and untied my hands.
"I think it's time to clean up the dinner dishes."
I cleared the table, and was instructed to put all the plates and flatware on the cart outside the door. She made me stand at attention and worked my cock up to full hardness again. My balls were beginning to ache.
She walked to the door and pulled it open. As soon as I was outside she smiled...and closed the door in my face! I heard the deadbolt turn.
I knocked quietly on the door. I could here her laughing inside the suite. I continued with my role play which was feeling all too real at this point.
"Miss...Miss...please let me in...I'm naked...what if security comes by...what if this is on camera? Please Miss; I don't want to get fired and arrested."
"Mmmm, that is true. Being involved in a corporate scandal would be tiresome. If you can find a way to dress yourself so that you aren't naked, I'll let you in."
I'm naked in the hall, my balls ache, and I'm searching for something to wear. I saw a few potted plants, some furniture. Then I remembered the dinner cart that I had put in the hall. It did not have a removable table cloth but there were more of the same large dinner napkins that I had been bound with and I used them to fashion a makeshift loincloth.
I managed to get most of my crotch and ass covered and knocked on the door.
"Miss, I've done as you instructed. I'm dressed."
"Stand back from the peephole and let me see."
I did as told.
"Turn around."
I did so.
"Very clever, Gay boy, I'm almost impressed."
She opened the door and let me back in.
"You've been very good. I'm tempted to kidnap you, take you back to New York and keep you as my slave. Abusing you this way has made me cum...more than once."
I noticed that she was now holding what looked like a riding crop. It was a long leather wand that ended in a flat square of leather. She backed me up against one of the suite walls, and yanked the napkin loincloth off of me. She roughly ran her hands all over me, slapping at my bobbing cock with the riding crop.
"You faggots are so vain. You just love to display the muscles you work so hard for; taunting and teasing people you have no real interest in, DON'T YOU!"
"Please Miss, I never meant to tease..."
"Pump your Pecs for me."
She smacked them with the riding crop. Hard enough to ride the fine line between pleasure and pain. I felt myself twisting and squirming, trying to deflect the blows.
"Crunch those abs for me, Gay boy."
She whacked at my six-pack with the crop. Incredibly my cock was rock-hard and bobbing up and down leaking long strands of pre-cum. Why the fuck was I so turned on being abused like this?
She reached into a small suitcase that had been lying on the bed. She produced two leather wrist cuffs and attached them to my wrists. There was some kind of clip and ring assembly and she secured the cuffs to each other behind my back. Next she produced some sort of leather ring contraption. She swiftly attached it to my cock. It had a strap that went tightly around my cock and balls, keeping me swollen and hard, and also two straps that went around each testicle, separating them and holding them out to the sides.
She stood back, admiring her handiwork. She lightly raked her long, sharp fingernails up and down the length of my body.
"You look almost good enough to eat."
She reached into her case again and brought a leather collar, which she fastened around my neck. To this she attached a leather leash which she made me hold in my mouth. She seemed pleased with the results. She took up the riding crop again and began slapping at my cock and balls. She slapped the crop up and down the length of my shaft as my cock bounced. She squeezed my cock hard with one hand and pummeled the swollen shiny head as more pre-cum spurted out from the piss slit. With the leash in my mouth all I could do was groan as I twisted and squirmed, trying to avoid the blows she was administering.
"Come now, my studly Faggot, surely you've had worse punishment playing sports."
I nodded weakly. This was really hurting and my cock and balls felt swollen and sore. I wanted to yell for her to stop but I didn't want to give her the satisfaction.
"So that you remember that you belonged to a woman tonight I am going to mark you."
Before I could panic, she produced the red lipstick case. She stood very close to me, positioning and squeezing my penis between her thighs. I wished that there was a split in her pants so that I could slide my cock inside of her. I desperately wanted to fuck her. She applied more lipstick to her mouth very slowly and very heavily.
"Don't move."
She placed her mouth on the side of my neck and planted a kiss. Then she did the same to my shoulder, pecs, chin and face. As she did so, she reached down and began stroking my cock again. She worked her mouth slowly all over my body. She paused to bite my nipples as she 'marked' them. She knelt down to cover my legs and thighs with lipstick kisses, all the while stroking my throbbing hard-on which was drooling pre-cum like crazy. She was careful to just bring me to the brink of orgasm without letting me cum. I thought I would go crazy needing to bust my nut!
When she was satisfied that I was sufficiently covered in lipstick prints, she took the leash out of my mouth and led me by the leash and collar into the bathroom.
She positioned me so that I could see myself in one of the long mirrors. My entire body was covered with blood red lip prints, and my cock was bouncing as though it had a life of its own.
"A woman's mouth was all over your body tonight Gay boy, and you loved it. Your cock loved it! Tell me you loved it!"
I whimpered "Yes, Miss, I...loved...it...my cock loved it." I was so tired at this point.
She began jacking my dick faster and faster. My whole body was trembling. I could feel the orgasm building in my balls. I thought perhaps she would allow me to shoot my load and let me leave. This whole scene was crazy hot but way more intense than I had expected.
She tossed my shoes over to me.
"Put them on."
They were loafers, so I was able to manage to get them on without using my hands which were still bound behind my back.
She stepped back to admire her handiwork.
"Mmmm, with that terrified little boy face and that beautiful man's body and cock you are truly magnificent. Feel how wet you got me you faggot. It would serve you right if I mounted you."
She came close and placed my drooling hard-on between her thighs again. Her slacks were soaked with her juices. I found myself genuinely squirming and trying to get away from her. The intensity of the evening was truly a bit scary. She reached in to her bag of goodies again and produced an object that she placed in my mouth and secured around my head. It was some kind of gag. I quietly tried to form words. I found that if I really needed to I could make my emergency cancellation phrase understood. What was my emergency cancellation phrase? I couldn't remember!
"I'm bored with you now. I think it's time for you to leave."
She picked up my clothes from where they had been tossed and retrieved my wallet and keys from my pants. She put them in a small tote bag which she hung from her wrist. Next, she tossed my shirt, pants and socks in a wastebasket. She grabbed the leash and started pulling me toward the door of the suite. I tried to pull back and resist but she was surprisingly strong.
"Let's go for a walk."
"Murrfff...murrfff" was all I managed to say.
She led me out in to the hall toward the elevators. Cripes! Is she going to walk me around the hotel like this?
"What's wrong? Is my big Gay boy afraid that someone might see him like this?"
I nodded my head emphatically but resistance seemed futile.
"But you like being looked at. You like being admired. Why else would you work so hard to have an attractive body? You know your looks inspire lust in others. You're just a big tease."
The elevator arrived at our floor and she pulled me inside. She pushed a button and the doors closed. My mind was racing. I had visions of the elevator door opening to a crowd of people all staring at the wildly kinky picture I must have made. Luckily when the elevator doors opened we were at the VIP parking level. She began leading me toward my car. I was beginning to feel relieved that I was going to get out of there. Just then, I heard a loud female voice behind us.
"Stop right there!"
Miss Dominatrix, (as I thought of her), and I turned around to face a female security guard. Her very bright flashlight was scanning up and down my naked, oily, sweaty, lipstick covered body.
"What the hell is going..."
At that point she noticed just who was with me holding me by a leash.
"Oh, it's YOU, Miss."
"Yes, is there some problem?"
The guard had her flashlight aimed at me and was circling me, getting a good look, lingering on my poor, throbbing cock and aching balls.
"Well, Miss, we may have a situation here. I feel that this is a violation of the hotel dress code. "
"That's precisely why the gentleman was leaving. His car is right over there."
"Even so, for security purposes, I should check him over, if you have no objections."
"None at all, I appreciate your attention to proper procedure."
I stood meekly by as the guard produced a pair of latex gloves and put them on.
"Stand still and spread your legs."
The guard proceeded to pat me down; paying particular attention to my cock ring bound dick and balls. Pre-cum was spurting from the tip and she rubbed some around the head and gave the shaft a few strokes.
"If he were wearing pants, I would have to consider this a concealed weapon. He doesn't appear to be concealing anything, but let me make sure he isn't carrying any contraband and he can be on his way."
The guard stared right in my eyes as I watched her put one of her middle fingers in her mouth. With an evil grin she sucked on her finger slowly, getting it wet with spit. She wanted to make sure that I knew what was coming next. She pushed my chest down on the hood of my car and spread my legs wide. She inserted the finger in my butt hole. I gasped as my whole body jerked, trying to get away from her finger. Miss Dominatrix stood there; smiling, watching the guard slowly and deeply finger fuck me.
I really don't like anything being inserted up my ass but I was desperate to cum and was willing to do anything. With her finger still up my ass the guard grabbed my hair and pulled me upright. Miss D opened the driver's side car door with my keys. The guard positioned me so that I was facing the driver's seat. As the guard fingered my ass, Miss D began stroking my cock with the other. She spoke to the guard.
"Not so fast. Be sure to examine his hole very thoroughly. I want this Faggot to remember that his ass was violated by a woman."
"Nnnggg, nnnggg." was all I managed to say through the gag. My entire body ached. Sweat was literally pouring off of me. I needed to cum desperately. My hips began to move involuntarily, bucking against the guard's finger, hoping to hasten the orgasm and end this torment. Miss D spoke again.
"That's it Fag boy! Fuck her finger until you cum! I want to watch...I WANT TO SEE!"
I grunted and worked my ass along the length of the female guard's finger faster and faster. I felt my poor, bound balls tighten as I felt the orgasm rise. I grunted and let loose four thick ropes of hot cum right on to the driver's seat of my car.
After what seemed like eternity, the guard took her finger out of my ass.
"Very good, I find nothing to report. Carry on and have a pleasant evening."
The guard went back to her station. Miss D unclasped my cuffs, handed me my wallet and keys and let me get in to my car, watching me sit in a pool of my own cum. She reached in and unfastened the cock ring from my aching genitals. My junk immediately deflated.
"Drive safely."
I didn't have to be told twice. I started the car and headed out of there. Fuck! I'm naked except for my shoes and some S&M gear. I felt some relief knowing that I was almost finished with all of this. These corporate assignments were getting kinkier and more public. I should have thought to carry some shorts or sweatpants in the car!
It was very late and I took as many back and side streets as I could in order to get back to campus.
Just my luck, there weren't any empty parking spaces near the rear door of the dorm. The parking lot was quiet, but I found myself ducking in and out from between the parked cars so that I wouldn't be seen. I was naked, the night air felt cold against the sweat and I could feel cum dripping off my ass. I just wanted to get to my room and shower. I could clean the leather car seat tomorrow.
As I got closer to the dorm, I saw a campus security car driving up. This was unbelievable after everything I had already been through. I hid between parked cars praying not to be seen. I saw the searchlight comb the parking lot. I held my breath.
What would happen if I were discovered? Would I be arrested and hauled off to the campus security office buck naked wearing a collar and leash? Would Ms. Stone be able to explain all this away? What could this mean to my graduation? As I imagined being handcuffed and shoved in the back of a police car I noticed that I was sporting wood. My cock had sprung to full hardness again. Luckily the security car drove off.
I quickly unlocked the door and headed for the closed stairwell, I didn't want to risk the noise of the elevator. I made it safely to my room. I removed the collar and leash, kicked off my shoes and got in the shower. I sat on the floor of the shower with a hard-on for a very long time.
I was wondering what damage these FD Corp. assignments were doing to my psyche. I had always enjoyed being naked around crowds, especially women and being admired and sexually desired. Now I was turned-on by being humiliated and abused. I stared at the tattoo on my finger. FD Corp. still owned me, and had branded me to prove it. I was glad that it wouldn't be for much longer.