Prologue:
The following is a continuation of the Lost Creek Wives' Club (LCWC) series, and as always I recommend reading the prior one first.
As always, comments are welcomed as long as they are constructive. Thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When we arrived back in the living room we found our husbands sitting as they were earlier with Jim and Walter on a sofa, and John in a nearby armchair. The only difference was they were all naked. As for us girls, we were still wearing the short satin robes Maureen was nice enough to provide us as we sat around the kitchen table.
As soon as John saw us... "There you are, and I was just about to come looking for you."
Since it was John, Maureen replied... "Sorry we took so long, but we wanted to make sure you had enough time to re-energize."
"Well, we have. Speaking of which, what's the plan as far as proceeding with things?"
"I'm glad you asked. We gave it some thought, and one thing we decided was to forgo anyone taking videos for the rest of the night. It's not that we wouldn't like to have them for our viewing pleasure later, but it puts a damper on things for whoever is taking the video. Not forgetting for at least one other person when they are."
After John looked at Jim and Walter... "I don't think any of us would disagree. Anything else?"
"Yes there is. And please bear with me while I explain."
After Maureen paused for a second to get her thoughts together from our discussion in the kitchen, she explained how it would be nice if Nancy got to indulge in a passion of hers. But without revealing what she mainly wanted was to experience it with a dick as big as Jim's... "While we were talking in the kitchen I discovered Nancy enjoys anal intercourse as much as Lacey and I. Learning she did, one thing led to another and we collectively came up with the idea of how much fun it would be if we all engaged in it at the same time."
After our husbands all looked at each other again... "If you're asking if we'd be agreeable to it, the answer is obviously yes. But knowing you, something tells me there's more to it than us simply all having anal sex at the same time."
"Yes there is. It would be with each of you taking turns fucking each of us in the ass."
After she let them digest what she just said... "Now I'm sure you're wondering how we'll go about having each of you fuck each of us anally. It's really quite simple. Be kind of like playing musical chairs with there always being a chair there for you. But instead of chairs, it'll be one of our assholes. To start things off, we'll first pair up as husband and wife. But by the time we're done each of you will get to fuck each of us before finishing with someone other than your wife. As an example, while you and I will start with each other John, you'll end things with Lacey, but not before you get to fuck Nancy. Simply put, all of you will have the pleasure of fucking each of us in the ass, along with us experiencing the pleasure of being sodomized by three different cocks consecutively. Kind of like being gifted a box of Whitman's chocolates and sampling them all at once."
After our husbands just looked at each other once again, Walter turned to Nancy and asked... "What about Jim's big dick, do you think you'll be able to take it in your tight ass?"
"I don't see why not as I was able to vaginally. But to ensure I can, it would be best that he does me after you and John. By then I should be able to accommodate him easily. But if I can't, I'll be sure to let him know, which I doubt will be the case."
Maureen then added... "Since you all seem agreeable, there's one thing to keep in mind, and that's to switch partners in a timely manner regardless of how much one of you you might be enjoying fucking someone at the time. The last thing we want is for one of you to ejaculate before achieving our goal of getting fucked in the ass be each of you. And when I say in a timely manner, I don't mean quickly. You need to pace things so each of us gets our fair share of each of your cocks. I know it's asking a lot, but do you think you can manage it?"
"I'm sure we can." It was Jim. "If we didn't, none of you would ever let us live it down. Besides, the last thing we want is not to get to fuck each of you lovely ladies in the ass."
With that said, Nancy yelled excitedly... "Then what are we waiting for?" After which she immediately stood up to remove her robe before heading to the mattresses.
Maureen and I quickly joined her, and after we all got a throw pillow to lean on we positioned ourselves side by side bent down on our knees with our asses raised high. Nancy and I were positioned on each end with Maureen between us, and I couldn't help but wonder what a sight we were from our husband's perspective.
Come to find out later it apparently was better than I imagined as Jim couldn't resist taking a few photos with his super duper iPhone of our asses posed invitingly no more than a foot apart. He even took close-ups of all our brown-eyed girls still tightly puckered as they were.
Finally Maureen asked... "Are you going to just look at us all night or are you going to get down to business?"
No one bothered to reply, and the next I knew I felt Jim's hands on my butt cheeks as he gently spread them further apart to expose my asshole even more. He then kissed it before lapping it almost hungrily with broad stiff strokes of his long tongue.
But not for long much to my disappointment before I felt the coolness of lubricant being drizzled down my anal valley and over my anus. Followed by a finger being inserted in my asshole to insure it was well lubricated, which I assumed the same scenario was taking place with Maureen and Nancy.
After fingering my asshole for about fifteen seconds, Jim withdrew it and it was quickly replaced by his cockhead pressing against it. Then as he held onto my hips he ever so slowly pressed forward until it popped in.
By just looking at my asshole you'd never expect such a small and tightly puckered orifice could accept a cockhead as big as Jim's. But appearances can be deceiving thanks to how "conditioned" it is from how often we've fucked anally over the years.
Once his cockhead was inserted, he slowly eased in the rest of his long eight inch dick in one smooth motion. And as always, it felt wonderful as he slowly slid it in.
As soon as it was fully inserted he began a gentle humping motion while I simply relaxed and let him do all the work as he fucked me at a leisurely pace. Felt heavenly as it always does, and it wasn't long before I found myself gently humping him back.
Once again, I assumed the same scenario was being played out with Maureen and Nancy since anal intercourse is also a regular part of their sex life. For those that engage in it only occasionally it can be a slow and sometimes uncomfortable process before whoever's asshole is being fucked "adjusts" to a dick in it. But thankfully between the three of us there was no need to "slow walk" things on our husband's part before they were all merrily fucking us in the ass.
Unfortunately, just when Jim kicked things up a notch in regard to how hard and fast he was fucking me, John announced it was time to change partners.
It took only a few seconds after Jim removed his dick before I felt a different pair of hands grab a hold of my hips, along with their cock being inserted in my ass. Assuming it had to be Walter, it easily slipped in with very little effort. Not just because his cock was smaller, but mainly because Jim usually leaves me with a sizable anal gape after he withdraws his much larger dick.
As soon as it was fully inserted, Walter leaned down on me and whispered in my ear... "I can't tell you for how long I've wanted to see your pretty ass bent over like this Lacey. It's like a dream come true, let alone actually getting to fuck it."
Then without waiting for a response, his grip on my hips tightened before he began fucking me about as hard as anyone ever has in the ass. And all while he groaned like a wounded animal in between telling me how much he was enjoying my "sweet little asshole" as he called it.
Obviously everyone could hear him and I could only wonder what they thought. Especially Nancy. And even though they were all doing their own fair share of moaning and groaning, no one else was engaging in any verbal commentary.
As Walter continued to pound away in my ass I attempted to see how everyone else was doing, but couldn't because of leaning down as I was with us as close together as we were. Made me wish Jim had thought to bring his camera so he could have set it up on a tripod to video all of us engaging in anal intercourse side by side together.
Just when it seemed Walter was about to cum from the way he was pounding away in my ass, John announced once again it was time to change partners. And while Walter hesitated initially, eventually he withdrew his cock and I felt what could only be John's hands on my bum.
After being nearly bludgeon to death by Walter, it was a pleasure to have John fucking me in the ass. The few times he has, it's been very enjoyable. Plus his cumloads tend to be generous, which I like nothing more when one is deposited in my ass.
At this point, I'm going to share in Nancy's own words with some articulation on my part of her being sodomized by Jim and his big cock for the first time.
When I heard John say it was time to change partners again, I was finally going to get my wish. As much as I enjoyed both my husband and John doing me in the ass, all I could think about was what it was going to be like when it came time for Jim with his big dick.
Thankfully as planned, he was doing me last so my asshole would be about as "loose" as it gets. At least I hoped it would be as I couldn't imagine being able to take him without them doing me first. I wasn't even sure if it would help with his dick as big as it is in comparison.
I wasn't concerned with how much longer it was, but how much bigger in diameter at a good half inch or more. It might not sound like a lot, but I couldn't imagine my asshole wouldn't notice the difference.
But I figured if Lacey could take Jim's big dick in her tight little asshole, I surely could. As well as enjoy it as much as she does because of how adept she claims Jim is when it comes to anal intercourse. Adept as in being well aware of how large his dick is when it came to the person on the receiving end of it.
But even with that in mind, I began to have second thoughts about taking him in mine. Vaginally was one thing, and in spite of how much I enjoyed it I was afraid my asshole might not be as accommodating as my fuck hole was.
Once he was positioned behind me I expected him to grab a hold of my hips and insert his dick, but he didn't. Just when I was going to ask if anything was wrong, I felt lubricant being generously applied to my asshole.
As Jim's smeared it over and in my asshole... "Just to be on the safe side Nancy, I thought a little more lubricant wouldn't hurt." Then he added... "By the way, you have an adorable asshole, and if it wasn't for the fact you just had two dicks in it, I'd make oral love to it first."
Made me wish he could. Lacey also mentioned how passionate Jim is when it comes to performing anilingus, and how she even orgasms from it. Walter has never been a fan of it, and only does it if I ask. While I enjoy it when he does, it wasn't until Lacey went down on my asshole did I realize just how pleasurable anilingus could be. Especially when she tongued fucked it, something Walter's never done.
As soon as Jim was satisfied with how well I was lubricated he took a hold of my hips before I felt his large cockhead poking against my anus. As he pressed forward I thought for sure it would pop in easily after having just been fucked by two other cocks. But it didn't. Took more effort than I expected, but eventually my sphincter muscles gave way and it eased in until it was embedded just beyond my anal ring.
It literally took my breath away. Not because it hurt, although it did slightly, but because of how exhilarating it felt, and I couldn't help but moan.
As soon as Jim heard me... "Are you okay Nancy? If not, we can always..."
I never let him finish... "Don't even think about it Jim. I'm fine so please continue with what you are doing." I was, and couldn't wait until he inserted the rest of his long cock in my ass.
After pausing for a second he proceeded to insert it with a very slow incremental in and out motion until I felt his balls gently bump against my pussy.
Being the first time with such a long cock in my ass it felt like it entered my stomach. And as fat as it was, my asshole was stretched to its limit. But in a pleasurable way. Same as when someone nibbles or pinches my nipples to the point it begins to hurt. Just enough pain to cause every nerve in my body to tingle, and my pussy to twinge. And it made me wonder how it felt from Jim's end of things with my asshole so tightly wrapped around his cock.
Jim paused once again to ask if I was okay, and when I assured him I was, he began to slowly fuck me with long, deep strokes. When I say long, he would withdraw his cock until just his cockhead was embedded in me and then in one smooth motion, plunge back in until his balls bumped against my cunt.
Occasionally he would even withdraw his dick entirely before reinserting it, which always made me gasp from how good it felt as his big cockhead exited and re-entered my asshole. The same incredible feeling you get when inserting and removing a butt plug.
As long as his cock is, it penetrated me well beyond my rectum and made me thankful I wisely thought to take an enema just before the night's activity. It was almost an afterthought, but if I hadn't, any fecal matter in my bowels would have made for a messy situation. Not that a little of the brown stuff isn't unexpected, but obviously less is best, if any at all.
When the timing couldn't have been more perfect with me getting comfortable with Jim's big dick in my ass, his humping suddenly increased in both speed and intensity. Along with his grip on my hips tightening as he pulled me against him. Not that he needed to as I soon found myself humping him back to the point his hairy balls were banging against my pussy versus gently bumping against it.
As we both went at each other, I quickly realized why Lacey said bigger was better as my asshole was acting as if it was connected by an invisible wire to an electrical outlet. Along with it sending what felt like electrical impulses to my brain via my clit. I never orgasmed from anal intercourse, but from the way I was feeling it wasn't going to be a matter of if, but how intense it would be.
With my whole "being" entirely focused on the amazing ass-fucking I was experiencing, I found myself totally oblivious to anyone else being in the same room. Let alone fucking right next to me.
I eventually raised myself up on my arms to heighten the delicious feeling I was experiencing from Jim's long, fat cock "corn-holing" me when my orgasm hit me as though someone sucker punched me in the stomach. Along with losing my breath and being unable to utter a peep, let alone screech as much as I tried, my cunt all but exploded.
Not just figuratively as a watery stream shot out and showered Jim's lower extremities. A huge stream that seemed like it would never end and nearly caused me to panic as I thought for sure I lost control of my bladder. But because of the amazing feeling I was experiencing from it I couldn't have cared less as it completely overwhelmed me, and nearly caused me to lose consciousness.
Just as what can only be described as an orgasm unlike any I've ever had began to subside, Jim pulled me tightly against him. After which his cock began throbbing and pulsating in near rapid fire succession as he proceeded to flood my bowels with what seemed like a gallon of ejaculate.
Almost felt like the enema I gave myself earlier because of how hot his cumload felt as it shot deep into my bowels. Deeper than anyone has ever unloaded one in my ass. Between the two, and how big of a load it was, it couldn't have felt more heavenly and caused me to orgasm a second time.
It was nearly as intense as the first one, and once again it was accompanied by a huge stream of watery ejaculate shooting out my cunt. And once again, I nearly lost consciousness from it and would have collapsed if Jim wasn't holding me by the hips with his cock still in my ass.
When my second orgasm finally subsided, Jim slowly removed his dick and after it exited my asshole I felt a rush of cool air enter my rectum through what had to be an anal gape. Something I never experienced with Walter.
As incapacitated as I was from two extraordinary orgasms, Jim had to help me onto my back. And the second my head hit the pillow I used to lean on, I simply blacked out.
It took a while, but Nancy's eyes eventually fluttered open and when she saw me kneeling next to her as I held her hand, she simply smiled. After a minute of smiling happily at me, she finally spoke in the raspy voice of hers I love so much, and is even raspier after she has an orgasm... "You were right Lacey,..." But before she continued she looked around to make sure no one else could hear her. "... but unfortunately, it won't ever be the same with Walter."
"Maybe not, but just think how it'll give you something to look forward to occasionally."
"That's for sure, and while you've told me how good Jim was at anal, was he always that good?"
"Maureen asked the same question, and the answer is no. Took a lot of coaching on my part before he was. But I never knew what I enjoyed would necessarily be to anyone's else's liking until he fucked Maureen anally. And now you."
"You did good, and let me be the first to thank you if Maureen already hasn't."
"She has, but Jim deserves the credit for being as patient as he was with me with trying the different things I suggested. Like the long leisurely strokes of his long cock in and out of your ass at first before he literally begins to fuck you if you know what I mean."
"I wondered about that, and yes I do. I loved the way he started off nice and easy and seemed to know just when I was comfortable enough with is big dick for more." Then after she took a deep breath as though she was afraid to ask... "How was it for you with Walter?"
"Could have been better as he was a bit over excited as he was earlier when he fucked Maureen vaginally."
"I was worried about that in spite of Maureen saying she thought he'd be more like himself after they talked. I'm sorry he wasn't."
"No need to be. No harm done except for my bum and thighs being a bit sore from him banging into them so hard. But I'm sure he's not the first person to get as overly enthusiastic as he has with it being his first time engaging in group sex. Let's hope he's gotten it out of his system and he'll be fine the next time."
"I hope so. Now remember when I asked you if you could teach me how to squirt? Well I think I just did...and twice. Or else I pissed both times. Either way, both orgasms were unlike anything I ever experienced before."
"To put your mind at ease, from what I saw, you didn't piss but squirted. And now that you have, it won't be the last time. Welcome to the club, and take it from me, when you do squirt your orgasms will be just as incredible. Maybe even more so knowing it isn't a case of you letting loose with your bladder."
"You were watching us?"
"Couldn't help but not to as we finished with things well before you two. It wasn't long after both Walter and John started fucking Maureen and I respectively before they both shot their loads in our ass. Walter quicker than John, and I'm not even sure he got his dick in Maureen's ass before he cummed since he was about ready to in mine before they switched. Plus Jim has an amazing ability to hold off from ejaculating when he puts his mind to it, and appears he prolonged as long as he could with you."
"He did seem to last a long time. Especially when considering I was the last one he fucked."
"Worked out great for us that he did, as you two put on quite the show. Not forgetting how much of a workout you gave the little bell you're wearing."
What I didn't mention was how much I enjoyed seeing Jim's big dick sliding in and out her lovely asshole, along with her voluptuous tits swaying back and forth as they did when she was up on her hands.
Just as I finished, Maureen joined us... "So how are you feeling Nancy?"
"Other than my asshole being a little sore...simply wonderful."
"I know the feeling." And as though to elaborate on it, she made it a point to wince after she rubbed her asshole. "But for the life of me, I don't know why Lacey's isn't sore all the time. Or why it doesn't show any signs of wear and tear. You'd never know from looking at it that it's ever been fucked. Let alone by a dick big as Jim's."
She made me laugh... "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were jealous. Besides, neither of you have anything to be ashamed of when it comes to your assholes as pretty as they are. Speaking of which, I'm sure you must need to use the bathroom, Nancy?"
"Yes I do. It feels like Jim's cumload is starting to ooze out. Actually, I'm surprised it took so long as big as it was."
"As long as his dick is, it can take a while." After which we helped her to her feet and she made her way to the bathroom. But not before we advised her we'd be in the kitchen when she was done.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Once we were sitting around the kitchen table again with a glass of wine, Maureen asked Nancy... "While it might be premature, what are your thoughts about tonight?"
"Why do you say premature?"
"Tomorrow after you sober up mentally you might have a different opinion, or take on what occurred tonight. Maybe even regret it. So I'm curious what your thoughts are before you've had time to think about it."
After she thought about it... "I couldn't have asked for it to go as well as it has. Way better than I expected."
"In what way?"
"With it being our first time I expected there would be more hesitation and fumbling around on both Walter and my part. More so on my part. I never imagined I'd be as comfortable with things as I was. Let alone enjoy myself as much as I have. Of which you two along with Jim and John deserve all the credit. Mainly Jim for obvious reasons. And while how I feel could very well change once I 'sober' up as you put it, I doubt it will. If anything I'll be even more euphoric about what took place."
"Let's hope so, for I love for all of us to get together again."
"As far as I'm concerned, you can count on it."
Then after Maureen looked at me first... "With that being the case, and you being as comfortable as you were with things, would you consider getting together with just Lacey and I?"
I usually have a pretty good idea where Maureen is headed with a conversation like she was having, but she caught me completely by surprise. Left me all but flabbergasted, but it didn't seem to phase Nancy in the least, who without the slightest bit of hesitation... "If you're asking what I think you are, I'd love to. But if you don't mind me asking, who's idea is it, yours or Lacey's?"
"Just in case you didn't notice the look on Lacey's face, it was mine."
"Lacey did warn me."
After Maureen looked at me again... "Warn you about what?"
"When we talked beforehand about tonight, one of the things I asked was what your expectations would be about me. Since Lacey was kind enough to share the personal relationship you two have, I couldn't help but wonder if there was any likelihood of girl-on-girl sex along with having sex with each other's husbands."
"What did Lacey say? And please answer me as if she wasn't here."
Nancy looked at me as though to ask what she should do, so I nodded my head slightly to give her the okay to speak freely.
After she thanked me with her eyes, she looked at Maureen... "After I asked her what your expectations would be as far as me relative to tonight, she basically said if I was concerned about you wanting to have sex with me, she couldn't imagine you wouldn't after we met. Her words not mine. I don't want you to think I have a high opinion of myself."
At which point I had to add... "Take it from me Maureen, Nancy is the only woman I know who is totally oblivious to how desirable she is. Not only to men, but also other women."
"I've been getting the feeling she doesn't..." Then after turning her attention back to Nancy. "...which is unusual as attractive as you are. And so you'll know, Lacey was right about how I felt after we met. What else did she say?"
"She said even if you did, and I was amiable to it, not to expect it since we were getting together as couples and heterosex would mainly be on the menu."
"She was right again. Except for the one time Lacey went down on me after Jim fucked me, we've pretty much avoided engaging in Sapphic sex in front of our husbands. Maybe 'avoided' isn't the right word, but we haven't as it's not the reason we get together like we do. And before I forget, you mentioned being 'concerned' about me wanting to have sex with you, which I assume meant you were worried about it. Were you?"
"I was. But that's before I met you, and before what transpired tonight. Plus as I'm sure you know from Lacey, my only experience when it comes to sex with another woman is with her, and I didn't know if I could with anyone else. Not because of being new at it, but because of how I feel about Lacey."
"Trust me, I feel the same way about Lacey too. Maybe not exactly the same, but I can appreciate how you feel about her with her being your first Sapphic lover. I felt the same way about the first woman I had sex with. Hard not to."
At that point I had to jump in... "I'd wish you two would quit it. You're beginning to give me a complex. Let's get back to your initial question Maureen."
"Nancy already answered it." Then after she looked at Nancy... "But I'm curious why you couldn't say you would fast enough."
"After getting to know you beyond what Lacey's told me about you, along with what's transpired tonight, how couldn't I. I'd be crazy not to with the two loveliest women I know and after discovering how much I enjoy sex with another woman thanks to Lacey. Besides, I can't imagine any open-minded woman wouldn't jump at the chance."
No doubt Maureen being fifteen years younger than both Nancy and I, and amazingly attractive as she is with a body to die for had a lot to do with her being so eager. Not that I could blame her.
Later I learned she also has had this fantasy of masturbating while watching two women make love to each other. Me in particular with someone, and couldn't ask for more if it was Maureen and I.
"Then all we need to do is decide on a day and place, which I'll leave up to you two. Now it's probably well past time for us to get back together with our husbands."
"Speaking of which,..." And it was Nancy. "...do you think they'll be able to get it up again? I don't know about Jim or John, but I doubt Walter will be able to. Three times in a matter of a few hours is asking a lot."
I then added... "I doubt Jim will be able to too. Not that he hasn't before, but his orgasm from fucking you in the ass was as intense as I've seen him have in a long time, and I'm sure he's all but spent for the night."
"Ditto for John, since he's the same age as both your husbands. Let's face it, even with taking the little blue pill, it's expecting a lot of them. Since it is, let's not put any pressure on them and tell them we'd like to call it a night because our assholes are sore. Not that we'd be entirely lying when it comes to Nancy and me."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As Jim and I were walking home, which is a short walk from Maureen's place, I couldn't help but ask in spite of knowing the answer... "Did you enjoy yourself?"
"Silly question. You know I did."
"You seemed quite enamored with Nancy."
"I wouldn't put it that way, but you know how I've fantasized about her. What about you, did you have a good time?"
"I wish I could say I did. At least I was until Walter fucked me in the ass the way he did. Kind of put the brakes on what was a good time. It was hard to get back into the swing of things with John after Walter, and by the time I started to, he dumped his load in me. I didn't even get to have an orgasm. The closest I came all night is when I sucked John's cock to get things started.
"I didn't realize that, we need to be sure to make it up to you next time."
"I'll be sure that you do."
"When I noticed how Walter was acting and was just about to say something to him about easing up a little, John announced it was time to change partners. I'm sorry I didn't notice earlier, but I was too occupied with Nancy. Are you sore?"
"A little bit. But just my thighs and bum. You?"
"Me? Why would I be?"
"Your dick from Nancy's tight asshole."
"It was tight, but not that tight."
"Tighter than mine?"
"At first, but it eventually loosened up like yours does. Actually, between the three of you, you all have tight assholes, although Nancy's might have been a little tighter."
"So you'll know, you caused Nancy to squirt for the first time ever. That's quite an accomplishment. Especially from fucking her anally."
"I knew she squirted, but figured she was like you and does intermittently. I guess I should consider it as a compliment then."
"Don't let it go to your head. You wouldn't have fucked her in the ass as good as you did if it wasn't for me. Maureen too when you have."
"In spite of you trying to be funny, there's a lot of truth to that." Then he added jokingly... "With that being the case, next time I'll be sure to let them know you deserve all the credit."
"No need to, I already have and they both agreed to pay me royalties."
After we both laughed we continued the rest of the walk home with our own thoughts while holding hands.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As soon as we arrived home, we both took a quick shower together. Once lying in bed with Jim on his back and me cuddling him with my head on his shoulder, I reached for his cock before asking... "Remember when you said you need to make sure you all make it up to me next time for me not having an orgasm tonight? Well, I was kind of hoping...