Chapter 8 -- Susie Gets Pierced
Our flight back from San Jose was smooth and uneventful except for the turbulence that resulted in a lap full of diet Coke. The flight attendant was very apologetic, but it really wasn't her fault. We just hit one bump and it happened just as she was handing me a cup of pop. It did make a mess of the dress I was wearing and it soaked right through to my skin. I headed quickly for the restroom to dry myself off and the flight attendant followed me to help in any way she could. We made it to the back of the plane where the galley on this particular type of plane is located, and she got some towels and offered to help clean the coke off the front of my dress. I took her up on her offer and let her start to pat me down.
If you have read the previous chapters in this story, you will probably (and correctly) assume that I was naked beneath my dress and that the dress itself was quite thin. It was, after all, summer in both San Jose and Seattle, and I am rapidly becoming a flagrant exhibitionist.
I could sense as she patted my dress with a towel that she was starting to enjoy herself, so I helped her along and asked her if she had a towel I could use to dry my skin. She handed me one and I lifted my dress to start drying off the top of my legs. When I raised my dress, I kept my eyes on her to see her reaction as I gave her a quick flash of my naked pussy. She didn't show any reaction, and she didn't pull away, either.
"Would you be a dear?" I asked her as I pulled my dress up even farther and handed her the towel. Here was the moment of truth. Would she take the bait I was offering her?
She looked at me quickly and smiled and took the towel from me. She carefully stroked the front of my legs and my belly and made a quick pass over my pussy, but she lingered only long enough to send me a clear message that she would like an opportunity to linger longer.
When my dress was as dry as it was going to get in the circumstances, she reached into her purse which was stashed nearby and pulled out a pen and business card. It was a personal card with her personal contact information on it, including her cell phone and her home address. Her name was Kathy McLuckey and she lived in Seattle.
"Please let me pay to have your dress cleaned," she said as she handed me her card. "And give me a call as soon as you can," she added with a wink. I smiled at her and asked for her pen. I wrote my number on the palm of her hand and gave a kiss on the cheek and asked her to call me when she had her next layover in Seattle.
I made my way back to my seat and gave my husband, Bob a kiss on the cheek and whispered in his ear, "I think she likes me. She helped me dry off and she gave me her card. She wants to hook up."
Bob grinned at me and shook his head. "Thanks for the update. Can I watch?"
I laughed at him and said, "Maybe. But first, I want to check her out. OK?"
"Sure," he said and gave me a kiss. "Just as long as I get the blow by blow report."
"You mean the lickety split report, don't you?" I retorted with a chuckle.
We settled in for the rest of the brief flight, and before we knew it, the plane was circling Seattle to land at SeaTac from the north. The sky was clear blue and Lake Washington was smooth. It looked like a good day to come home. We made it through baggage land and hopped a bus to the long term parking lot where we had left our car. There was a young fellow with a backpack sitting opposite me on the shuttle bus, and I couldn't resist the temptation to give him a good flash. He gave me a big grin and a thumbs up in return.
The bus dropped us off at our car and we dumped our bags in the trunk and headed for Kirkland. As we got onto I-405, Bob asked me what I wanted to do with the rest of the day. I thought about it and said, '"Well one thing I want to do is start researching where I can get a clit ring. Any ideas?"
Bob thought about it and shrugged his shoulders. "I haven't a clue, but I'll bet if you start asking around, you will get some answers pretty quick."
We stopped at the Whole Foods store in Bellevue to stock up on food and then headed for our house in Kirkland. We shuttled our bags and food into the house, put the food away and then collapsed on the couch. Bob put his hand on my knee and started stroking my leg. I put my leg over his to give him wide open access and pretty soon, he was stroking my pussy. I lay back and put one leg onto of the couch and Bob took the invitation and went down on me. "You smell like Coke!" he said with a grin, and then returned to lapping away at my lunch box. I lay there and let him pleasure me, feeling his tongue explore my pussy and his fingers tease me. He knew right where to stroke me, and pretty soon, I felt a small orgasm start to rush through my body. I jammed my hips into his face as I came, and said, "Thank you for that. Now it's your turn. I stood up and pulled him to a sitting position and helped him off with his shorts.
His cock was pretty hard already, so I straddled him and guided it into my cunt and started riding him. He pulled off my dress and started playing with my nipples as we fucked and he asked, "So when do you want to get your piercings?"
I kept fucking him as I said, "Soon, but not until you cum. Tell me when you are ready. We rocked along for about 10 minutes before Bob increased his stroke and told me he was about to cum. I jumped off him and took his cock down my throat and sucked him until he exploded down my throat. I kept on sucking him until he got soft. I gave his pecker a final kiss and then gave Bob a kiss on the lips and waltzed off to the kitchen to make some dinner.
Bob wandered in about 10 minutes later, wearing only a t-shirt. We were both pretty comfortable being naked in our house because the picture window in our living room was the only window that didn't have blinds, and nobody could see anything unless they were stopped in front of our house. I finished making us dinner and we settled down in front of the TV for a quiet evening at home when the phone rang. Bob answered it and listened for a moment and looked at me with a big grin. "She's right here," he said and handed the phone to me.
"Hi, Susan, this is Kathy, from your flight today. You told me to call when I had my next layover, so here I am."
"Well hello there," I said, both surprised and delighted to hear from her. "So where's home port for you?" I asked.
"Seattle," she replied. "I loved the way you flashed me today. That was totally hot. I will have to spill drinks on beautiful women more often."
"I'm happy it didn't backfire," I said with a laugh. "And I am especially happy that you called. I take it you would like to get together sometime?"
"Yes, I would like that, but I am puzzled about the fellow who answered the phone. Is he the fellow you were sitting next to? Are you married? I'm just a bit confused."
"No problem," I said. "Yes, he is my husband and we have developed a very open marriage. I love both women and men and I found you very attractive. I told him I wanted to hook up with you alone, at least to get to know you and he is fine with that. Are you?"
"Oh, yes," she said with a sigh of relief. "I am bisexual myself, but I prefer women. I have to fly south on Wednesday, so could we get together tomorrow sometime?"
"I'd love that," I told her. "Where would you like to meet?" We settled for lunch on Capitol Hill and said goodbye. Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's more wide open parts of town, and I had a hunch that it may be a good place to begin my body piercing research.
Bob and I settled down for the rest of the evening in front of the TV and hit the sack early. He was up and out the door early and I slept in, enjoying the quite morning alone. I got up around 10:00 and showered and shaved my pussy carefully. I put on a sexy strapless mini dress that flaunted my boobs and clearly showed that I wasn't wearing a bra. And naturally, I left the panties behind. I was out the door by about 11:30 and made it to the small restaurant Kathy had chosen shortly after noon. Kathy was waiting for me at a small table towards the back of the restaurant and she gave me a big grin as I walked up. She got up from the table and we gave each other a quick kiss on the lips and sat down.
"Well look at you, girl," she said, checking me out. "If I didn't know better, I would say that you are a girl on the prowl, she added with a wink. Kathy was wearing a simple blouse and short skirt that wasn't at all as daring as my mini dress, but I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra underneath her blouse.
"It looks like neither of us likes wearing a bra," I said, my eyes resting on her rapidly hardening nipples. I could not tell for sure, but it looked like she had small lumps on either side of each nipple. Does she have little barbells through her nipples like Julie's, I wondered.
Kathy said that she had to wear a bra for work, but that this was play, and she preferred to be a bit looser when the situation allowed it, and this situation certainly did.
We both looked at the menu and chose salads and a glass of wine, then got down to some serious seduction banter.
"So you prefer women," I said. "Are you gay or just bi?"
"I'm bi, but I find that women somehow know how to pleasure me better than men. I still love cocks and the rough feel of men, and my mood shifts back and forth, but right now, especially today, I am feeling like some serious pussy licking. Interested?" she asked, raising her eyebrows and holding her breath as she waited for my answer.
"Your place or mine," I purred back at her. "After what I learned this weekend, I would love a chance to pleasure your pretty little pussy. And I hope you will pleasure me back."
Kathy gave me a big smile and said, "I live only a few blocks away and I am getting hot just thinking about that beautiful bald pussy of yours."
We finished our lunch, paid our tab and walked out the door hand-in-hand. We walked to her apartment, stopping every few yards to give each other increasingly sloppy kisses. By the time we got to her apartment building, we were so hot for each other that she dropped her keys on the front step. As she bent over to pick them up, I reached under her dress and stroked her moist pussy. She recovered her keys and managed to get them in the lock and we rushed up the stairs to her second floor flat. She opened the door and we darted in, slamming the door behind us. Within seconds, our clothing trail led straight to her bedroom and I was on my back with her licking my pussy.
She twisted herself around to offer herself to me and I was presented with not just a bald pussy like mine, but a bald pussy with two little barbells sticking through the hood of her clit. I stared at them in fascination for several moments. Kathy stopped licking me and said, "What's wrong?"
"Absolutely nothing is wrong," I said. "I am just staring at your clit piercings. Where did you get them done?"
Kathy sat up and said, "There is a small place nearby that does an excellent job. I have several other piercings. Would you like to see them?"
"Yes," I said as I sat up with her. My suspicions about her nipple piercings were confirmed. She had golden barbells through each nipple. They were so cute that I couldn't resist playing with them. "Tell me about them," I asked. "Did they hurt? How long did it take them to heal? How do they feel?"
Kathy gave me a big grin and said, "I will tell you all about them, but you have to make me orgasm first. OK?"
"Sure," I said as I took one nipple and then the other in my mouth and played with them with my teeth and my tongue. I ran my tongue from one nipple to the other and then slowly down her abdomen to her pussy. I kept on going down one leg, kissing and licking her as I went. I got to her foot and I gently sucked on each toe, then I started back up her leg and strayed only for a moment on her pussy before I gave her other leg equal attention. By the time I made it back to her pussy again, she was stroking her own clit and playing with her barbells. I licked her clit and worked my tongue deep into her slit and then added one finger after another until I had four fingers deep in her cunt. She started moaning and said, "Give me your whole hand! Stick the whole thing into me!" I folded my thumb into my palm and started pushing my hand into her pussy. "Oh, yes, oh yes," she started to moan. "Give me more. I want it all!" So I pushed my whole hand into her cunt and kept pushing until my fingertips reached her cervix. I started pushing and pulling faster and faster and Kathy kept moaning "yes, yes, yes." She started bucking wildly and said, "Now!" I pulled my hand from her pussy and she let loose with a real gusher. It was a good thing I wasn't wearing anything or she would have another cleaning bill on her hands.
Kathy lay there with her eyes closed, lost in post-orgasmic bliss as I gently fingered my own pussy and stared at her piercings. I knew I wanted to get piercings just like hers, and I my curiosity was even greater than my sexual desires in the moment. After about 10 minutes, Kathy opened her eyes and smiled at me. "That was wonderful," she purred. She gently stroked her pussy and played with her barbells and said, "Are you thinking about getting your own?"
"Yes, I am," I said to Kathy. I told her about Julie and her piercings and that I have been fantasizing about them ever since I first saw them. I wanted to know how much pain was involved and how quickly they healed.
"The pain is surprisingly small. The nipple piercings hurt for a few days and then I was back to normal. The vaginal piercing took several weeks to heal fully."
"Any second thoughts about getting them?" I asked her.
"Not a single one. I am so glad I got both of them. If you want, you could get pierced this afternoon and surprise your husband."
"Well, it certainly would be a big surprise. You say that the vaginal piercing takes several weeks to heal. Can you have sex during that period?"
"Of course, but you have to be willing to experience some discomfort. The real benefit of the clit hood piercings start to show up when they are fully healed. Then it's like supercharging your clitoral stimulation. You orgasm harder, faster and more often, like just now. I never could have had that intense an orgasm before I got my jewelry added."
I lay back on Kathy's bed and let her play with me. She licked and kissed me all over and I felt a moderate sized orgasm building. I let it loose with a few small squirts and then said to Kathy, "Would you come with me and hold my hand?"
Kathy smiled and said, "Right now?"
"As soon as we can get some clothes on," I said and I started to pull my dress on. Kathy shrugged and started dressing and we were soon headed to a little tattoo shop nearby. Kathy was greeted by name when she walked in, and the fellow behind the counter asked how he could help me. Kathy told him what I wanted, and he asked me to step into the next room. I won't bore you with the details of the insertions, but less than an hour later, I had two nipple rings, a clitoral hood piercing and a small tattoo of a heart right where my pussy hair would normally be. It did not hurt as much as I expected, but I realized that taking the next few days off from any activities that involved my nipples or pussy would probably be a good idea.
I kissed Kathy goodbye as we left the tattoo shop. I think she was disappointed that we didn't spend the night, but I wanted to get home and show Bob my new toys. I found my car, complete with a parking ticket that I tossed into the glove compartment and entered the daily battle to drive across Lake Washington on route 520. I was back home just before Bob arrived. He found me naked on the couch, playing with my new toys.
To be continued...