After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
The day had arrived. Emily sat in the captain's seat on the bridge, scarcely able to believe that today she was going home at last. For the first time in more than two years she was covered again. It felt so strange, but oh so welcome. It also felt strange not to be wearing the collar, but she had kept it with her personal effects as a memento of this strange time on another world. The faint tan line it left around her neck could be troublesome if the wrong person noticed it, but she hoped she could cover it with her hair until it faded. It was just such a relief to be getting away from this Earth and back to normality. She could deal with just about anything to make that happen at this point.
One thing she was more than glad about was that she had avoided having the genital enhancement treatment. That also meant retaining the IUD, which she had mixed feelings about. On the one hand, it removed the risk of an unwanted and extremely inconvenient pregnancy during a time and place where the risk was high. On the other, it could be a problem if or when she did want to settle down and have a family one day back on her home world. She hoped that the Earth 1 doctors would be able to remove when that time came. Then there was the mystery of how it got there and who did it. That would have to remain unsolved for now, as outrageous as it was not to know.
The Master was on board in an assigned cabin. Two of the crew had doubled up in another cabin to accommodate him, should the need for an extended stay arise.
"Are you sure we're not going to explode when we engage the hyperdrive, Chief Engineer Collingwood?" she asked.
"Completely sure, Captain," Collingwood replied.
"And we're not going to find ourselves in the middle of space somewhere with months of travelling under thrusters to get home?" Emily asked. "We only have supplies for a few weeks as our margin of error."
"Absolutely sure, Captain," Collingwood responded. "This new technology should put us just outside our Earth's atmosphere, so we're looking at less than an hour, rather than days, to touchdown this time."
"Our lives are in your hands, Chief Engineer," Emily added.
"We all had a hand in building this ship, Captain, so that responsibility is equally shared, but it has passed all tests and inspections. I have every confidence."
"Ok then," Emily responded. "Engineer Norris, please engage thrusters for lift off."
"Aye aye, Captain," Norris responded. "Sorry. Aye, Captain."
"The joke is getting old now, Norris," Emily sighed.
"Not for me, Captain," Norris replied with a wink. "Ok, everyone brace. Engaging thrusters in 5, 4, 3, 2… and thrusters are engaged."
The ship suddenly rumbled deeply and there was a lot of vibration and pressure for several minutes as it accelerated up. Finally, it started to abate.
"You weren't wrong about the extra power in these thrusters, Chief Engineer," Emily announced as she was finally able to lift her arms off the armrests again as the thrusters backed off and the ship returned to normal gravity. "Ok, we're clear of the atmosphere. Ready to engage the hyperdrive for the initial jump, Chief Engineer?"
"Yes, on my mark, Engineer Norris," Collingwood responded. "Ok, hit it."
"Engaging hyperdrive in 5, 4, 3, 2… and hyperdrive is engaged."
Once again, the eerie silent and motionless sensation returned as the hyperdrive took over for several minutes.
"And disengaging hyperdrive in 5, 4, 3, 2… and hyperdrive is disengaged," Norris finally announced.
Emily felt like she could breathe a little. It had actually worked, and they hadn't exploded in space as she half-expected. After all, this wasn't their original ship, and the aquinium fuel didn't have the benefit of being produced by the Earth 1 scientists. However, they were now in deep space. If the hyperdrive failed to work for the return jump back to the Earth's orbit, then they would all definitely perish.
"Instruments are all working fine," Collingwood muttered to no one in particular. "I'm blown away seeing what is actually going on. Apparently, we went through several billion parallel universes and we're now in the middle of nowhere, but the computers know exactly where we are. Ok, on my mark again, Engineer Norris. Just calibrating the jump to home… and go."
"Engaging hyperdrive in 5, 4, 3, 2… and hyperdrive is engaged."
"Ok, the computer will take over from here, thank you, Engineer," Collingwood instructed. "Everyone, standby for hyperdrive exit in 5, 4, 3, 2… and… hyperdrive disengaged. And we are home if I'm not mistaken."
"See if you can raise the base, Engineer Norris," Emily ordered.
"Already on it, Captain," Norris responded.
There were a few tense moments waiting for Norris to get a response on the radio.
"They're blown to bits to hear from us, Captain," he revealed after a few minutes, "There's a lot of excited people down there. It sounds like we found the right place."
The bridge erupted into applause. They were home!
A short while later, they all stepped out of the airlock to find General McAlister and several jeeps full of soldiers around the landing pad, including several female soldiers who were in uniform! It even looked like their same old slightly chubby McAlister! There was little doubt they were in the right place after all.
"Oh my God!" the General exclaimed, almost tripping in his haste to run up to them. "We'd given you all up for dead, Captain. You vanished off LIDAR more than two years ago! We assumed you were lost. What went wrong? Where have you been? You only had provisions for a few months. How have you survived?"
"I'll have to catch you up in debriefing, sir," Emily began, "but suffice to say for now that we stumbled into a parallel universe, and we bring back technology to accurately explore and map other worlds. Allow me to introduce a member of our hosts' government, sir. General McAlister, this is Mr James P. Logan. Master, this is General McAlister from Earth 1."
"Indeed," the Master responded as he took the General's hand limply into his own. "I feel like I know you already."
"Pleased to meet you," the General responded, somewhat confused, while also feeling repulsed by the Master's feeble and damp handshake. "Um… err… Captain, when you are ready, I believe that debriefing may be in order?"
*****
Two weeks later, Emily walked around her apartment dressed in her most comfortable pyjamas and fluffy pink slippers as she looked out of her balcony door across the city. The horizon was shrouded in a shimmering haze of orange smog as the setting sun lit it up from beyond. Thank God for closed windows and air-conditioning. Somewhere down below, she heard sirens and then the unmistakable pops of gunshots. Yes, it was crap in comparison to Earth 2's tranquillity and mild climate, but this was home, and she felt relieved at last to have no eyes looking at her naked body.
The debriefing with this world's General and other high-ranking brass hadn't gone particularly well. Revealing some of what had happened had been unavoidable, especially with the Master here now and about to negotiate trade conditions, so the cat would be out of the bag sooner or later. She felt her best option would be to convince them that she had gone along with everything voluntarily and willingly, with a small caveat that it hadn't started out that way so that they understood she had little choice about it to begin with.
"No, sirs, I was required to participate in the local culture under penalty of public canings. In time, though, I grew to develop an appreciation for it. I believe it played no small role in the considerable advances they have made within their society and the sciences."
"So, you willingly participated in activities unbecoming an officer?"
"Um… perhaps that is true from this Earth's perspective, but from theirs the opposite is true. They would have considered any opposition to their ways a direct insult. Initially we had little expectation of returning to our world as well, so we felt it necessary to adapt to theirs."
"They sound barbaric, treating women like that!"
"From our perspective, that may well be true, but from theirs we were the more primitive and barbaric. I also draw your attention to the technology we returned with, without which we would not be here. They are considerably more scientifically advanced than us in many areas, and my compliance played no small part in gaining their trust to share it with us."
"So, you reduced yourself to a trollop for the benefit of science?"
"Again, sirs, with all due respect, to put it in those terms fails to account for what it was like to actually be there. Their culture is far more complex than it sounds. All women are treated the same there, and they all accept it without question. It was a case of shape up or ship out, and shipping out did not appear to be an option for us. At least not for the first year or so, so I had little option but to comply."
As a result, while she and the crew had avoided a public hearing and dishonourable discharges, she now found herself on indefinite rec leave with mandatory counselling. No amount of protesting that she was ok would change their minds. They just could not accept that a woman could be violated like that and live with herself. Yes, she was back in a world where her virtue apparently needed a man to step in and defend it, because supposedly she was too frail and incapable of looking after it herself.
The rest of the crew had escaped unscathed, which didn't seem fair as well. However, revealing the totality of their participation would have had serious consequences, and they didn't deserve that. Having "taken one for the team", she felt like somewhat of a martyr now, but it could have been much worse.
While glad that the experiences of Earth 2 were now behind her, she ironically missed the adrenaline rush she got from being constantly naked. She often stripped and spent time nude in her apartment to relive what it was like, but it didn't quite have the same impact. She longed to have to walk outside without any means to cover herself. She missed a man commanding her to 'Kneel' and 'Open', knowing she would obey without question, and then take him into her mouth or let him fuck her, no matter where it was or who was watching. She now knew it was the control that she craved. It was about not having any real choice but to obey, no matter how distasteful or humiliating she personally found it. Actually, it was the fact that she found the things she was made to do distasteful and humiliating that produced the rush. It was the mortification, the debasement, the objectification, having to submit and do disgusting things she would never do of her own volition that made her pulse race. Somehow, she'd learned to turn the flight or fight stress response that it gave her into an intense feeling of pleasure. At first, the realisation that she was gaining pleasure from her own debasement confused and horrified her even further, but the Master had told her that she needn't feel guilty about it. She was what she was, and it made her gift all the more precious.
She still kept her pussy shaved, and sometimes even wore the collar as well. While she was thankful it was all in her past her now, it still felt good to fantasise about what it was like, even though it wasn't the same now. Now it was just a memory. Nothing more. Yet a part of her still missed it and wished she was still there.
There were other things she missed about Earth 2. Madison for one. She wondered what she was doing now. Probably still 'fucking and sucking'. Emily smiled as she thought about her. She also missed the peace, the lack of worry and the safety, but most of all she missed the degradation. She thought about it almost constantly, and sometimes she was able to immerse herself so deeply into her memories that she found herself almost back there in her mind. Sometimes she would masturbate about it. Now was one of those times.
She went to her bedroom, stripping out of her pyjamas and kicking off the slippers. Then she put the collar on and looked at her naked form in the mirror. She imagined walking around outside and having other people see her like this. She could almost hear the comments and gasps of shock in her mind, and how humiliated she would feel from it.
Her lounge room was quite large and gave her a sense of open space and vulnerability, so she made her way back there before getting up onto her coffee table in the centre and into the 'Sit' position. She brought to mind the time just after deb training when she had done this and then masturbated in front of the two men who picked her up from the bar and took her to their apartment. She closed her eyes and tried to relive the experience in her mind, allowing her hand once again to find its way to her sex.
A buzzer caused her to open her eyes again. It was the damn intercom.
Who the fuck could that be at this time of day? Dammit, I was just about to cum too!
She put a robe on and checked the visual display. It was Collingwood, and he was in uniform. He must have just left the base and decided to call on her on his way home.
Collingwood had called and visited a couple of times, but it had been a week since she had last heard from him. On his last visit he had reported that talks between the Master and the Earth 1 officials had been going well, and the military's initial reaction to what Emily and the team had participated in on Earth 2 was starting to calm. The multiverse technology played no small part in that, and Collingwood said he had been pushing for her to be excused and allowed back into active duty. He kept telling her not to give up. It made her feel slightly better to have his support, and she hoped this visit meant that he had some good news.
She buzzed him up and then returned to her bedroom to remove the collar and put on a T-shirt and jeans.
"Rod, any news on me returning to active duty again yet?" she asked as she invited him to come in.
"My goodness, I still can't get used to seeing you dressed, Emily," he replied with a cheeky grin. "I'm not sure it suits you anymore."
"Believe it or not I've been having the same problem," Emily replied quite honestly. "I had to go put something on when you buzzed, as a matter of fact."
Fuck! I just admitted to being nude of my own volition!
"Oh, well please don't feel compelled to cover up on my account," he replied, still grinning. "By all means, make yourself comfortable."
"You wish, Rod. Well, I kind of wish too," she admitted. "It's not the same when it's voluntary, though. That's just exhibitionism or nudism, and that doesn't really float my boat. It was being there and having to do it that made it exciting."
What the fuck are you doing, Emily? Shut your mouth already!
"Wait, are you saying that you liked being treated that way?" Collingwood asked in surprise.
Emily just hung her head and looked at her feet.
"So, you're telling me that it wasn't just about giving the gift?" he continued with a slight smirk. "You actually got off on being made to do those things?"
She continued looking at her feet and then slowly raised her eyes and looked into his with sadness. Her silence and the look on her face confirmed it was true. Her horniness prior to his arrival had pushed her into wanting to reveal her secret to him in the hope that he would play along.
He took the cue.
"Well, it seems to me that you're out of uniform then, 7GQA9E," he asserted, much to Emily's delight. "You need to get yourself respectable and 'Present' at once!"
A smile broke out over her face, and she quickly pulled the T-shirt over her head and stripped the jeans off before presenting naked in front of him with her heart beating like crazy.
"Still got that collar?" he asked.
"Um… yeah. I'll go get it."
She returned moments later with it on and resumed the 'Present' position.
"Much better," Collingwood remarked. "So, what will it be next? Will it be 'Sit' or 'Display'? Or maybe 'Kneel' and 'Open'? Or maybe 'Lay'?"
He could tell by watching her chest rise and fall, and the expression of ecstasy she now wore on her face that his words had hit the mark.
"I think 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
Emily dropped down onto her knees with her hands behind her back and opened her mouth, then looked up at him expectantly. He paused to admire her for a moment. She was never more beautiful than in this position, with her eyes sparkling and her mouth open and inviting. The view of her small but ample breasts was unique from this angle and somehow more intimate as well. Below that was a slight hint of her flat stomach and hairless pubic area, leading to her legs spread wide open on the floor.
He smiled before unzipping and offering himself. Obediently she took him into her mouth and commenced the technique that was now all too familiar to her, rocking back and forth on her knees to increase the length of her stroke and take more of him into her. As she sensed him close to orgasm, she increased her fervour before pushing her face hard up against his stomach to take him into her throat as deeply as possible in the final moment, swallowing enthusiastically in time with his pulses.
"You may 'Present' again," he commanded as he regained his senses and zipped up.
He stood back from her momentarily and took in her beauty again, allowing his eyes to travel up and down her body. Then he strode up and put his hand between her legs while looking directly into her eyes. Slipping a finger into her vagina confirmed that she was very wet, and her knees buckled slightly in response. He briefly noted an ever so slight presence of stubble on her mound while underneath she was completely smooth like she had never grown hair there at all. Breathing heavily, she leaned forward and put her arms around him, caught up in the ecstasy of the experience.
"I said 'Present'!" he repeated, suddenly withdrawing his hand from her. "Hands behind your back!"
Her eyes almost rolled back in her head in response to that, and she obediently put one hand in the other behind her back before he recommenced fingering her.
"Please don't stop," she whispered as she closed her eyes and lost herself in it.
Oh God, this isn't going to take long!
Collingwood watched her writhing at his touch. Her beauty was breathtaking, and seeing her like this was almost overwhelming for him as well. He didn't want this moment to end and was almost disappointed when she came so soon. Suddenly her knees buckled and her body jerked up and down spasmodically against his hand, all the while moaning out loud with her eyes closed as the orgasm overcame her.
"Would you like to dress again?" he asked as she began to calm again.
"What would you prefer, Rod? You're in charge here right now," she responded.
"I'm more than happy for you to stay like this," he replied.
"Then, stay like this, I will. Can I get you a drink or something? I have some cokes or beers."
"Yes, a beer would be lovely, thank you."
She fetched the drinks from the fridge, and they settled down on the couch.
"So, what was that all about, if you don't mind me asking?" he asked once they were comfortably seated. "I'm a bit surprised to learn that you found enough enjoyment in those experiences to want to relive them after finally putting them behind you. Have you developed an Earth 2 kink, perhaps?"
It was time to confess the whole picture in the hope that he would play along in future Earth 2 games with her.
"Um… yeah, well sort of…. Ok, it's kind of a long story, and don't you dare tell anyone what I'm about to tell you," she began. "It started out, as I'm sure you were aware, completely outrageous and beyond mortifying for me when we first arrived, but I knuckled down and did what I had to do to survive there. It wasn't easy by any means, and while I kind of got used to it to some extent, I never stopped struggling with it. Then I met the Master, and he showed me The Agreement, and taught me about 'giving the gift'. That resonated with me, and at last I thought I understood why all of the women there didn't have a problem with any of it, while I still very much did. After that I thought I was going to be fine, but then I realised I was actually enjoying it all. Like, a lot. Like, more than I should if I was just 'giving the gift'. And I had been enjoying it since before I even met the Master. Not the sex as such, as much as that is an important part of it, but somewhere along the way I'd started to get a rush out of the humiliation I felt at being forced to expose myself and do all of those degrading things. I started craving that feeling, and it was pushing all of the right buttons whenever I felt it, if that makes sense?"
"You mean like masochism? You get a sexual kick out of being humiliated and having sex with strangers?" Rod asked.
"Well, not so much having sex with strangers as such, but more like not having a choice about it, and having to do it in front of other people. It's the rush inside me that it triggers more than anything physical. But yeah, I guess masochism is as good a word as any," Emily replied.
"So, did your experiences on Earth 2 mess you up somehow, do you think?" Collingwood asked with a concerned expression.
"Oh, don't get me wrong. I've made my peace with it, or I wouldn't be telling you all of this now," Emily responded. "I've thought about it, and while it's possible that this was something in me all along and the Earth 2 experiences just brought it out of me, I think it's more likely that something snapped inside me, and this was my brain's way of coping with it. At the same time, I decided I didn't care anymore whether it was natural or if I got fucked up by it. It still feels fucking awesome! If this is what being fucked up feels like, I don't ever want to be fixed!"
"Very… interesting," he responded slowly. "So, if you got the opportunity to go back, would you take it or stay here?"
"No, I'm staying put," she answered with a laugh. "I'm glad that it's all behind me now, but I also don't think I can ever be completely the same person again. I hope you don't mind playing like this from time to time?"
"Not at all," he replied with a smile. "It totally works for me as well. So, you're sure there's nothing at all about Earth 2 that would make you want to go back?"
"Well, I do miss Madison," she replied honestly, "and just before you arrived, I could hear gunshots in the street. I didn't hear that sound the whole time we were on Earth 2. The air stinks. The water tastes like chemicals, and the Navy has been treating me like shit with putting me on indefinite rec even after I told them I was fine. My vagina, my business, right? Fucking hell… I've been kind of depressed ever since we came back, to tell the truth, but this is my home and I need to get used to it again. Why do you ask? There's not talk of sending me back, is there?"
"Umm… well… funny you should mention it…" he began. "The General and the Master have been discussing the idea of stationing an Earth 1 representative on Earth 2, and your name immediately came up."
"No! You're fucking kidding me!" she responded in horror.
"Yes, it will be a promotion to the position of official Envoy, but it will mean living there under their rules, which means complete nudity and the collar of course. Also, while the General didn't mention it specifically, you and I both know the commands would also be a part of it as well. I assume you will be fine with all of that after everything you just did and said?"
"Fuck, Rod! No way! I just got out of that mess. They wouldn't make me go back, would they?"
"C'mon, you know you want this," he replied with a smirk. "You just told me you're a masochist and loved being treated that way. This is an opportunity don't you think? How many people get to actually live out their fantasies?"
He had a point. Her heart was beating like crazy at the thought of it. Still, there had to be a way out of it. The surgery and genital enhancement treatment! She didn't want the appearance of her genitals changed even if it did give her a thrill to think of it actually happening to her. She didn't want to get pregnant again back there either. The possibility of not being able to remove the IUD one day if she stayed here wasn't enough to make her want to go back to get it out, and she definitely didn't want to have her genitals altered. Surely that would be reason enough for them to let her stay?
"There's another problem I haven't told you about, Rod," she began. "Somehow, I ended up with an IUD in me and I'm currently unable to conceive. The Earth 2 doctors wanted to give me surgery to remove it. If I go back, they'll probably insist on it and I don't want to have any more babies there."
"Seriously? How did that happen?" he asked.
"I'm totally fucked if I know," she replied, "but once I knew it was there, it was kind of a relief that I couldn't get pregnant. I might want to one day, though, and I'm worried the doctors here won't be able to safely get it out. I get the impression it's kind of complex and it won't be an easy procedure. So, what do I do?"
"Easy," Collingwood replied. "Just get another implant before you go back, and take more with you this time. Then you can get it removed and you'll still be safe. What they don't know won't hurt them, right?"
"Ok…," Emily replied. "But they also want to do some sort of gene and hormonal thing to my bits to increase growth and sensitivity, and I'm worried it might make me look grotesque."
"Is that the 'enhancing the petals of your womanhood' treatment?" he asked. "Yes, I'm familiar with the procedure and I don't believe it's anything to be concerned about. It's quite a common thing on Earth 2. One lovely young lass was telling me she had it, and I can't say that she had anything particularly out of the ordinary going on with her anatomy. Don't get me wrong, it is certainly noticeable, but I found it enticing. She certainly had no difficulty achieving orgasm, and her appearance was certainly very appealing. Well, that's if I am any judge of such things anyway. I am partial to a more 'untucked' appearance, though."
"So, she didn't look freaky?"
"No, not to my mind anyway," he responded. "I don't think it's anything to be concerned about. Quite the opposite in fact, but perhaps we can get some intervention to have our Earth 1 Envoy exempt from such things?"
"Um… if I have to go back, I'm not sure the Earth 2 people would be happy about me having special conditions that go against the local customs, and if you've seen it and think it looks ok, maybe it wouldn't be so bad?" Emily considered. "I'm probably making a mountain out of a molehill about it. Maybe if I see one of the other girls who has had it done first? Great idea taking a supply of implants, though. That'll at least give me some control over getting pregnant again when I'm back in that situation, and then when I'm back here I'll be able to get pregnant on my terms when I'm ready to start a family."
Oh shit! Am I actually considering going through with this and making my peace with it all in my mind? Well, it doesn't sound like there's going to be much of a choice about it, so the only option is to try to make it work. Having access to birth control is a huge relief, and maybe the enhancement treatment will be a good thing? Earth 2 guys usually cum so fast. Added physical sensation down there might not be such a bad thing...
"Ok great," he continued. "Just bear in mind this might not just be for a year or two this time. You may very well end up staying there indefinitely, and I expect you may even be called upon to train other Earth 1 women as our interests there expand. Are you prepared to have other women go through everything you did?"
The thought of spending years as a naked fuck-toy again horrified her, but just the same, her heart was thumping in her chest, and she could feel herself getting even wetter. Putting other women through it, though? Maybe certain women could handle it? Not all women, though.
"Umm… well I guess as long as they'll be coming into it fully debriefed of the situation and knowing what to expect, it should be ok," she began. "There's no way any girl should ever be pushed into it blind. It was a fucking nightmare for me in the beginning and I don't think just anyone would be able to handle it."
"I'm sure any candidates will be suitably vetted," Collingwood responded. "Hey, at least you won't be alone. I'll be there with you too. I was offered a captaincy here, but I think our first official off-world Envoy should have a good scientist backing her up."
"Oh, why would you turn down a promotion, Rod?" Emily asked. "That's your career."
"Did you really think I would leave you alone ever again, 7GQA9E?" he replied with a smile as he reached out and stroked her hair.
Hearing her Earth 2 name sent a sudden chill through her body. All too soon she would be answering to it again. The thought of it was making her head spin.
"Are you sure, Rod?"
"Yes, I'm sure. Luckily, I have enough clout to have some say in my career direction," he responded. "I'd always considered that I might go back, and I also believe my input should prove invaluable to both worlds in my capacity as a scientist far more than anything I could achieve as a captain. Leading explorations into new worlds, I believe, is better suited to those with a more military, or perhaps diplomatic, capability, which are skills I know I lack. Of course, seeing you in action again is no small factor in my decision, I can assure you."
"Still a pig then, I see," Emily responded with a smirk and raised eyebrow.
"Would you have me any other way?" he laughed.
"Oh no! What am I going to tell my parents?" Emily suddenly realised, sitting bolt upright on the couch. "I was allowed to tell them about parallel worlds, but naturally I didn't tell them exactly what actually happened to me while I was away. They were just getting used to the idea of me not being dead. How do I tell them I'm leaving again now?"
"Just tell them you got a promotion off-world but maybe leave out the nudity and other stuff," Collingwood suggested. "I anticipate regular shuttles between our worlds from here on, and you will be entitled to rec leave from time to time, so it's not like they'll never see you again. I also have a hypothesis about Earth-bound hyperdrives, which will work kind of like portals between our worlds, so we should be able to go back and forth with much greater ease one day, and perhaps establish radio contact using it as well. That may be some years away yet. I still have to work out if there's a way to get around requiring the distance of space to jump through multiple worlds. The halfway point in the journey is arbitrary but required for a return journey to get back within physical proximity of the planet. Without those aspects we can only hop one world at a time. That may still be useful for exploration purposes, though, and to do that I may even be able to miniaturise the technology and develop a personal hand-held device so we can jump to and from the next world at will, virtually instantly. I believe I just need a greater power input, and their electrical technology should allow me to achieve that. I have had some success already with the short-range teleportation of small objects within the same reality. If I can just qualify how to get around the…"
Alarm bells suddenly rang in Emily's head.
"Wait, what do you mean by 'short-range teleportation of small objects'?" she interrupted. "Did you put the fucking IUD in me?"
"Um… no. Err... why would I do that?" he stuttered, suddenly turning a shade of red.
"It fucking was you, wasn't it? It's written all over your face. What the fuck, Rod?"
"Ok, fine. Yes, I did it," he confessed, "but I want you to know that you were never in any danger. I researched the hell out of the implant procedure before I even got hold of one of their IUDs. There was never any danger of getting it in the wrong place and causing you injury. I discovered that it's impossible for matter to occupy the same space. That also means added safety for single world hops or multiple world jumps out in space. It's literally impossible for us to pop out of hyperspace inside a rock or some other solid object, which had been playing on my mind somewhat. To get the IUD into your uterus, I just needed you to stand still for a moment, aim at your lower abdomen and it would find its way home automatically. I did hundreds of tests on animals before I even considered doing it to you, and it was successful every time."
She suddenly remembered the unusual cramp when she was alone with Collingwood just after she started working at the lab. That must've been when he did it.
"Jesus, Rod! If you had've asked me, I would have agreed anyway. You knew I didn't want to get pregnant. What gave you the right to do that to me without my knowledge or consent? Do you realise how much shit you almost got me into?"
"Um... yeah, sorry about that," he replied. "I just couldn't take that risk. I would've removed it again and then told you to get a second opinion before you got anywhere near a surgeon's scalpel."
"It was my risk, Rod, not yours! For fuck's sake!" Emily responded, shocked at his arrogance.
"Ok, yes, I did the wrong thing," he admitted, "but you're not pregnant now are you? Do you regret that?"
"Yes, that's true, and no I don't regret it, but that's not the point, Rod. My body. My decision!"
"Ok I fucked up, Emily, but think of the implications now," he replied. "This technology can be used to perform this procedure without surgery, and consensually, for all future Earth 2 women as they move beyond reproductive age. Or alternatively to remove the devices, or any other foreign object completely bloodlessly. And not just on living organisms either. Parts can be replaced inside engines without taking them apart. Perhaps it can even be used one day to move people from place to place instead of using vehicles. The possibilities are endless."
"Not to mention putting things inside people without their knowledge or consent." Emily retorted. "And not just IUDs. Think about tracking devices, poison, or stealing things out of bank vaults, putting bombs in people's bodies, cars, or homes…"
"Ahh, yes. I didn't think of the nefarious possibilities," he admitted. "Perhaps I should sit on this and destroy my notes? In the wrong hands it could be devastating."
"That's a problem for the ethicists and law-makers, not yours," she replied. "Just don't do anything like this to me again without asking me first, Rod. Ok? You're just lucky I love you and understand how your mind works or you'd be eating my fist right now, but I'm still going to be pissed at you for a very long time."
"Um… yes, I understand. Sorry, I meant no offence. I just did what I thought was best."
"Well, you did it more for your own reasons than mine," she replied, "but I know you meant well."
"Um… yes. Thank you for your understanding," he responded. "It's hard for me to understand where the line is when it comes to questions of morality."
"I know, Rod. Perhaps that's my role in our relationship? You tell me when you get a crazy idea, and I'll tell you if you're crossing a line?"
"Deal," he replied.
Knowing she wouldn't have to get surgery anymore if she could remove and replace the IUD at will was a huge relief now that she thought about it more. She wouldn't even need to take a supply of birth control implants now, but maybe she should anyway just to play it safe? Damn Collingwood! He was so brilliant on the one hand, but on the other he had a toddler's sense of morality and could be completely self-centred at times. This, though, was a whole new level of selfish entitlement. It wasn't intentional, so you could only stay mad at him for so long, and while she was outraged by it, she was also thankful she hadn't fallen pregnant again. If he had only asked her permission first… Ok, it was done, and everything she was concerned about regarding her future reproductive capability, and not getting pregnant again back on Earth 2, was behind her. The only issue remaining now was how to deal with the idea of going back, since that seemed to be happening whether she wanted it or not.
"Ok, moving along now," Emily continued. "What else do I need to think of? I guess I won't need to pack much…"
The reality of it all suddenly came home. No, she wouldn't need to pack much. She was agreeing to what may possibly turn out to be years of complete nudity! Years of never, ever being dressed. It wasn't just the nudity either. She would be back to being a resident fuck-toy for both the Earth 1 and Earth 2 men alike! The thought gave her another thrill, though, and she could feel herself getting wet again. She knew on some level she wanted it, and the idea of being pushed into it was ringing her masochism bell in no small way. Still, thinking back to how hard it had been, how she had yearned for clothes and how long she had waited to get back in them again, it was hard to believe she could now be losing them again, and so soon after getting them back.
"McAlister wants to see you in his office tomorrow at 0900 sharp to discuss the details," Collingwood added.
*****
And so it was that Emily came to be waiting outside the General's office the next day. The similarities to the Earth 2 base were astounding. If she wasn't wearing clothes, she could almost swear she was about to be ordered onto her knees in the General's office to give him a blowjob. Thankfully that wouldn't be happening here today. Just the same, her heart was beating wildly at the thought of being in that position again once she got back to Earth 2. Then she wouldn't be turned off at all at the fact that he was so much older, her boss, and someone she wasn't in the least bit attracted to. Or that being naked in front of him and engaging sexually would normally be completely inappropriate. All that made it even more degrading, which made it even more exciting.
"Ahh, Captain Birmingham. Please come in and take a seat," he greeted as he opened his door.
"Good morning, General," Emily responded.
She was surprised to see Collingwood was also present, and that he was wearing that same smirk on his face that he had after first telling her she was going back.
Ok, so what's going on here then...
"So, I assume Chief Engineer Collingwood has given you a debriefing regarding the nature of our meeting today?" the General began.
"He has, sir, yes," Emily replied.
"I normally would not allow any of my personnel, whether male or female, to enter into such a posting under normal circumstances. It is most extraordinary," he began. "If it wasn't for Mr Logan's insistence, along with your testimony and that of your crew's, perhaps I would not be considering this at all."
Ahh, he has doubts. A possible way out maybe?
"Well, I did make some dear friends and had adapted to the local culture in my time there," Emily began. "Still, I was homesick, and I am glad to be back home again now. I was hoping to be cleared for active duty here again and get back to doing what I do best."
"Yes, I have heard all about what you do best," the General sneered before continuing. "It sounds like there could be no better choice for the role I have in mind for you. You are familiar with the local customs and known by the people there now. Your femininity should in no small way open doors that any man I sent could not. The rabid enthusiasm you apparently showed in the carrying out of your extra-curricular duties, perhaps makes me consider that I would be doing you a disservice if I prevented you from returning."
Oops, that went the wrong way. Let's try a more direct request and see if I can steer this back and convince him to let me stay.
"Um… I just did what I had to do there, sir," Emily replied. "I would prefer a posting here if that's at all possible?"
"Your own testimony says that you accepted living naked amongst the general population and performed sex acts on demand, did it not?" he continued, ignoring her request. "I cannot believe any woman would willingly do that. Yet the testimonies of Mr Logan and Chief Engineer Collingwood both state that you didn't just accept it, you achieved a special kind of thrill from the experience. Is that not correct?"
Collingwood told him? And the Master betrayed me too? WTF?
She looked at Collingwood and saw that his smirk was even wider, and his eyes were shining.
Bastard! After everything we discussed last night, he still doesn't get it?
Ok, time to think fast. How do you explain a kink in a socially acceptable way?
"Um… Well, I admit that I adapted and developed an understanding and appreciation of the culture in my time there, I guess," she began. "Um… it is entirely possible that my worldview was altered somewhat by the experience. What else was I to do, sir?"
"An altered worldview?" he responded. "From everything I've been told, you were a willing participant from the word go. More than willing in fact. You achieved a perverse kick from the experience, did you not?"
"Um… I did what I had to do to survive, sir," she repeated.
"I'm led to believe that it was much more than mere survival," he responded. "Let's see, shall we? Remove your uniform, Captain Birmingham."
"What, sir?" she replied in shock. She glanced at Collingwood again. He looked like he was about to burst out laughing.
"You heard me. Remove your uniform, Captain. Take everything off and hop to it. I don't have all day."
"I can't do that, sir!" Emily protested. "What if someone sees?"
"No need to be coy, Captain. Our privacy is assured," he responded. "But, so what if it wasn't? By all accounts, even your own testimony, you have no problem with being nude around people. So, were you and everyone else on the mission lying in your testimonies? Should I be considering court-martials, or perhaps institutionalised psychiatric care to help heal the damage done to you from the experience?"
"Um… no, sir. That won't be necessary. I'll do it," she assured him.
Emily knew there was nothing for it, so she reluctantly stood up and started unbuttoning her uniform. Her heart was pounding, and she felt more than a little wetness forming at what she was about to do. This was driving her Earth 2 kink through the roof, as much as she didn't want it to be happening. At last, she stood naked in front of him.
"I believe the command is 'Present', Captain Birmingham?" he asked.
"That's it, sir," Collingwood confirmed, smiling from ear to ear.
Emily assumed the position and tried her hardest not to blush. Doing this on Earth 2 had been one thing. Doing it here now was completely different. She glanced around, terrified that someone might walk through the door and see her like this. It was bad enough that the General could see her now. Collingwood didn't matter. He'd seen her plenty of times before. The absurdity of doing this here on Earth 1 didn't escape her either. A General commanding her to strip in his office would normally be grounds for a solid sexual harassment case. After the Earth 2 experience and all of the testimonies including hers, he held all the cards here now, though.
"You are an extremely attractive woman, Captain Birmingham. It's almost a shame to see you like this and picture what's ahead of you. You may have made someone a fine wife one day, and yet you prefer to be any man's instead," the General commented while looking her up and down. His eyes came to rest on her pubic area. "Your lack of pubic hair is an uncommon look for my generation. I'm not sure I like it. I feel a little embarrassed for you showing such detail of what would normally be hidden as God intended. Has it always been your custom?"
"No, sir. It was a requirement on Earth 2, sir," Emily responded. She was more than a little outraged by his old-school sexism but completely unable to find the words to protest. Her head was spinning badly, and she was starting to zone-out. The mortification she felt at standing there naked and having her body judged had well and truly triggered her humiliation kink now.
"But it's been a fortnight since your return, and yet I see no hint of stubble," he continued.
"What can I say, sir? I guess I grew to like it," she replied.
"Of course, you like it," Collingwood chipped in. "Would you be standing here like this if you didn't?"
Emily looked at him and saw that he was obviously having a ball with this. She made a face at him which made him laugh.
"What were those other commands now, Chief Engineer?" the General asked, turning to him.
"Ah, 'Kneel' and 'Open' are the ones I believe you are seeking, sir," Collingwood replied.
"And she will perform fellatio on any man if given those commands?" the General asked.
"That's correct, sir," Collingwood confirmed, grinning widely now.
"Ok then, Captain. I believe 'Kneel' and 'Open' are in order," the General commanded.
Emily could only stare at him in disbelief. Surely, he wasn't serious?
"She seems somewhat hesitant, Chief Engineer," the General noted.
"I believe she has forgotten that this turns her on, sir," Collingwood replied, "or that she told you that she was a willing participant in such activities during our whole time on Earth 2. Captain?"
Emily knew she was mentally outmanoeuvred, and both of these men knew it so there was no other option now. She gave Collingwood a foul look before slowly dropping down to her knees while keeping her hands behind her back. She then opened her mouth and looked up at the General, scarcely believing this was happening to her. She tried to console herself with the thought that it was just one more blowjob, and what was that now anyway after the hundreds, possibly thousands she had given on Earth 2? She realised her pussy was soaking wet as well.
Her shoulders rose and fell as she breathed deeply into her chest to try to calm her racing heartbeat. The men watched in fascination as a faint pinkish flush started to show across her breasts, before rapidly spreading to her face and neck. The change was subtle, but completely captivating. Collingwood had never seen her react quite this way before.
"There we go, sir," he pointed out. "She's all yours now. Go for your life!"
The General gave a shrug and then unzipped himself in front of her. Emily wanted to protest. She wanted to say 'no way', but she was out of arguments. Both of these men were determined to see this through one way or another.
Fucking Collingwood is going to pay for this! I asked him to keep my kink a secret and he betrayed me!
A sexual haze began to wash over her. She was on her Earth, not some foreign world with unfamiliar customs where this kind of thing was normal. The man in front of her represented the world she had always known. She stared in fascination at the semi-erect cock in front of her face, and her brow furrowed as she considered what this meant. There would never be any going back from this moment. She had been stripped bare and was now about to become the same fuck-toy on her home world that she had been forced into being on Earth 2. Yet, she had never been more turned on in her life. She could feel her wetness seeping down onto her inner thighs.
Still conflicted, she reluctantly took the General into her mouth and then slowly increased her rhythm as she felt him stiffen and grow. Apart from his slight paunch which kept her reminded of where she was, her mouth was crammed full of cock that felt, tasted, and smelled all too familiar. It wasn't the same man, and this wasn't Earth 2, though. She was vaguely aware of Collingwood's presence and knew that he was watching all of this too. The combination only increased her arousal, and she was overwhelmed with a desperate need to bury her hand in between her legs and play with her clit as the General began to thrust with his hips, meeting her motion by pumping himself into her throat. She tried to remember her deb training and about giving the gift, but it was no use. She was completely lost in her zone now.
He suddenly put his hands around her head and made a half step forward, forcing her onto his hard cock, literally fucking her face. She gagged as he drove himself down into her, causing tears to run down her face in response. This wasn't like an Earth 2 blowjob where she did all the work with her hands behind her back while they stood still. He was using her completely, with no respect for her dignity or comfort, treating her like a whore, or possibly re-enacting his favourite porn scene, and she was loving every second of it. To be treated like this on Earth 2 would be degrading enough, but the knowledge that this was her home world put it on a whole other level. She knew that this man now thought of her as a complete fuck-toy to use and abuse as he saw fit, and it was pushing all the right buttons like never before.
The shame and humiliation she felt at what she had become in his eyes suddenly made her orgasm. She hadn't even touched herself! As her body shook in ecstasy, muffled mewing sounds mixed with gagging filled the room as she continued to accept the General's rigid member pumping into her throat.
Suddenly he withdrew, using his own hand in the final moment to cum onto her face. Realising what was happening, she kept her mouth open but closed her eyes, feeling some of it land on her tongue but most dropping heavily onto her eyelids and cheeks. Oh God, she could feel how wet the insides of her thighs had become. She was lost, a pure sex-toy for any man.
After taking a moment to recover, the General looked down at her and she averted her gaze, her face red and burning in shame as she stared at the floor.
"Well, it seems you were absolutely correct, Chief Engineer," the General confirmed after he had zipped up again. "If I hadn't witnessed it for myself, I would scarcely believe it. Please assume the 'Present' position once again, Captain."
Emily got back into the position, doing her best to wipe the General's cum from her face, along with her tears from gagging, and silently prayed this would all soon be over.
"I assume that the pale mark around your neck was caused by the collar you were wearing?" the General continued.
She unconsciously tossed her head so that her hair fell more forward across her shoulders as she replied. "That's correct, sir, yes."
"And I understand that your captain insignia was affixed to it, so you were recognised as an officer while officially being out of uniform?"
"Yes, sir," Emily replied. There was no point trying to lie about anything now.
"Well, it seems all matters are resolved then," the General decided. "Congratulations, Envoy Birmingham. You are our planet's first official off-world representative. Before your return trip, please report to Stores with your collar and have the captain's insignia exchanged for the Envoy emblem.
"Um… thank you, sir," Emily replied humbly, the redness of her face still very much apparent. "If it's all the same to you, may I please get dressed again now?"
"You may," he replied, "and um… thank you for your services today. I feel more than confident now that you can handle yourself in the environment that we are sending you into. Good luck, Envoy Birmingham, and do us proud."
"Thank you, sir. I will do my best," she replied as she hurriedly set about gathering up the pieces of her uniform and dressing again, all the while keeping her head down, trying not to look at either of the men present.
Finally, she was able to depart, saluting the General with whatever remaining dignity she had, and giving Collingwood her foulest look.
Collingwood didn't follow her out immediately, so she waited in the hallway outside for him. At last, he appeared.
"You and I need to have words, Rod," she began. "Why the fuck did you just do that to me? I told you that stuff about me in confidence. It was supposed to stay between us! We also discussed that you making decisions about me without talking to me first was crossing a line!"
"Simple, Emily," he began. "I love you and I wanted to make your dreams come true. The old boy was still very much on the fence about sending you back, so I found it necessary to tee him up with the commands and your new paraphilia, and convince him to try them out on you to see for himself. Naturally you came through with flying colours, and now you have a promotion, as well as the opportunity to live out your fantasies."
WTF?
"So, there was a possibility I could have gotten out of this, and you deliberately ruined it?"
"Yes, you can thank me later," he replied with a smile.
"What the fuck, Rod! What have you done to me? Do you realise what I have become in the General's eyes? And now I have to go back to Earth 2 and repeat everything that happened to me!"
"Oh, don't be like that. In our conversation last night, you indicated you were open to the idea of going back, and we had sex using the Earth 2 principles. You can't tell me you didn't want this."
"Look, yeah while I do have a kink now, that didn't mean I wanted to go back and live it in my day-to-day life again for years," Emily responded. "I was hoping that it would just be something we could keep between us as our thing. And yeah, the only reason I said I'd go back was because you made it sound like I had no choice. If I knew I still had a way out, I would have taken it. Jesus! Now my fate is pretty much fucking sealed, and nothing can change that!"
"Ok, tell me then," he continued, "how wet are you right now? I'll bet any money that you're still practically dripping. Shall we make a wager on it, and you allow me to touch you like I did last night as proof? I saw what happened in there. You loved every second of it, and I bet you can't wait to get back to Earth 2."
Emily knew there was no way she would ever win that bet. He was right about how wet she was. She had also been resigned to the idea that she was going back even before the meeting with the General. Ok, so it was a done deal now. It was happening and there was no choice now but to try to make the most of it. Nothing really had changed from how she assumed it was going to turn out beforehand. She couldn't help but feel completely outraged with Collingwood, though. He had orchestrated the whole thing and tricked her into it. The trouble was, she didn't know if he did it out of ignorance and love, because he genuinely thought that it was best for her, if he did it for his own selfish gratification, or if he did it as a joke. With Collingwood you could never be quite sure.
She then realised it didn't matter what his reason was, or that she was happy about how it had all turned out. With her face still burning from what she had just done, and the IUD incident by no means forgotten, she suddenly reared back and punched him square in the face with such force it caused him to stumble backwards and sit on the floor.
"I hope that fucking hurt!" she angrily vented as he continued sitting on the floor wondering what had just happened. It hurt her hand as well, and she shook it to make sure she hadn't broken it. "Ok fine. Yes, I do want to go back for all of the reasons you said, but don't you dare ever make a decision about my life again without talking to me about it first. This is my life, and you have no right to do that."
"Fuck, Emily." he winced as he raised himself off the floor, rubbing his cheekbone. "Ok, maybe I had that coming, but you needed me to do this for you. Putting the IUD in you was one thing, and I admit that was a mistake without asking for your consent first, but getting you to go back is an entirely different matter. We both know full well that masochism is a curious thing, and you could not make this choice for yourself for the very same reason that it turns you on so much that you want nothing more. You needed someone to take control and make you, and who better than your bonded husband? I think my role in our relationship is to be your handler, and I accept the role with honour. Oh, think of how much fun we'll have together on our return to Earth 2. What do you say?"
Oh God! He's right.
While she didn't regret punching him, the idea of someone else controlling her was making her head spin. She did need it, and his mention of continuing to control her back on Earth 2 made her knees go weak. She could just imagine the humiliating things he would have her doing without the moral restraints of this Earth. If she thought she was wet after blowing the General, now the arousal felt almost like pain across her lower stomach. She wanted to strip naked right here and be fucked by every man on the base.
"You need to fuck me now, Rod!" she demanded.
"Very well, Envoy Birmingham," he replied with a smile, still rubbing his face. "I'll take that as a yes. Be naked in my office by the time I get there. There's a sink in there where you can wash up and get yourself respectable. I shall fetch some coffees on the way. The usual for you, I presume?"
"Yes, white and one, and don't be late!" Emily replied as she wondered how many people would do a double take as they noticed the state of her hair and the dried cum on her face as she made her way there.
*****
Two weeks later she was back on the bridge of the starship touching down on Earth 2. She looked around at her old crew as Collingwood smiled at her as he got up out of his seat. Norris had his eyes glued to his screen as he shut down the thrusters, and Jenkins had come up from the engine room to wish her well. The Master had returned as well, and one of the other crew members had gone to fetch him so he could disembark.
She fingered the collar in her hand with the gold "7GQA9E" tag. The captain insignia had been replaced with an embossed dove holding an olive branch - the official Envoy emblem. She buckled the collar around her neck as Collingwood held her hair up. Then she stood up, unzipped, and stepped out of her coveralls. For a moment she stared at the crumpled heap at her feet. It was the last piece of clothing she would likely wear for years, and she began to consider the possibility that it could be forever. The significance of that didn't escape her and she didn't know whether to cry or laugh about it. Collingwood was right. She did want this, but she needed someone to make her do it. It was too late to back out now in any case. She was about to be 7GQA9E again, the permanently naked fuck-toy who got off on her own humiliation and couldn't stop craving it. Even now her heart was pounding, possibly harder than it ever had.
"Ready, 7GQA9E?" Collingwood softly asked.
"Um… yeah sure," Emily replied, snapping out of her thoughts. "Engineer Norris, the bridge is yours."
"Very well, Envoy 7GQA9E," Norris replied. "Good luck, and do us proud."
"Thank you, Norris. I will do my best."
"Three cheers for Envoy 7GQA9E," Jenkins announced.
"Hip hip. Hooray!"
"Hip hip. Hooray!"
"Hip hip. Hooray!"
"Thank you, crew," Emily responded, unable to prevent a tear from falling onto her cheek. "I wish all of you every success as well."
"It's time," Collingwood whispered to her as he held out his hand. She gladly took it and let him lead her to the airlock.
The outside hatch opened, and daylight streamed in, causing both of them to shield their eyes.
"Ready for this?" Collingwood asked one more time.
"No, but about as ready as I ever will be," she responded, wiping another tear from her eye.
Moments later she stepped out naked into the light of Earth 2, hand in hand with Collingwood at her side. It was Day 1 of being a naked fuck-toy for years this time. Who would be the first man to give her a command? It was all so deliciously humiliating!
The end. Or is it the beginning?