Continued from One Fine Hot Summer
It had been just over a week since Alex let John cum all over Summer's face while he had taken pictures. They hadn't yet given him a repeat performance, but Alex noticed that both John and Summer were a lot more comfortable around each other. John, who they'd only ever seen in long-sleeved shirts and trousers previously, now wore shorts and vest tops more, Summer teasing him by walking around in bikinis or underwear, sometimes even topless.
Alex was at work this afternoon, wondering what she was doing at home when Summer sent him a message with smiley faces on it. John was so comfortable now he'd resorted back to naked sunbathing which he'd done a lot of before the youngsters had moved in.
"Tempted to join him in being naked outside, it's making me laugh seeing his cock twitch when he sees my tits bouncing as I walk," she'd written.
He laughed at the idea of her teasing him, knowing it was only teasing as he knew she wouldn't go too far without him being there.
"Hold fire a bit, I'll be back in thirty minutes," he typed.
Getting back from work he found them in the garden, John waving casually to him. He called Summer over, and they whispered to each other.
"He's making me frisky wandering around him with his cock pointing at me," Summer said quietly.
Alex whispered back, and then she giggled and ran into the house. Alex sat on a lounger by John when Summer returned, still topless with her bikini bottoms on but with a flushed look on her face. Standing in front of them, she asked John if he minded her sitting naked with him. John told her no, then sat open-mouthed as Summer turned her back, and peeled down her bottoms to reveal her 6" fat dildo fully inserted in her arse.
"Take some pictures Alex?" she asked now John's erection had sprung to life.
She knelt on all fours, arse pointing at John, and told him to cum over her fat arse. He didn't look at Alex for approval, knowing Summer called the shots and started stroking as he stared at her plugged arsehole. Summer reached underneath herself and rubbed at her clit.
"You know what would make for a great picture? John's cock nudging at your pussy," Alex instructed.
Summer paused, and John pointed his cock down and slid it along her wet labia. The very tip of his cock disappeared from sight as they both tried to keep still while Alex took photos. John started to rub his cock along Summer's pussy as he wanked, then suddenly he erupted, his cum shooting across her arse and back, stripe after stripe covering her buttocks. Alex took pictures of her splattered arse while she licked John's cock clean, and then Summer went to shower.
At about 8 pm that night John called them both downstairs.
"I'd bought you this before this afternoon," he laughed, handing Alex a box, "I thought it may come in handy if you take some more public shots."
Alex opened it and showed Summer that John had bought them a digital camera.
"It's got a really good zoom feature and a huge memory card so you can take lots of pictures or record videos on it for quite a few hours too," John continued.
"We can't accept this, it looks expensive," Summer said.
"It's worth it as you're making an old man very happy again," he smiled.
Summer hugged him tightly and Alex thanked him with a shake of his hand.
"Before you go, and linked to that, I was hoping to tag along with you for some public pictures if you don't mind. I have somewhere in mind but haven't been there for a while so I need to contact someone first to check things out," he said.
Alex looked at Summer and shrugged, they hadn't been out too much since moving in there, and the weather was getting a lot warmer now too. They told John okay, but he wouldn't give them any more details, except when pressed by Summer told her that he used to go there when he and Anna were a bit younger. He left them telling them he was going to have an early night, leaving them intrigued but excited.
"You don't mind him tagging along do you?" Summer asked.
"Of course not, I think he's seen enough of you over the last few weeks already that he won't see when we're out and about," Alex laughed.
The following day while Alex was at work, Summer was sitting in the garden reading a book when John came out to her. He was only wearing shorts and looked a little dismayed to see Summer wearing a dress and sitting in the shade. They chatted idly for a while until Alex returned, and then John told them he'd spoken to his friend Bill who told him it was still good and they could use his house as a base.
Alex asked where it was, John told him there was a forest with a walkway all around the edge, dog walkers and joggers used it mainly these days. Bill's house was right on the edge and he had a gate that gave them access without having to use a public car park there. Alex asked how they were getting there as it was a good hour's drive away. John walked over to the garage at the side of the house and showed them an old Mercedes Benz he had parked in there.
"Do you drive Alex?" he asked.
"I have a license but can't afford a car," Alex said.
"Well I don't drive this any more but my insurance should cover you driving it, we can take this?"
They agreed that he'd let Bill know they'd be over on the Sunday coming. Going up to their room Summer searched online for the place he'd described, and her heart fluttered a little. The path itself looked about two miles all around, but at differing points, footpaths were leading off towards housing estates. The thought of taking outdoor photos had excited her anyway, the thought of how many people might be about excited her even more.
Sunday came and they got in the car to travel over. Summer sat in the back with John, and once they'd started asked him about Bill.
"We grew up on the same street, went to school together and then worked together. At first, I felt a bit sorry for him, he got a lot of stick, don't forget this was the early 1970s. You'll understand why when you see him," John answered.
He paused and looked at Summer, then smiled.
"You remind me a lot of Anna, Bill will see it too," he said.
"Did he know her well then?" Summer asked. John laughed.
"Yeah, very well," he smiled, "I may as well tell you the full story. When we were young we were both chasing Anna, both trying to take her to dinner. Neither of us knew the other was or one of us would probably have stepped back so we didn't fall out," John replied.
"And despite Anna choosing you, Bill didn't mind?" Summer pressed.
"No, he was actually pleased for us, but I also knew how much she liked him too, it had been a difficult decision for her as she knew how close we were, she almost chose neither of us," he continued.
He looked through the windows and gave Alex a few directions to go.
"He sounds like a good close friend," Summer said, resting her hand on his thigh and smiling at him.
"Yes, it was Bill who first found this place, bought some land and built his house there. It was known back in those days as a place for illicit affairs, there were always cars parked up with either couples fucking in them, or walking into the forest away from prying eyes. It wasn't quite what you youngsters know as dogging though!" he laughed.
As the road looked to be curving around a corner John said to look for a metal gateway in the tall hedge, pulling up there was a speaker on the wall.
"Hi John and company, opening up for you," a gravelly voice said.
The gates swung open to reveal a long driveway with a house at the far end.
"Wow, this is some place," Alex said.
"Bill's parents left him quite a lot of money when they died, it paid for this place to be built from scratch. Despite how he might look now, Bill won't ever move out," John told him.
They pulled up by a double garage and the door opened automatically, Alex drove in with the garage doors closing behind them. The garage had a door leading into the house and as they got out of the car they were greeted by a sturdy-looking black man leaning on a walking stick. He was around the same height as John, with almost white hair contrasting against his dark chocolate weathered skin.
"Hey John, good to see you again buddy," Bill smiled.
They hugged and smiled, then Bill saw Summer.
"Oh my!" he said.
"Yes, she does look like her doesn't she?" John laughed.
"Tell me your name now sweet child or I'm going to be calling you Anna all day," he told her.
"I'm Summer, that's Alex. John said I look similar to his wife," she smiled.
"if I didn't know for sure she hadn't had any, I'd swear you'd be one of her children," Bill laughed.
He turned and walked slowly into a huge kitchen with various plates of sandwiches and pastries adorning a table. He explained he thought they may be hungry after the journey, and if they were doing the whole trek would need to fuel up too. They ate for a while, then Bill looked directly at Summer.
"Do you know what you're going to do over there? Flashing, full nudity, hoping to get caught perhaps?" he asked.
She turned and looked at John, who shrugged, and then she faced Bill again. She realised he'd told Bill exactly why they were visiting.
"A few photos, maybe a bit of video, probably going to improvise, make it up as we go along," she answered.
"Anna used to love it over there, hopefully, you'll like it as much we used to. Are you going with them, John? I'd love to join you but this leg is playing me up again," he winced as he said it.
"Probably only to the bench, then come back while they carry on around. My legs won't make the whole circuit either," John said.
"Ah, the bench. Good memories," he laughed, John laughing with him.
When they were ready Bill pointed them down the long garden, at the end was a gateway. By the gate was a swimming pool, with a large wooden pagoda over the top and right around it. Bill sat on one of the loungers and swung his legs up.
"I'm going to relax here until you return," he said, peeling off his t-shirt to reveal a fair growth of white chest hair to match his head.
"If you need to leave anything it will be safe here, oh and here are two keys for the gate, one for John if he's coming back first, you guys can take my key," he continued.
Summer put down the backpack with their belongings in it, Alex holding the camera. He told Summer to leave her glasses here also.
Bill waved them off and they went through the gate. It led to a small gravel track leading towards the walkway. As they started walking up it, Summer turned to John.
"So, when you and Anna came over here, did Bill come too?" she asked him.
He told her, yes, and she looked at him a little puzzled.
"Right, you may as well know. When Anna and I had been married for about three years one night we decided to talk about any fantasies we might have that we hadn't spoken about, or done. By then I knew Anna liked to be nude in public and had persuaded me to do so too, in fact, she tried to be caught if possible to gauge people's reactions. One of Anna's other fantasies was to have a threesome, preferably with another man. She also added that she'd also like to have sex with a black man too," John said.
Summer looked on as his facial expression changed.
"And she'd chosen Bill?" she asked.
"No, he was my idea. She didn't want to because of our history, but I said I'd prefer it was him than a stranger, and we knew he fancied her. We did so quite a few times over the years actually," John answered.
We'd come to the walkway, a wide mud pathway running between the trees. John pointed us to the left to go that way, and we started walking along slowly.
"You had no problem sharing her then?" Alex asked.
"She never fucked anyone else, and it was always while I was there with Bill. She had quite a few people touching her up around here though, and gave out quite a few blowjobs," he laughed.
A few minutes later we came to a small clearing where a bench sat, a heavy set wooden slatted one. John pointed out that there was a proper pathway not too much farther around, one of the footpaths leading to the houses nearby.
"This is where Anna first fucked Bill and me together. She sat on the bench between us both, fully naked, then climbed onto Bill's cock while sucking me. As if her first threesome wasn't exciting enough, you can imagine how she felt when we were so busy going at it we didn't notice a couple walking their dog had walked down from that footpath and had stopped watching us. The woman gave her husband a blowjob while they both watched us. She'd have loved it if we'd been able to watch that back," John reminisced.
"We should take the first photos here then," Alex announced, holding the camera up and getting it ready.
Summer felt her heart flutter. She smiled at Alex, then at John, then looked up the pathway towards the footpath. Somebody could walk down here at any minute. She worked out it would take around twenty seconds to get from the footpath to here. They'd see her before then, but she'd have time to move if her nerves got the better of her. She nodded yes to Alex, it was why they were here after all.
Summer had worn a floral wrap-around dress on purpose. She'd remembered seeing it when out shopping one time, and tried it on excitedly. There were two buttons on the side to keep it fastened tighter, and a belt so it could be worn loose. She'd looked at herself in the dressing room mirror, seeing how much thigh and cleavage was on show with just the belt fastened. At the time, it was to turn Alex on as much as she was seeing herself. Now, here in the forest, it was perfect for showing off without being completely undressed.
She moved to the bench and sat in the middle, undoing the top button first and leaning forwards, her large tits trying their best to escape. John looked on smiling as she undid the bottom button, and moved the dress onto the outside of her legs. Now her lacy thong glistened in the sunlight where it was already damp. She spread her legs more and put her feet up on the bench. Now the fabric barely contained anything, her labia poking from either side as the fabric pushed into her wet folds. She saw Alex look up towards the path, then motioned her to release her tits into the sunlight too. Summer did so eagerly, cupping them and pointing her large erect nipples to the camera.
"Fucking beautiful!" a voice shouted out as a man cycled past them down the pathway.
"Holy shit! Alex, why didn't you warn me?" Summer shouted.
"I wanted to see your reaction," he laughed, "and to be fair, you haven't even tried to cover up," he continued, pointing to her still open dress.
"Bastard," she squealed, smirking as she felt her heart beating fast.
"How did Anna pose John?" Alex asked him.
John moved over to Summer, pushing her up so she was crouched on the bench, her arms outstretched along the back, her arse leaning on the back slats of the bench.
"Hmm, like that, except she was naked," he said.
"Take her undies off then John," Alex instructed.
"Leave my dress on a bit though please?" Summer pleaded.
John reached around her and undid her bra, freeing her DD cup tits out into the open. He manoeuvred the straps along her arms and removed the bra completely. He then reached down and pulled the thong from the back, his fingers sliding along her buttocks as he pulled the material away, Summer lifted in legs in turn, allowing him to pull the thong from each leg.
"Keep them in your pocket please, John?" Alex asked him, "and no moving for anything you," he told Summer.
John smiled, the thong in his hand like he didn't want to lose his grip on them. He watched on as Alex took photo after photo of Summer, pulling the dress off her shoulders and leaving her naked for anyone around.
"I'm going to go back in a while and leave you guys to it," John said.
"A couple of pictures with you in first?" Alex asked, "you can take Bill's place," he winked.
John looked at him puzzled, then it clicked what he wanted. He looked over at Summer who looked equally puzzled.
"Let John slide under you babe," Alex said.
John sat to the side of her, pulling down the zip of his trousers and undoing his belt. Summer realised what was happening and stared at Alex, who simply smiled and nodded at her. She lifted a leg and John shuffled over until he was right under her. He pushed his trousers down to his knees and his erection sprung out. Summer reached down and held it steady brushing it against her wet lips, groaning as she did so.
"That's great, hold that pose," Alex instructed, kneeling and zooming in more, "now, slide down a little further."
John reached around and his hands cupped her large tits, holding them up for the camera. Summer lowered her lips a little more until around two inches of John's cock was inside her. she groaned loudly, and looked around to see if anyone was around.
"Move back up just a little touch, oh that's great, your lips are gripping him perfectly," Alex told her.
He took a few more photos and then told her to lower more. Summer slid down, four of John's six inches inside her, his fat cock pushing her lips apart. Alex took more snaps.
"Right down now babe," he said.
Summer pushed again until only John's balls could be seen.
"Move a hand onto her clit John," Alex instructed.
With her cock full the finger rubbing against her clit made her stomach churn. fuck that felt good anyway, but the excitement of being caught at any second was unbearable.
"I need to cum," Summer cried out.
John started rubbing his finger along her clit.
"No, plenty of time for that," Alex said.
He walked over and pulled Summer slowly off John until his cock was freed. John reluctantly pulled up his trousers and telling them he would see them later, walked off back down the pathway. Alex told Summer to leave the dress open, and they walked the other way. As they walked, she kept turning and walking backwards, smiling at Alex who took pictures of her state of undress. They walked past the footpath, seeing someone walking down it.
"Carry on past but ignore them like you haven't seen them," Alex told her, "and leave the dress open.
Summer walked on, without the glasses she hadn't noticed it wasn't a guy but a woman with short hair in a pixie cut. She looked up from her phone and saw Summer, looked back at her phone and then did a quick double-take. Summer walked past the end of the pathway, the girl stuck up her thumb and smiled at her.
Carrying on a little further, Summer stopped and waited for Alex to catch up.
"Oh god that was insane, I'm practically dripping," she told him, "take some pictures here."
They carried on around the walkway, a couple of times bumping into people walking their dogs or just having a stroll. One old couple scolded her, telling her she was disgusting. Summer couldn't help but laugh as she shrugged her shoulders and bent over, pulling her buttocks apart and showing her gaping holes to the husband before running off down the pathway.
About an hour later they were most of the way around, Summer alternating between walking short distances with the dress off and wearing it open. Alex told her to stop. Summer crouched down again, pushing the dress apart and running her hand slowly through her pussy lips, then rubbing her wet fingers across her erect nipples, then into her mouth. Alex looked behind her into the distance.
"Slide your dress off babe, so it's lying on the floor," he told her.
Now completely naked, he told her not to turn around for anything. Summer pulled a face at him, but quickly changed her expression when her finger found her clit again. She thought she heard a sound, somewhere behind her, and fought her instinct to look around. Alex stood and watched through his zoom lens as three men came jogging up the pathway.
He watched as they saw her, then noticed she was naked, nudging each other as they approached. They saw Alex, watching them get closer but not warning the naked girl. Alex saw them clearer as they neared them, all looked like they were a little older than himself, maybe mid-twenties. They slowed as got closer until they came to a halt alongside Summer.
Summer had heard the footsteps, and knew there was more than one person. She'd stopped rubbing at her clit now, but one hand was still between her legs while the other was pinching a nipple hard. They noticed Alex was taking pictures.
"Can we take pictures too?" one blurted out.
Alex looked at Summer, then back at the three of them.
"Yeah sure, if you want," he smiled.
They moved around to by Alex, pulled out their phones, and started taking pictures.
"She's got great tits mate," one told Alex.
"You can be in the pictures if you want?" Summer flirted, "I'm not fucking any of you though before you get ideas," she said, standing up now.
She smiled at Alex playfully and then smiled, beckoning the one who'd said it to her. She took his hands and placed one on each tit, rubbing his hands across her nipples, then smiled for the camera. One of the others walked over and stood on the other side, taking a tit each. She felt the first one slide a hand slowly down her back, judging to see if she stopped him, then rubbed his finger slowly into her arse crease. Summer shuddered at his touch. Now it was Alex's turn to pull a face. You started this babe, no good complaining now Summer thought.
Her hands had been by her sides, and now she wanted to judge Alex's reaction, so she pushed her hands across their crotches, feeling two semi-erections through their shorts. She rubbed her hands across them, squatting down as she did so. Looking at Alex and licking her lips, she pulled down their shorts at the front.
"Oooh hello," she grinned as two decent-sized cocks sprung from their shorts.
She grabbed both and pulled them around behind her so they rested on her shoulders.
"Have you stopped taking pictures?" she asked Alex, pulling a mock sulking face.
She turned her head and planted a kiss on the end of one, making it twitch. She giggled and did the same to the other. She started stroking them gently, then looked at the third guy who was still taking pictures with Alex and beckoned him over. Loosening her grip on one of the cocks, she pulled his shorts down. He tried to pull away, maybe he was a little shyer than his friends. His erection slid into view, like John's it wasn't that long but was fatter than the other two. Summer slid her head forward and kissed the tip of his cock.
"Come closer Alex, get some better pictures," she told him.
As he walked over, she could see his cock bulging in his shorts, as much as he wasn't happy at Summer taking charge, he was clearly enjoying the show. Summer grabbed the cocks on either side of her and rubbed them across both cheeks, smearing their pre-cum over her face.
"Video time Alex?" she asked, "time for you guys to paint my face white if you want to?" she told the guys.
Alex started videoing while Summer pulled his cock from his shorts, then four erect cocks pointed at her face as the owners wanked over her, Summer moving her hands to cup her tits again.
"Just to catch any spillages," she giggled.
Now and again she'd open her mouth and let a cock stray onto her tongue, smiling up at the camera each time. She moved her head around them, moving her tongue along them, opening her mouth to encourage them. One of them grunted and a cock was pushed right against her face, then it spurted its cum several times across her nose and upper mouth. Summer flicked her tongue across her top lip, savouring the taste of his semen.
The remaining cocks were a blur in front of her, and anticipating another load she closed her eyes. Fingers traced around her arse from the small of her back, sliding down and onto her pussy. She could feel a body pressed against her from behind, helping to keep her steady. The fingers slid through, found her clit, and as she moaned loudly they moved back a little. Pausing, two and then three fingers were slid into her pussy. Summer flinched a little and then relaxed, enjoying the sensation of the fingers rubbing her pussy walls. The hand was removed abruptly, and then just as quickly thrust back in, all four fingers now. Summer pushed back against the owner, who started thrusting faster.
Summer could feel her insides churning, her orgasm brewing inside her, and then the hand was withdrawn again. She opened her eyes to look around to complain, seeing who it was. She thought it was Alex, but he stood in front of her, one hand holding the camera and the other stroking his cock in her direction. Quickly looking up, she saw two of the joggers on either side of her head. She realised it was the other of the joggers behind her, just as all four fingers were crudely shoved into her arse. Summer yelped at the sudden intrusion, then wiggled her hips as she got used to it.
The hand was thrust at a fast speed, fucking and stretching her arse hard. As he fingered fucked her arse, she felt an erection against her leg. Then a hand slid between her legs and four fingers were slid into her pussy also. Holy shit it felt so good to be full like that. Glancing up, the others hadn't moved. It was the third guy, the one who'd already cum, with his hands up both her arse and pussy as he fucked them simultaneously. Summer felt her body letting go, and as she started shaking as she came hard, he changed his angle and she slumped onto the floor lying on her back now he wasn't supporting her.
Her eyes closed, trying to regain herself, she could feel the hands still fucking her, not letting up their pace and fucking her through her orgasm. She'd squirted across his hands but he kept going. Summer reached down and grabbing the backs of her knees, hitched her legs up in the air. She saw cocks on either side of her, and Alex standing by her feet, getting a video shot of all of the action in one go, not bothering to wank himself anymore.
Grunting got louder, and her head was turned and a cock pushed into her mouth. He fucked her mouth for a little while, then her head was turned and the other cock pushed in too. Summer wondered how long they'd been there, whether anybody else had gone past, whether anybody else had stopped to watch if anybody else would join in. It seemed like forever, and still, these two cocks kept going. Eventually one started shooting, his load flooding across her eyes and forehead, and he tipped the other one who started cumming too. His load went across Summer's ear first, her head pointed away from him. She turned in time for the rest of his cum to spray across her mouth and chin. She realised that the hands had left her arse and pussy, the warm breeze flowing into her gaping holes, and she felt splashes of cum across her lower stomach and some hitting her pussy.
She lay motionless, hearing voices, and eventually opened her eyes again to see the three joggers walking off down the pathway. She looked up at Alex who stood with a massive grin on his face.
"Enjoy that did you?" he laughed, holding his hand out to help Summer get up and handing her dress to her.
"One of them has just given me his number, asked if I can send him some photos and video if possible, even asked if we could meet up and do it again," he told her, "I told him that would be your choice."
He didn't wait for Summer to answer, walking away up the pathway towards the gate to Bill's house. Summer paused for a second and watched him move away. The hands in her pussy and arse had taken her so close to cumming again, then left her on the edge. She wanted to reach down and finger her clit there and then but reluctantly ran up the path to catch up with Alex. Walking in through the gate didn't help matters much.
"Wow, started without us have you?" Alex laughed as they entered the garden.
John and Bill were lying on their backs on separate loungers, totally naked. Summer wasn't expecting it and gasped.
"I was going to ask if you've enjoyed yourselves, but I see you have," Bill smiled, pointing to Summer's face where traces of semen still coated it.
Summer glanced at his cock. It was a mixture of Alex and Johns, except for its dark chocolate colour. It was around as long as Alex, but as wide as Johns. John grinned as he saw her looking. He pointed to the pool.
"Jump in, wash yourself off, then join us," he told her.
Summer slid off her dress without hesitation, and jumped into the cool water while hearing Bill wolf-whistle her. She plunged underwater a couple of times, wiped her face off, then swam to the steps and climbed out. Three sets of eyes were clamped on her, the cool water having made her nipples erect, droplets of water clung all over her body shining in the sunlight. She lay on the floor on the edge of the pool, Bill having thrown a towel to her to put under her. Summer made a point of making sure her legs pointed towards the two old men and lay with one knee bent.
"John says you're pretty good at this photography lark," Bill told Alex.
"I get plenty of practice with Summer," he grinned.
"John said you have talent, even said how you enjoy the contrast in their skin colours together," Bill continued.
Summer was looking around now, taking in the garden and its fine selection of plants and bushes.
"I like the ribbons on the pagoda, they're so pretty fluttering about in the breeze," she told Bill.
Bill and John looked at each other and laughed.
"Have you ever been married Bill?" she asked him.
"No, never wanted to get tied down," he said.
They looked at each other again and laughed loudly, pushing each other and laughing again. Summer and Alex looked at each other in puzzlement.
"Sorry, shouldn't have laughed at you," John said, "they're bondage straps," he said pointing to the pagoda.
Alex realised he'd made a joke about being tied down, and explained it to Summer, who blushed having not known what he meant. She saw Bill looking between her legs again, and felt a familiar feeling in her stomach.
"So, you like to tie people up there?" she asked.
"Oh not just others, me too," Bill answered.
John explained it was another thing Anna had wanted to explore. Most of the time when they visited she'd tie Bill up, then coax an erection out of him, then go back inside and leave him, then return later. Sometimes she would keep going out for hours on end, teasing him relentlessly, until finally making him cum.
Sometimes she and John would be fucking in the house, so she'd finish him with a handjob or blowjob. Sometimes they'd just watch TV, Anna eventually bending and backing onto him, letting him cum over her arse after fucking him. Sometimes, but more rarely, she'd role reversal and let Bill tie her up.
"We could take pictures of you tied up there," Alex told her.
"As long as you don't leave me tied there for long?" she asked.
Alex assured her they would, then told her to put her dress back on, and also her glasses, saying they'd make her look more nerdy and vulnerable. Summer did so, fastening both the buttons and the belt. She stood by the pagoda, John getting up to fasten two straps around her wrists from straps hanging from the top of the pagoda. He tied them lightly, enough that she couldn't pull her wrists out but not too tight to hurt her. As he went to sit down again, Alex asked him to stay put.
"I want to roleplay you as her captor, I'll keep your face out as always," he instructed, "a few pictures of Summer on her own first though."
On Alex's instructions, John took another of the ribbons off and wrapped it around Summer's head, over her glasses, making a blindfold. He made Summer pose like she was trying to get out of the restraints, a look of despair on her face. a smile appearing hearing footsteps. John unwrapped the blindfold and Summer smiled at him and nodded up towards her tied hands. Her expression dropped as John started to squeeze her large tits through her dress.
He ground his body against her, Summer feeling his growing cock pressing against her hip. John moved a hand and undid the top button, then pulled her tits out of her dress. He leant forward and took a nipple into his mouth, biting on each in turn. His hand slid down and he undid the bottom button, then moved the dress to the side as he stroked her thigh. Taking a step back, he opened the belt, letting the dress drop open. He moved to her again, Alex taking close-up shots as he slid his hand along her pussy.
"Let's untie her now, so she can thank you for doing so," Alex grinned.
"No," Summer answered, "he should take advantage of her being tied up still, playing with her until she begs him to let her down so she can thank him properly."
Alex nodded, Summer taking the initiative wasn't a new thing. He took pictures as John slid one, two, then three fingers into her pussy, He used one hand to lift one of her legs, then slid a finger into her arsehole. Like the scenario they were creating, Summer was getting turned on but also frustrated at having to stop for pictures.
"Do you think you could lift my legs and put your cock at my pussy entrance, that would make a great shot?" Summer asked.
It would, she thought, but she also hoped it would make his cock brush against her clit. John crouched, put his elbows under her knees and lifted her. As he stood his cock brushed along her thighs and found its mark. Alex told him to hold still while he crouched and took pictures.
"Push in a little bit further," he told John.
John did so, around half of his cock impaled in Summer. Alex took some pictures of that, and some of Summer's open mouth at her pussy being stretched. Seeing John getting tired, he told him to put her down again.
"Now do the same to my arse," Summer told John, smiling at Alex mischievously.
She opened her legs as far as she could and bent forward, not as far as she'd have liked due to the restraints on her wrists. John stood behind her, his hands spreading her buttocks and opening her arse to receive him, cock in place right by her willing puckered arsehole. On Alex's instructions, he pushed half of his cock into her arse.
Summer groaned loudly, her face a look of contentment.
"Make a face like you're pleading with him now," Alex told her.
Summer did so, not just because Alex has asked, but also because she could see Bill stroking his erection while watching on. She'd been right, it was possibly a little longer than Alex's eight inches, but also a little fatter than Johns which was currently pushing her arse so wide already. John withdrew from her and then started untying her wrists. As he finished, he looked at Alex.
"You know you said about the contrast in skin colours between my suntanned skin and Summer's pale white, imagine what Bill's dark chocolate skin would look like next to her," he grinned.
Alex looked at Bill, still stroking his cock, and then at Summer, who nodded at him.
"That would look great in the photos," she said, biting her lip.
"I can't stand for long though," Bill said.
"We can work around that easily enough," Summer smiled.
Alex paused in thought, then told John to put one arm around Summer like he was holding her up, the other hand looking like he was calling someone to them. Summer told him, okay, but to let her go with the flow while he moved around them and concentrated on the photos. Ignoring the camera now, she stood John and Bill on either side of her and stroked their cocks towards her face. She turned to each and stuck her tongue out, catching the very tip of their cocks each time. She then turned slightly towards John and sunk her mouth over the end of his cock, looking straight up into his eyes as she did so.
Bill told her couldn't stand up much longer, so she quickly turned and did the same to him, before laying him down on the towel. Kneeling between his legs, she sunk her mouth over the very end of his cock again and paused for Alex. She beckoned John behind her and rubbed his cock along her slit, making her groan loudly despite her mouth having Bill's cock in it. His cock moved, and she shook as she felt his tongue sliding into her arsehole.
John didn't stop for pictures, he tongued her arse like he hadn't eaten for a week. Realising what he was doing, he abruptly stopped, much to Summer's frustration. He moved back up, Summer hearing Alex speak but not what he said, and she felt John's cock slide a little into her. Now he paused, but she could feel his cock pulsing as much as her stomach churned. Summer desperately wanted to push back onto him and sink her mouth fully onto Bill's cock, but that wasn't why they were here.
She moved her mouth and told John to lie down next to Bill. Looking straight at Alex she squatted over John so his cock parted her wet labia. She reached over and grabbed Bill's cock again, then sunk a little lower onto John's cock. She could feel her lips gripping his shaft and instinctively knew how good that would look in the photos. She pushed down a little further, Alex watching on, then sunk right down. She groaned loudly at being filled and stroked Bill's cock. As good as it felt, she had more work to do. Reluctantly she lifted herself off John and straddled Bill now. Doing the same to him, she lowered herself inch by inch until all of his cock was inside her.
"Fuck that looks hot," Alex blurted out while crouching to take photos.
Summer hadn't finished yet, lifting herself slowly off Bill. His cock appeared, soaked in her juices, and she moved over astride John again. This time, she lined his cock up against her arse. Facing down his legs, she urged him to put his hands up onto her tits, John tweaking a nipple with each hand like he was trying to tune in on old radio. She looked directly at Alex and the camera bit her lip, and lowered herself slowly down his shaft. Leaning back, she reached down and pulled her labia apart, her pussy gaping open desperate for something to fill it once more.
"Does this look good babe?" she asked Alex.
She raised herself and moved over to Bill again. As before, she lined his cock up against her arse and lowered herself down. Bill's hands squeezed her tits hard as his cock slid inside her, Summer groaning loudly at her tiny puckered hole being pushed wide open. Once fully lowered she put her hand down and squeezed his huge heavy balls.
"Oh fuck these photos are going to look amazing," Alex cried out.
Summer thought he might have been a little worried about their cocks intruding in her holes, but the very obvious erection said otherwise.
"One last trick," Summer grinned and winked. She stood up and turned to face the other way, squatting down over Bill again. Getting down on her knees she held his cock against her pussy and pushed down until around three inches were inside. She leant right down, lying across Bill's chest, and reaching behind herself and pulling her buttocks apart she paused while Alex took closeups.
"Come on John, my arse needs your cock again," she urged him.
John hardly let her finish asking. He stood over her, lined his cock up against her arsehole and pushed half of his cock into her. Alex told him to stop and took more photos. Summer felt so full, so content, but also so far on the way to orgasm. Moving her hips she groaned loudly as she took more of their cocks inside, then moved back again.
"Oh babe, I really need to cum," she told Alex.
She started riding them, both John and Bill staying still while she moved her hips, slowly at first as she enjoyed them rubbing her insides. She waited for Alex to complain, to stop her. Yes, he'd taken photos of her giving blowjobs. Yes, he'd taken pictures of John, and now John and Bill, with their cocks in both of her holes. This was more, this was her fucking them both.
Bill's hands had gone to her massive tits, squeezing them hard and raking his fingers across the soft flesh, pulling and tweaking her nipples roughly. Whether John had expected them to stop too or not, now his hands grasped her shoulders as he started fucking Summer's arse in time with her pushing back, Groans and moans filled the air, and soon Summer's body shook and she came hard.
She felt the cool air rush into her gaping arsehole as John's cock withdrew. She felt her body be moved and twisted as she was removed from Bill's cock too. She felt the feel of the towel on her back, her eyes closed against the brightness of the sunshine. She felt hands push her legs apart, someone kneeling between them, their knees keeping her legs parted. She felt hands roughly manhandling her tits, and a cock rubbed against her face. Her head was turned slightly and a fat cock was pushed into her mouth. She lay still and let it fuck her mouth, more and more pushing in, the taste and smell of herself filling her mouth and nostrils.
Her mouth and tits were busy, a hand rubbed along her wet slit and onto her clit. One solitary finger worked itself on her, Summer groaning as much as the cock in her mouth allowed. She felt like she'd been there for ages then felt warm splashes across her tits and loud grunts filling the air. Spurt after spurt after spurt flew across her tits, big as they were, they were almost covered. The finger on her clit was working its magic and she bucked her hips up against it. Just as she started to cum again, she felt semen splashed across her pussy and lower stomach, some of it dripping down onto her arsehole.
The cock in her mouth pulsed and twitched and it was pulled out of her mouth, just in time to cover her face. There was a lot, one side of her face covered and her hair a soggy mess. The cock was put back by her mouth, allowing her to lick the owner clean, Summer not leaving a drop go to waste.
She lay still for a while, eyes still closed, her body tired, enjoying the feel of the semen strewn around her body. She heard movement around her, but lay still, a look of pure satisfaction on her face. Eventually, she rolled onto her side, looking around. John and Alex were sitting close by, looking at the camera. Bill was hobbling back up towards the house. Alex saw her looking over.
"Wait until you watch this final video babe, it looks damn good on here, it's going to look even better on the bigger laptop screen," he beamed.