Living in the south of the Netherlands made Linda smile, she was happy that she had made the decision to leave Amsterdam 10 years ago.
Her husband Richard immediately agreed with her idea. Amsterdam was much busier and parking was a problem almost every day.
Fortunately, that was now a thing of the past.
Linda is 43 and works as a manager at a bank in Eindhoven, about half an hour's drive from her home.
Her husband is 2 years older and CEO at a large steel company with branches all over the world.
3 years ago, Linda celebrated her 40th birthday with family and friends.
She rented a castle with 12 bedrooms especially for that occasion so everyone could drink her expensive wine during dinner.
Because there were not enough rooms, not everyone could have a 'single room'
Linda had agreed to share a bedroom with Chantal and Priscilla.
Chantal is two years older and is a friend from her student days, she now works as a physiotherapist at a hospital.
Priscilla is one of her three personal secretaries at the bank and is in her early 20s.
That night they were so tired they had no time to discuss the evening, after brushing their teeth they wished each other good night and immediately fell asleep.
The next morning I woke up around half past eight and only then noticed how beautifully decorated the room was.
Excellent paintings from the 17th century on the walls and large Chinese vases in the corners.
Against the wall a beautiful desk with wooden chair and behind that a large mirror.
Priscilla was still asleep, but I heard water running in the bathroom, Chantal was in the shower.
On the outside of the bathroom door I saw the bathrobe that we had joked about yesterday: Who could use it, there turned out to be only one.
I thought back to the discussion with a smile.
Chantal must have thought this morning that, as the organizer of the party, I had the right using the bathrobe.
She's such a good person too, I'm glad I know her.
I look at Priscilla who is still sleeping when I suddenly see Chantal's clothes on a wooden box, she must have forgotten them when she left for the bathroom.
When I stay in bed I would see her naked as soon as she comes out of the bathroom and that thought made me very uncomfortable.
We are good friends but have never seen each other naked, there was never any reason for that, we both didn't like the sauna.
Chantal will also find it annoying when she discovers that her clothes are still in the bedroom, so I get out of bed and take a seat behind the desk with the large mirror in my pajamas.
There are a number of hotel brochures on the table, as well as a map of the area.
She had enjoyed the party yesterday, almost everyone was there.
John had been drunk and Aunt Marie had fallen, fortunately without any damage.
While her thoughts go back to last night, Chantal comes out of the bathroom.
"I forgot my clothes" she whispers because Priscilla is still sleeping.
"It's okay, that's what I thought," I whisper back as I remain seated behind the desk with my back towards Chantal.
I don't want to make her feel bad.
I don't want to look in the mirror like a voyeur, but it does happen very briefly.
This will be a kind of human reaction everyone recognizes.
I quickly see that Chantal has breast implants that she never told me about and I see that she had ​ taken white panties with her to the bathroom, so I could have stayed in bed afterwards.
Suddenly my heart skips a beat when I see that she isn't wearing panties after all.
She recently went on vacation and it's the tanline of her bikini bottoms.
Chantal is completely shaved!
I quickly look at the brochure again and pretend to read.
I can't let go of what I just saw,
I know that many young women shave, but not someone who is 45 years old, right?
I've never thought about it myself,
I don't want to look like a young girl from below.
What will Richard think when he sees me without pubic hair?
He will probably send me to a psychiatrist.
I understand that Priscilla may be bald underneath, she is still young.
But Chantal....
"Hello, are you really awake?"
Chantal had now gotten dressed and was laughing in a colorful summer dress.
Priscilla was also awake and already in the bathroom.
Luckily the bathrobe was still hanging on the door, so it was really mine.
"You were probably still thinking about the party?"
I tell her that I have never had so much fun and thank her for being there.
It must have been the alcohol that was still in my head, otherwise I would never have dared to ask this question, even though we have known each other for years.
"Can I ask you a very personal question?" comes out of my mouth.
I immediately regret asking this question, but it's already too late.
"Of course,"
Chantal reacts, "that's why we're friends, right?"
"Promise me you won't get angry?" I ask to be sure.
"Of course not, hurry up with that question. It can't be that bad, can it?"
I tell her that I secretly looked in the mirror when she came out of the bathroom and discovered that her vagina was completely shaved.
"Well, you don't have to be so difficult about that, you can just ask that question,"
Chantal indicates: "I've been shaving for years, haven't you?"
With this question I feel the blood rushing to my head, which is slowly starting to turn red.
I tell her that I have never thought of that and that it is more something for young girls like Priscilla.
Chantal laughs at this just as Priscilla leaves the bathroom in her cocktail dress from last night.
"You're not laughing at me, are you?" Priscilla asks in surprise.
"No," says Chantal,
"but our birthday friend thinks that you are only allowed to shave your vagina and I am not because I am already 45 years old. What do you think about that?"
I felt ashamed, now she had also involved Priscilla and that was not my intention at all.
It was a question that only friends ask each other and certainly not someone from my work and whom I also managed.
"Are there still people who don't shave?" Priscilla asked.
"Yes, the lady opposite me is still hiding her slit in a forest."
I felt myself sinking at this confrontational comment and wanted to leave the room as quickly as possible, but I stayed seated at the desk.
Apparently I am a rare phenomenon and all the ladies in the workplace walk around with a shaved pussy.
I had turned 43, but I immediately felt 10 years older at the thought.
I immediately got defensive and said
"I had never thought about it, why would I?"
"Richard would probably think I was going crazy."
"Maybe Richard likes it" Priscilla commented
"he's never seen anything other than pubic hair on you"
"my boyfriend doesn't want me to walk around with a bunch of hair on my pussy"
Meanwhile she is packing her suitcase.
What nightmare have I gotten into that these two people now know I have pubic hair.
This was very normal thirty years ago.
I hear myself thinking, 30 years ago....
Have I perhaps not kept up with modern times and became old-fashioned​?
I carefully say that I don't want to look like a primary school girl but like a grown woman.
Almost simultaneously, Chantal and Priscilla make the comment,
"Then you don't shave everything away!
I hadn't thought of that myself.
"Then you shave, for example, a landing strip or a triangle above your slit."
"Yes, that is also possible," Priscilla adds,
"you don't have to remove everything, it is your body, but I do recommend that you shave around the lips. to remove all hair. That's also much nicer for Richard's tongue."
Wait a minute, am I now discussing my sex life with an employee who wasn't even born when I got married?
Before I can say anything, Chantal makes the comment
"or you shave a V from Churchill"
This all happened 3 years ago, but although I immediately ordered a razor when I got home from the party, I never dared to use it.
Until I suddenly had to think back to our discussion when I received an invitation from the gynecologist last week for a standard examination.
Several thoughts went through my mind:
Doesn't this man find it strange that someone with a bush of pubic hair is lying on his examination table?
Can he see everything clearly?
Of course I have to wash my pubic hair thoroughly beforehand, imagine that....
It also still bothered me that my Chantal probably saw me as old-fashioned, so when Richard went to a bar with his friends on Saturday evening, I walked to the cupboard where the razor had been waiting for 3 years.
I took a bath first and then stood naked in front of the large mirror attached to the bedroom door.
There I stood, a can of foam in one hand and the razor in the other. It felt weird, why would I do this?
Then I thought again about the examination and what the doctor would think and about the word "old-fashioned".
I had made my decision, what the heck. If I don't like it, it will grow back in no time.
But what would be the pattern?
I hadn't decided yet, a landing strip, a triangle.
Then I thought of Chantal's comment
"or you shave a V from Churchill."
That seemed nice to me and was something different from the landing strip that I had seen in a Playboy.
When I got a bowl of warm water from the bathroom, I first applied some foam around my lips, because Priscilla said no hair was allowed to grow there.
I proceeded carefully, afraid of cutting myself, first the left side and then the right.
After 5 minutes there was no hair left around my slit, although I had to get used to it when I saw it in the mirror,
I was satisfied with the result.
Now came the hard part, how did I get the V shape right?
I suddenly thought of the tape that Richard had used to fix the refrigerator yesterday.
I cut 2 pieces and glued them to my pubic hair in the shape of a V.
Everything under the tape had to remain, everything outside of it I could shave.
After 15 minutes there was a nice V above my slit.
Just remove the hair between my buttocks and I'm done.
Now I no longer felt like an old-fashioned person, no longer a hippie, but a woman who was aware of the current fashion trends in the world.
I now also attend board meetings with a shaved pussy and walk around the workplace with it just like the other girls.
It sounds crazy, but I'm just happy. I think I should have done this much sooner.
Time to get dressed and do some shopping.
While putting on my panties I notice that everything has become much more sensitive.
That's of course because ​ there has always been hair.
I also felt it while walking in the store, it feels like someone is caressing my pussy all the time.
Do all those girls walking around feel this way?
I suddenly look at the world around me very differently.
I decide not to tell Richard anything yet, tomorrow is my appointment with the gynecologist and I first want to see how a stranger sees me without the hair down there.
When Richard comes home from his bar meeting around midnight he wants sex, but I told him that I had an appointment for the examination the next morning and I didn't want the doctor to see that I had fucked a few hours earlier, so I only gave him a blow job.
He is satisfied and does not yet see the result of my shave from earlier that day.
The next morning I drive into the clinic parking lot early.
My appointment is at half past ten, but it is eight o'clock when I lock the car.
I feel a kind of excitement, maybe for the exam or maybe because someone will see my V for the first time.
This morning I decided to dress as decently as possible.
A black skirt, white blouse, pearl necklace and mid-height pumps.
My hair up, small earrings and not too much makeup.
Red panties with matching bra.
After having a coffee, I take a seat in the waiting room around a quarter past nine.
Besides me, there are two other women present, but there are several doctors so I am called in by the assistant at exactly half past nine.
She goes through an extensive questionnaire with me, after which I am asked to go to the changing room and undress completely.
Now I'm starting to get nervous, soon someone will see my shaved pussy for the first time, something that even my own husband hasn't seen yet.
I undress, fold the skirt and blouse neatly and place them on a small bench in the dressing room.
I take off my bra and panties and hang them on a hook.
I place my shoes under the bench.
There is no mirror so I can't check what I look like but I guess my face is turning red.
Suddenly I hear from the other side of the door:
"Linda, come in when you're ready."
I open the door, walk into the room and shake the doctor's outstretched hand.
He introduces himself as Dr. Meijer.
There I am, for the first time someone sees my shaved slit with a small V above it.
The doctor remained very professional and walked towards his desk.
When he sat down I saw that he looked at my pussy for a second.
I immediately thought that he must had never seen a public V pattern before.
Should I have gone for a landing strip after all and was I now a joker?
There was nothing I could do to change it now, so take a deep breath.
After the doctor reviewed her answers from the questionnaire, he performed a few tests that women don't like.
The inspection with the speculum in particular took quite a long time, longer than in previous years.
And he also opened my lips much wider, it seemed like he was looking for his car keys, this became very uncomfortable.
When he was finished, he sat back behind the desk and filled out a form.
Why did he leave me standing there all this time?
When he had finally signed, he apologized and left the room to get a stamp from his assistant.
The connecting door remained slightly open where I heard them whispering.
I couldn't hear the conversation but I seemed to hear him say V at some point and then some laughter.
I must have heard it wrong, a doctor has to be professional and is never allowed to talk about his patients.
When he entered the room again, he handed me the form that I had to deliver at the laboratory, where they would take a few photos.
I walk back towards the locker room but Dr. Meijer calls me back.
The laboratory is on the same floor and afterwards he wants to discuss the results with me in this room. Just putting on my shoes will be enough so I don't step into any sharp objects along the way.
As I put on my shoes I want to go​ home, in a few seconds I will be naked in front of a strange man wearing only pumps,
I wish I had put on my sneakers this morning, why do I always want to look feminine.
I am also still sensitive from the examination with the speculum, it feels as if I have just been fucked by a black man's cock.
There is no mirror in the dressing room, so I can't check myself.
I don't have time to think, the doctor asks me to follow him.
To my horror, he opens the door to his assistant's room and nonchalantly says that she has seen so many naked people that I should not be ashamed.
When I enter the room I greet an older woman sitting behind a computer, she greets me back and I see that her eyes are immediately focused on my pussy.
Did the doctor talk to her about me after all and was this his plan to show his assistant my shaved V?
The woman is older than me, she is also from the pubic hair era, so she may have never seen this V pattern before.
Until a day ago I had never seen it myself and now I walk around with almost a hairless pussy.
It seems like Dr. Meijer has started walking slower, suddenly he stops and asks the woman to check his agenda to see if he has any other appointments that afternoon.
"Otherwise I'll go home soon, I want to play tennis."
During checking his agenda I see that she looks at me every now and then, after which she smiles kindly, it seems like she enjoys what she sees.
It feels like my lips are still parted, maybe that is why the assistant is smiling all the time.
"She can't see it from her workplace, can she?" I wonder "
You have no further appointments," she says.
The doctor walks towards the next door, fortunately this room is empty, after which we end up in the laboratory.
"Just wait here for a moment" he says, "Chantal will be here soon"
When he leaves the room I look around and see a small mirror.
Finally I can check myself.
I walk over and see my face is red and my nipples are hard.
Annoying, I don't want that, what do they think of me?
I look like a 16-year-old girl who has never been naked in front of a doctor before.
The doctor and the older woman must have seen that too, they must have.
Now I also want to take a look at my slit because that burning feeling has still not gone away, but the small mirror is hanging too high.
I look around and see a small bench in the room that I place in front of the mirror.
As soon as I stand on it I see the results of my shave again, a V with a bald slit underneath.
Because of the doctor's speculum, my lips are now far apart,
I'm a bit scared, it seems like a kind of invitation: "Come in."
It usually takes an hour and then everything is back to normal, but that's taking too long now.
Someone will come soon to take photos, a certain Chantal, according to the doctor.
Could I take off my shoes yet?
Why am I still wearing them?
At that moment the door behind me opens and I hear the familiar sound of Chantal's voice, my Chantal, my friend.
"How nice Linda, I heard you were here.
There are not enough staff members in the laboratory, so I help out from the physiotherapy department, we are in the same building.
Shall we start right away? Will you come along?"
I follow Chantal to a large machine.
"You look good," she comments.
"I'll just grab the remote control of the device."
When she walked back she saw my pussy
"Linda, you're shaved! A long time already?"
When I told her "yesterday" she laughed.
"You didn't want to look like a Hippie for this exam?"
"Tell me, how does it feel now? Much better, right? And a nice V, I see you followed my advice. "
"That's cool, most women don't choose that design, but you did the first time."
"And does Richard like it too?"
"He hasn't seen it yet, he was home late yesterday and I didn't want sex for this appointment."​
"Well, I suspect it will be a nice evening, just enjoy it," Chantal says.
"Just walk along to the device, stand with your back against it and don't move for a moment."
Now Chantal also noticed that my lips were quite far apart due to the speculum examination.
"Well, that will be fine tonight, I see."
"Richard can slide his cock right in. Your slit is already open for a good fuck."
She asks if it hurts.
"It's burning a little," I tell her,
"but I'm fine."
"Dr. Meijer is a bit more cautious with most patients. This won't go away in an hour, I'm sure of that"
"Because we are friends, I want to tell you something that I'm not really allowed to say, do you promise not to tell anyone else?" Chantal asks.
After my promise, she tells me that a story is going around among the staff this doctor stretches some women's slits a little more than necessary when he suspects that they will have sex with their partner a few hours later.
"So today it was your turn"
"He probably saw that your pussy was recently shaved and that you haven't had sex in the last 24 hours"
"He enjoys knowing that he touched your pussy before Richard did today."
"His assistant probably took a photo of you with her laptop camera for his archives."
When Chantal had finished with the photos, I walked back to the room as quickly as possible. the dressing room, the assistant room was empty and the doctor was probably playing tennis by now.
I went into the locker room and felt my pussy again, my lips were still parted.
I quickly put my panties and bra back on, my skirt, blouse and shoes and left the building.
When I was in the car I relaxed, I felt a tingling going through my body.
I wanted Richard's cock, I wanted to show him my V and I wanted to feel him deep inside me.
She drove quickly out of the parking lot.
After 5 minutes, Chantal walks into the parking lot towards a Mercedes.
She opens the passenger door and sits down.
Behind the wheel is Dr. Meijer and shows her the photo of her naked friend on his iPad.
They give each other a high five. Chantal starts to smile, it worked again.
Another woman who initially does not want to, but is persuaded to shave her pubes.
Linda was victim number eight.