On the afternoon of Oct 25th we embarked on our last camping trip of the year. We arrived at our old standby favorite camp site just north and a little east of Talkeetna about 5:30pm and knew we had to hurry because it was moving quickly toward dark and It was already fairly cold with a dusting of snow to promise winter might just yet beat us home. We set up our tent and I gathered first kindling and then wood for the fire while you prepared dinner.
We ate a wonderful meal, steaks, camp fire baked potatoes, and a scrounged up couple of corn-on-the-cobs that were really good for this late in the year. You had a couple of glasses of wine and I stayed with my usual lemonade.
By the time we'd eaten and cleaned up, it was almost dark and we stoked up the fire and pulled our chairs close and settled in for a really relaxing campfire evening. You seemed to be just a bit anxious which is really unusual for you. Being in the woods and more or less alone in camp with a perfect fire and even just a touch of snow falling was usually the atmosphere that calmed you down and relaxed you the most from the day to day dealings with the folks and the bureaucracy. We sat and talked for a while and as the natural gaps in conversation became periods of quite listening and absorption into our surroundings, you really seemed to be a bit on edge.
So I wasn't really surprised when you excused yourself and got up and headed to the truck. I figured you were going behind the truck to pee and really thought nothing of it.
But DAMN, was I ever surprised a few minutes later when I looked up and there you stood, just outside the tent, beautifully naked and posed to draw my attraction, which you obviously did. I could see the trepidation on your face, the fear and the panic just under control, but also the determination to fulfill a promise you'd made to yourself to open up and step completely out of the shell you really hadn't even been aware of just a few weeks earlier.
So as I got up to come to you, you held out your hand indicating you wanted me to stay right where I was. I sat back down and as you slowly walked up to me, you leaned over and put your arms around me and kissed me so deeply and passionately that I knew we were in for a magnificent evening at camp.
I put my arms around you and pulled you closer and you straddled my legs and lowered yourself down onto my lap and my covered, ever growing and hardening cock. I could tell you could feel me when you were completely in my lap by the little wiggle of your hips to position yourself just exactly where you were the most comfortable, and the broadening smile on your face. And you sat there for a moment, moving ever so gently and arousing me ever so MUCH MORE. I truly expected that at any second, you'd grab my arm and rush back to the modesty of the tent. But you firmly moved your hips and made it very obvious that you had no intentions of running for cover.
Normally, about this point in our arousal, you really want me to take control and make things happen as I feel moved, but not so much tonight. I moved to get up with the intent of picking your beautiful nakedness up in my arms and taking us both to the tent to continue our play. But you made it very obvious that you didn't plan on going anywhere right away.
In fact you stood up and pulled me up and hurriedly unbuttoned my pants and pushed them and my underwear about half way down my thighs and then, rather roughly, pushed me back into the chair. And you then did what I would have never expected in my life. You again straddled my legs and you lowered yourself down onto my cock, engulfing me in your unbelievably wet pussy and before you'd even sat completely down, you began to move back and forth and up and down and totally take control of the moment. I began to move my arms up to caress your breast and you very brusquely grabbed my wrist and pushed them back behind my head and held them as you began to move faster with more speed and purpose and to literally thrust your pelvis toward me, back and forth and up and down and to literally fuck my cock with an abandon I'd never suspected. An abandon that had me so excited and aroused that I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that you were very, very close to sucking all of my juices from my body and creating the single most powerful orgasm I'd ever experienced.
But you sensed how close I was to my explosion and you squeezed my wrists harder and stopped. You were pushing into my pelvis and you seemed to be sucking my cock deeper into your pussy. But you just sat there, very still and very peaceful, staring into my eyes with such a glorious look of power and freedom and purpose. We looked into each other's eyes and shared a level of joy neither of us knew possible, and at some point I realized that you'd begun to move again. Very slowly, but with definite focus and absolute control. Very slowly you moved across my pelvis and up and back and then back down on my cock and again sliding across my pelvis.
You'd found spots inside your pussy you'd only faintly experienced, but realized that now, with the control fully yours and the freedom and actually even requirement to move and control the force and the speed, you were moving toward a whole new orgasmic experience. I looked up to see a look about you that was just this side of sheer ecstasy. I could feel the strength and purpose of your movements as you allowed yourself to become completely lost in the physical sensations that your power had created for you.
And I began to feel the emphasis you infuse into your movements as you move in a direction that first favors one inner area and then another as your pleasure and tension began to build and at the same time to motivate your movements even more. You begin to develop a fluid rhythm that is sensual in movement and you allow yourself to go deeper and deeper in the passion and intensity and power as your body adapts the rhythm and it becomes natural and comfortable and consuming and you move forward and backward and up and down and the movement seems perfect and it conveys a passion that can't be captured, but will never be completely released.
You fuck, and you fuck and you pull me with you to a place that is total peace and complete power and your movements begin to glide and we both follow along in such bliss. From the intense look in your eyes it's clear that you've shed every last inhibition and the sum total of your being is focused in your pussy and on your clit and the sensation of using my cock are busting through all the passion and energy to the new woman who awaits you just beyond. I'm transfixed and so overwhelmed that I barely notice that unbelievably and almost sadly, I'm totally engulfed in the most powerful climax I can ever remember. With the exception of my wonder at your obviously enthralled state, I'm totally and completely immersed in the power you've created in my cock and the massive explosion that is just now beginning.
I can't hold back and I wrest my arms from your hold and grab you by the shoulders and add my power to yours as we move and fuck and fuck and fuck and you openly shake my hands from your arms and grasp my shoulders as you begin to virtually shiver and your pussy contracts and grabs hold of my cock and squeezes so that my unbelievable pleasure is accelerated even more and your body involuntarily shakes and fucks and almost seems to contort through the pleasure and the release that you've brought about in such a short but incredible time.
And we both grab each other and force our arms around each other and we totally and completely melt into each other's exhaustion as the combined power and glory of what we've just made settles around us and leaves us totally spent but yet so absolutely energized internally that we both feel as if we'll simply vibrate into oblivion if we don't hold tight and firm to each other in our world by the campfire.
It must have been only a few minutes because we both had just a touch of snow in our hair, but still none on either your totally naked body or my partially nude and totally restrained body, when we began to stir. I expected that at this time you'd realize that you were naked outdoors in a spot that anyone else might come upon us and you'd want to jump and run to the cover of the tent.
But no, that's not what happened at all. You looked down and noticed that I was still sort of partially wearing my pants and that, though torn and almost unrecognizable; I was still wearing what was left of my shirt. And you stood up and demanded that I remove those rags immediately and join you in the pleasure of nakedness in the Alaskan winter forest.