This is my first ever work of fiction and I have no idea what I am doing. Enjoy my thoughts and I'm sure criticism will be numerous and abound. I hope you enjoy what I'm trying to accomplish.
Intro:
It's finally happened. She is addicted to being naked and there is no turning back. She doesn't want to wear clothes anymore and the very thought makes her disgusted and very uncomfortable. The urge to be naked has gotten so strong that it's out of control. Her exhibitionist passions are her only reason for existence. Her sex drive is furthering her obsession and motivation. She knows it is a problem but she has loved every second since her awakening. Nothing makes her wet anymore unless she is thinking about exposing herself in public. Looking at public nudity photos and videos isn't enough anymore. Staying naked indoors and masturbating for hours with the windows open late in to the evening isn't good enough. At night she's left her house nude with no cover on a regular basis. Even that can no longer satisfy her. By luck, she has not been caught or reported but she has been seen. One hand on her tit and the other in her pussy while naked in public is her new normal.
The only question she keeps asking herself is why is she looking at the front door fully nude with her hand on the door knob? Her other hand cupping her pussy gently stroking. Today is different. Barefoot with no clothes she is leaving her apartment naked in broad daylight. She starts to touch herself. She wants to open the door and go outside.
Her name is Sonya and she has lost control.
Chapter 1:
Things accelerated quickly for Sonya. She stands naked looking into the mirror hanging on the front door. Why does she need clothes anyway? However, being the intelligent woman she is, the answers are obvious. Sonya knows the reason why you need to wear clothes. Society has established that clothing makes a person decent and fit to interact with the general population. Clothes mean work, money, comfortable living, no jail time, and no articles in the newspaper or long stints of expensive therapy.
Sonya didn't care anymore. Well, she did care about her job and money. She could just work from home now. She would love to get rid of all her clothes. (yes, this is how far her nudity obsession has landed her)
The need to be nude anywhere and everywhere has taken over and outside of her professional life, she wants to be a total nudist like the very sex stories she recently discovered online. Just thinking about it makes her pussy swell and moisten. Her prominent clit is on display and since her awakening she's pretty sure its swelled a little bit more in response to the risks shes taken and willing to take in the future.
In addition to her addiction to nudity, her masturbation addiction has become her 2nd obsession in life. Sonya often spends her free time looking at public nudity porn with her left hand twirling in her juices. Her toy (also a recent purchase) is always running almost 24/7. Of course she was not always this way. So let's begin.
Before Sonya discovered her nudity addiction she was a bland, boring, and mostly average single woman. She had no hobbies, special talents or any real interests. She just did enough to live a lower middle class lifestyle in modest comfort. However, she had the body of a goddess. Sonya is in her mid 20s. She has firm C-cup breasts, well proportioned hips, round supple backside, beautiful thick dark hair and the most gorgeous dark caramel skin.
Sonya really didn't take much notice of her body though. She just existed in this living shell as she called it. One too many negative experiences made her find happiness within herself. While she has had sexual encounters with men on occasion, they often find her dull and boring after a months even after they have sex with her and see her body. She doesn't engage much and men often get the vibe she simply is not interested in them. At best, they stop talking to her. At worst she finds out they are cheating. Some even eluded to the fact her body was a waste to be part of such an unremarkable person. This further distorted her body image and self-esteem issues.
One would say she was borderline depressed. Sonya was so neutral and bland that almost anything could manifest in her life as her passion and drive to live and enjoy life. She masked the negative aspects of her life by working long hours and lots of time exploring the vast world of the internet through streaming content or online shopping. Surprisingly, she has resisted the temptations to seek adult content online. She has no secrets worth exposing.
.One day on a Friday afternoon, Sonya had an incident. She was at work when suddenly she totally blacked out and fainted. She had no prior issues or underlying medical conditions. It just happened. She was unconscious long enough to be rushed to the hospital. 4 hours later, she recovered. The usual assortment of medical tests yielded nothing.
All she could really think about was how uncomfortable her medical robes were. Sonya looked at her work clothes hanging up on the door. For some reason, she felt oddly disgusted by the drab dark colored waste of fabric. She just realized that someone had to undress her and see her body. That thought stuck with her for much longer than normal. She ignored it.
Her one and only friend, Marietta was by her side. Sonya insisted on leaving and driving home. She didn't want to stay longer than necessary for fear of medical bills. Marietta reluctantly followed her home insisting they take the back roads in case Sonya was not fit to drive. Marietta walked her friend home, taking the opportunity to look through her apartment discretely for any pills or substances that may have caused her to faint. None were found. Satisfied her friend was ok, she left for the night.
Sonya began to feel exhausted from her ordeal and decided to take a shower. As she took off her clothes she felt relieved as if a burden had been lifted. After she washed and dried her beautiful body, she put lotion and oils as she always does at night to keep her skin soft. However upon putting her bed clothes on she noticed how different they felt. They felt rough and itchy like wool on bar skin. She though this was odd because her bed clothes were pure silk. She decided to ignore the sensation blaming it on her blackout hoping a real sleep would but her all at ease.
When she laid her head down to sleep, she began to have a dream. It was a naked dream.