Vikki came into my life through a business venture of mine. I had to make some contractual agreements with several not for profit organizations so they'd agree to lend me certain information that they had in their possession. Vikki put the contracts together so I wouldn't get myself into legal trouble. I was expecting to get a 60-ish balding lawyer when I contracted her firm for legal services and instead they sent her out. When we first met she was dressed quite smartly, as one would expect, and conservatively enough to satisfy even the most up tight executive.
Vikki is a leggy Italian woman with auburn hair, gorgeous eyes and lips, and a figure that doesn't quit. She got my attention when she walked through the door and it was difficult maintaining eye contact. I had to, of course, as we had far too much work to do for me to be more than a little distracted.
She'd arrived at my office just before ten in the morning. We sent out for lunch and when six rolled around that evening we still weren't done. I had thought that she'd bring along a couple of boilerplate style contracts and we'd be good. I should realize by now that few things are ever that easy. But also, I had specified I didn't want whoever her firm sent going back to New York before we were ninety percent done. At six that evening we hadn't yet reached that goal. A large part of that reason was the fact that I wasn't nearly as organized and prepared as I thought I'd been. Vikki had to ask me endless arrays of questions to get each contract properly worded so I wouldn't end up in court because we hadn't done due diligence in the first place.
I saw the clock edging past six and I suggested we take a break and go out for something to eat.
"Where do you suggest?" She asked.
I thought for a second and replied, "There a really good Italian place not far from here." She agreed enthusiastically and we were off.
We both did our best to make it a working supper. Vikki had her legal pad with her and continued to make notes and make suggestions straight through dinner.
When dinner was over she picked up the glass of wine she'd been nursing, pushed back a bit in her chair and said, "I need a break how about you?"
I agreed and she directed the conversation to the type of small talk you have when you're on a first date with someone. She was married with kids and I was divorced but in a relationship. From there we went to kids, talked first about mine and then about hers. Then we moved on to sports, old relationships, college, movies and finally to sex. I would love to say I don't know how the conversation got to sex but I have to confess that I purposely pushed it in that direction. As we started talking about sex Vikki seemed to bait me a bit but I was only too willing for such to happen.
We both started drinking a little more as the conversation became heavily laced with sexual innuendo.
"So you ever do it in public?" She asked.
"Yeah you?"
"Does giving head in a moving car count?"
"Sure, why not?"
Vikki gave me a very sly smile and then said, "Excuse me while I go powder my nose."
When she came back Vikki looked a little different. She was wearing a skirt, blouse and jacket that matched her skirt. The jacket had been buttoned up all day but now it was opened and the top three buttons of her blouse were open and showing off her ample cleavage. I hadn't looked at Vikki in a sexual manner prior to that moment but now it felt unavoidable. As she sat down next to me she bent over just enough in front of me that I was able to get a good look down her blouse. I didn't think she had done it accidentally but then I didn't know either. I could only hope she'd done it on purpose. But then I thought "this isn't being very professional." And that thought was followed by "and I don't really give a damn either."
I was entirely turned on by Vikki. I looked down at her hand and saw the engagement ring and wedding band there. I felt momentarily disappointed but then reminded myself that I was in a relationship too so I was equally unavailable.
Suddenly out of the blue Vikki said, "You're cute."
"Huh?" I replied confused by what she'd said.
"I think your handsome."
I blushed and then said, "And you're beautiful."
"Do you really think so?"
"Of course I do. I wouldn't say so if I didn't."
"Thank you," she replied demurely. "My husband hasn't said anything like that in quite a while and a girl needs to hear those things."
"Well, you're quite beautiful and very sexy too," I said as I let my eyes drop to her breasts. I know how women hate it, usually, when a man stares at her breasts but I felt she had brought this on to get exactly this reaction.
"Thank you," she replied placing her hand over mine and giving it a squeeze. "We probably should get going." My heart sank a little when she said that. I had hoped we could continue our little repartee for a while.
"You're probably right," I replied in resignation. I paid the bill and we went out to the car. As I held the door for Vikki to get in I noticed her skirt riding up a little on her legs as she got in. Her legs looked marvelous.
As we drove back to my office Vikki asked, "Do you really think I'm sexy?"
"Of course I do, who wouldn't?"
"Well, like I said, I haven't heard any compliments recently so . . ." Her words trailed off.
We both thought it was time to be leaving. The restaurant was virtually empty by this time and we got the feeling they wanted to close up. It had been necessary for me to park to the rear of the parking lot when I'd arrived there and now just a few cars remained.
"I'm driving that black car towards the rear," I said to her pointing at my Mercedes.
"Very nice," she said, "mine's the Taurus just on the other side." She shook her head and then continued, "I prefer my Beamer though."
As we arrive at my car we stopped and I said to her, "Thank you, you've been very helpful."
She didn't respond but looked directly into my eyes, that searing to your soul look some people can do. Then she almost lunged forward pressing me hard against my car door, her thigh pressed into my crotch and her lips against mine. She quickly pushed her tongue between my lips and ran in through my mouth. My cock became hard almost instantaneously. As she kissed me with all the passion anyone could bring she was almost moving her body noticeably against mine. She had the ability to slightly move her thigh against my cock and her breasts across my chest while she continued with her passion filled kisses.
When we finally broke the kiss I said, "Let's take this to my place."
"No!" She said strongly and surprising me also. "I want you to fuck me right here."
She moved to the hood of the car and leaned into it with her back while she lifted her skirt and then quickly pushed down her panties. Then she looked at me again with that stare of hers and said, "Come on Peter fuck me right here. Show me how hot you think I am." Then she rubbed her hand over her pussy a single time and said, "make my pussy quiver."
I wanted to fuck her right there. God knew I was horny enough and hard enough. I looked around and there was no one in sight and we were in a dark portion at the rear of the parking lot so it felt relatively safe. I unzipped my fly and pulled out my cock.
Vikki rubbed her hand up and down my cock and then said, "Come on, drop your pants and fuck me properly."
I couldn't get over how this extremely intelligent and beautiful woman sounded so much like a whore and how wonderful it felt to me. The was appealing to a very prurient side of me I didn't even know existed. I dropped my trousers and as Vikki slid up on the hood of the car slightly I moved between her legs and eased her down on my cock. She was sopping wet. I grabbed her ass as we started to fuck and got a sense of how she felt beneath me.
"Gawd you're so tight!" I said to her a little surprised.
She moaned and said, "I work out just to keep my pussy and tits tight and firm. Do you like my pussy Peter? Doesn't it feel nice and tight around your cock?"
I had started moving my cock faster and harder into her. "Oh fuck does it ever!" I said.
The Vikki started talking dirty to me continuously. She'd say things like, "I love the feel of your cock in my cunt!" That usual prohibition against using the work cunt to a woman suddenly felt wonderfully dirty as she said it and incredibly arousing. "Wouldn't you like to fuck this pussy all the time?" She ask and I'd moan how much I would. "You love fucking a married woman don't you? You're a slut just like I am. You'd just love to have me as your own private slut wouldn't you?" It was as if she had taken over and I loved it.
I couldn't believe this stream of consciousness she had and it continued as we fucked. Then she said, "Oh Peter there's a couple coming towards us." I was ready to jump and hide but then she said, "Come on, ram that nice thick cock of yours into my hot wet cunt and make me come for them, make me come hard and beg for more!"
I started ramming my cock so hard into her I thought I'd hurt both of us but instead it just increased our arousal and then she yelled, "Oh yeah fuck I'm going to come! I'm going to come! Don't you dare stop fucking me! Fuck me harder! Fuck me harder! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
And I did just as she said when suddenly I felt the cum surging from my balls up into my cock and I yelled out to her, "Oh yeah, I'm going to come in you cunt! I'm coming, I'm coming!" My cock swelled and just as it did Vikki yelled out, "I'm coming!"
She keep squealing out that she was coming and I was moaning loudly, "Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah!"
As our orgasms subsided and I slowed down I whispered to her, "Where are they?"
I was still sliding my cock slowly in and out of her as she pointed and said, "They got in their car and left. Didn't you hear them?"
"No," I said surprised.
I finally let my cock slip out of her and to my surprise Vikki quickly slipped off the car and knelt down in front of me and took my cock into her mouth. "Waste not want not," she said as she released my cock and then took it back into her mouth. She sucked and licked my cock clean and actually had kept it somewhat hard.
Then she got up, patted my cock and said, "Horny little devil aren't you?"
"Oh honey with you, yeah!" I thought for a second and then asked, "Was there really a couple who saw us fucking?"
Vikki gave me a very sly look and said, "I'm your lawyer. I can't lie to you can I?"