Adrenaline flooded through my blood, my lashes fluttered in dismay. I brought my hair forward to cover my cleavage. I regretted my risque dress choice this morning. "Please not here Luke, it's far too public...and not in front of James." My pleading did nothing to deter him, I cringed as my boyfriend moved towards me gesturing with his hands for me to stand-up.
"Just a little holiday snap Rosey, don't be such a misery."
As he pulled me back down into his lap, he whispered into my ear "You look so fucking perfect in that skimpy dress, your tits look even bigger than normal, I have to capture you right now." The tourists ambled alongside us, taking in the view as they walked the scenic promenade. Some paused just ahead of our table to inspect the menu at the restaurant entrance. This was surely too exposed, even for Luke to risk us being seen.
I looked at James. "I really don't want my picture taken James, I'm hungover and look like shit...please if you must, take it quickly." James dismissed my plea, "You guys are super cute together, Rose seriously, my girlfriend would kill for your body. Every guy walking past is checking you out."
That was what I was concerned about.
Luke went in to kiss me. As he did, the back of his hand swished my long brunette hair back behind my shoulder, my cleavage felt the sun's warm rays. Luke started to gently suck on my bottom lip, as he pulled away a line of our saliva adjoined our lips. He then started to kiss behind my ear.
"That's so cool, you two are like walking sex. Don't stop, let me get a closer shot." James said.
I anticipated Luke's next move and I wasn't sure I could stop him. His hand moved down the front of my shoulder, slowly inching aside the stretchy fabric exposing more and more of my breast. I looked down and could see the edge of my pink areola. Luke pushed his tongue back into my mouth to quieten any protest from me. He pulled at the top some more. I felt the material brush past my sensitive nipple, as my rounded D cup breast fell out. I didn't move. I reasoned it could look like an innocent slip to anyone who looked across to our table. James kept fussing with the camera. "Keep going...almost got the right angle." Luke feeling confident squeezed my nipple. I instantly turned my body more into his, feeling embarrassed for so shamelessly letting James see me topless. "I told you she had great titties." Luke smugly said to James, before mouthing into my ear, "Just a few more baby, you will thank me later." I felt his fingers on my bare thigh. He readjusted his position on the chair as he pushed the hem of my dress up at the same time. He knew I wasn't wearing any knickers. This was starting to turn me on. I didn't dare look, so I buried my head further into his neck. I could feel the sun's warmth on my pussy lips. "Wow, fucking hell. No panties either." I heard James mutter under his breath.
"Open your thighs Rosey, trust me no one is looking...that's it girl, a little wider for James." As he spoke Luke gently used his hand to guide my knees further apart, then moved his hand between my legs. He parted my labia with his index and fourth finger. His middle finger started to vibrate on my clit.
"James, dude I hope you are filming this, she's really wet." Luke's words sounded fast and desperate. "Yeah, of course, I switched to vid, I know we are all going to cum watching this back later."
I felt my cervix squeeze deep inside, I liked the thought of James, a relative stranger, masturbating to what he had seen of me. It felt dirty.
Luke pulled down my dress and jolted me to the side of the chair. I readjusted the top of my dress just in time, as the waiter strode towards us.
"All good here, need more drinks, another jug of sangria?"
"No thank you." The waiter collected a few of our empty plates and moved to the table behind ours.
"Holy shit that was close!" James and Luke laughed, as I shook my head ashamed. It had been a rush and I felt incredibly horny. My willingness to let Luke expose me was getting out of hand, I worried what would be next.
-2-
Dating Luke had started off like must relationships. In the honeymoon period we spent all possible time together and had lots of incredible sex. We had lots in common too, similar interests in art, cinematography, cycling and a desire to fuck often. Luke was tall, big brown eyes, medium build with strong arms. Exactly my 'type'. So many times we were mistaken as siblings, it was true we did look quite alike, even our olive skin tone matched.
I wasn't aware of Luke's perversion or fetish to expose women in public until we had been dating for about six weeks. It was on a warm summer's afternoon and we were hanging out in a park before going to one of Luke's friend's for a BBQ. As we walked, our arms around each other's waists, we passed a group of older teenage boys on some steps. Luke's hand grabbed the bottom of my skirt and hitched it up. It wasn't a silly, quick flash of my arse cheek, he firmly held up my skirt long enough for the lads to point and laugh. I screamed at him, as I tried to push my skirt back down. He eventually let go, I was mortified. I was furious with him at that moment and remained pissed-off for the rest of the afternoon. However, when we were in bed that night Luke teased me about my flashing, that he had enjoyed showing off his girlfriend's sexy ass. It really got me going, I pushed his head down hard into my pussy telling him to make it up to me. I came twice from his apologetic tongue.
After the incident in the park, Luke wasn't deterred. He became braver.
He would ask me to remove my knickers in the cinema, or get me to pull my bikini bottoms down in the public swimming pool. He liked watching me do stuff like that. Nothing too risky, but enough to give us both a little kick. The chances of me being caught minimal. He told me I was the first girlfriend who was into this 'game' as much as he was. We didn't know what to call what we were doing, but we both liked it. Luke introduced me to watching CMNF porn or otherwise known as 'clothed male naked female' porn, the scenarios humiliating and embarrassing for the naked female. The female is often shy, looking vulnerable amongst the clothed men. Whilst it made me extremely horny to watch, it wasn't something I wanted to happen to me in reality. I hated how the men pointed at the women as if they were subservient to them, just pieces of meat to amuse them. Luke would joke that I would love it, but I was always firm with him that I would not.
It was after about three months together that Luke started to want to record me as I exposed myself. At first I didn't mind, he would only take pictures of me topless sunbathing in my garden, careful not to capture my face as was my condition of his photography of me. He loved my bouncy tits, and enjoyed me playing with them when nobody else could see. To make things easier when we went out together I often wouldn't wear a bra, he got some great video footage of me cycling topless and in the woods around where we lived.
But, as time went by he got more confident and wanted us to take bigger risks. He wanted to have people in the background, unsuspecting of my nudity and ideally men.
The first time I remember having the real fear, or thrill of being caught, was when we had met up in town. I was shopping for some summer dresses and Luke was keen to come along with me. I thought it strange he would want to spend a morning traipsing around clothes shops, but he seemed keen to help. And he was helpful, he spotted things I wouldn't normally notice, he found my right size, encouraged me to try on sexier and more revealing clothes than I would normally wear out. Luke waited outside the changing rooms, and I would come out and show him each of the outfits. He was honest with his feedback.
That was until we were in one of the larger department stores, the changing rooms were dotted all around. As usual, it was quite quiet and the changing rooms unmanned by the staff. You could just walk in with whatever you wanted to try on.
"Let me sneak inside with you." Luke asked. I looked around, nobody was about so I grabbed his hand and pulled him in. He was my boyfriend after all, I had nothing to hide.
The mention of the word 'sneak' had excited me. We both started kissing almost immediately after Luke had closed the curtain.
We had had a quick fuck that morning, but I was still horny.
"Take off your top." Luke said, whilst fiddling in his pocket for his phone. He then started to film me stripping off. We both giggled as I unhooked my bra and he started to stroke his thumb across my nipples. Luke was giving me little compliments as he prodded my breasts, pretending he was some sort of reporter. He filmed us both in the mirror's reflection as we kissed and he moved his mouth down to nuzzle and suck my nipples. "I think we should get your nipple pierced, just think how that would look, peeking through your top. The attention you would receive. It makes me so hard thinking of other men watching you. Remove your jeans too." I did as he asked.
I was wearing my most slutty looking knickers, they were a cheap nylon pair but I loved the colour, a neon blue. They were made out of a mesh fabric so were quite transparent. Luke got his phone camera close in to my crotch, as his finger pushed aside the material to show-off my strip of pussy hair. We both were quietly sniggering like teenagers and the thrill of being caught was certainly real. The changing room didn't have a door, but the velvet curtain drape covered the space without gaps.
"Pull them down for me." My stomach flipped when Luke said the words, but again I did as he asked.
There was a wet patch visible in the material as I pulled my knickers down to just above my knees. "Dirty little girl, what have you done in your knickers. Touch yourself." I'd never done this before for the camera, but was feeling really frisky. I started to masturbate for Luke and the camera. I didn't care if my face was in it, I would get him to delete it after we had watched it back and fucked.
"Look how tight her cunt looks, she really has the best vagina I have ever seen. A little bit of her labia can be seen, but she is so neat and tidy. She always smells so good. Baby give me your finger."
I stopped rubbing myself and watched as Luke breathed in the smell of my juices and licked my finger clean. He then dropped to his knees, his phone camera getting closer to my finger work.
He then pushed my hand aside and inserted his free middle finger all the way inside of me, I placed both the palms of my hands on the mirror to steady myself. Slowly at first, he then quickened his pace, finger fucking me in a steady rhythm. I lifted up my left leg, unhooked myself from my knickers and rested it at an angle on the stool.
"Niiiiccceee, we can see more of your hot cunt." Luke then positioned his phone and put his warm mouth on my clit. His licks were long and full, Luke knew exactly what he was doing down there. The audible wet mouth sounds mixed with my lubrication, made me even hornier. I moved my hand to the top of his head and started to stroke his dark curly hair, encouraging his work. I didn't want him to stop. I'd never orgasmed standing-up from oral sex, but I was getting close.
Sensing this Luke propped his phone on the floor and focused on me. With his free hand he sucked his middle finger and moved it to my arse hole, where he started to insert pressure around my opening. His mouth returned to my pussy, his tongue pushing all the way inside, giving me space for my fingers to rub my clit.
"Cum for me." Luke demanded.
I was close already and came quickly after Luke's verbal order. My orgasm made my legs buckle. Luke's head clamped between my now shaking, sweaty thighs. Luke then stood and held me tight to his chest. "That was so hot, we have to go home right now, I need to fuck you."
We snuck out of the changing room, the dresses still on their hangers, untouched.
Back at Luke's parent's house, we were disappointed to see that his parents had already returned from visiting their friends. Calling out a quick hello, Luke told them we would just drop off my shopping in his room and come down for a coffee in the garden. We rushed up to his bedroom, our sex was quick and urgent. No foreplay needed. No kissing. We didn't remove our clothes, just pulled our underwear down to fuck. Luke covered my mouth with my hand to muffle my moans. We pulled up our underwear and were about to go down to see his parents. It was then that he told me that he couldn't keep it in any longer, that he had fallen in love with me.
Later on that night, we agreed to keep the video. It would be our memento of the special day.
-3-
It was on the first night of our first holiday together that we met James. Luke had gone down to the hotel bar to order himself a cold beer whilst I finished my make-up. When I found him he had already made friends with an American guy, James, who was spending a few days in the area after a friend's wedding. Both Luke and James hit it off, turned out Luke was more of an American ice hockey fan than I had realised. Our drink with our new friend, quickly turned into more drinks and a stroll over to the local karaoke bar.
I noticed when I came back from ordering another round of drinks that Luke was showing James something on his phone. When I asked what they were both looking at, Luke said he was just telling James about the beach we had visited earlier that day and Jame's wanted to see a picture.
"Well I hope you only showed James the pictures of the beach, I doubt he wants to see boring couple pics." I playfully jabbed Luke in the ribs.
Earlier that day, we had found this gorgeous beach by walking further along the coast. Luke kept wanting to walk further away from the sun worshipping crowds. I should have known he was keen to get some photos of me sunbathing topless. He made sure my skin was glistening with the sun lotion before getting all paparazzi on me! My new bikini bottoms cut high up on my ass cheeks much to Luke's delight as he spanked his hand on my oily butt. Taking lots of pictures for his 'private collection'.
I wasn't so worried about Jame's seeing the bikini shots, but I wasn't keep on the topless ones.
More cheap drinks and we were hitting the dance floor. James was an amazing dancer, he flung me around and made the whole night really fun. When we said goodnight we agreed to meet at the tapas restaurant, the one overlooking the harbour for a late lunch. That's how I found myself still hungover, applying more eyeliner than usual, trying to make myself look presentable.
"Your titties look incredible in that dress, I like that you aren't wearing a bra." Luke's hand slipped in for a fondle.
"You old pervert. You know I bought it for the really hot weather, when I don't want too much fabric touching my skin."
"Ummm it's the naked dress, I love the naked dress." Luke started to kiss my neck.
"No time for that, you said we would meet James by now. Come on, let's go. I'm starving, we hardly ate anything last night."
"Oooo don't want to be late for James." Luke teased, "You fancy him don't you...I watched you both flirting last night. I don't mind, it turns me on actually."
"Don't be ridiculous Luke. He's cute, but not my type. You know I'm not into blonde guys, especially ones who are so obsessed with the gym."
The truth was I did find Jame's deeply sexy, I had thought about him as I got showered that morning. The thought of how he had held me close to his cock when we danced made me wet. I didn't have time to touch myself whilst thinking about him, but I knew I probably would later. I didn't feel bad, I was sure Luke thought about other women too, it was natural.
***
After the waiter had left us alone, James and Luke rewatched the footage of my exposure. "Look how red Rosey's cheeks are, she is so cute when she tries to hide her arousal."
"Please put that away, can we forget that ever happened."
The guys did as I asked. James then made a suggestion, "What would you two say to heading down to the beach together to hang out? If you carry on a bit further, there is even a nudist beach around the cove if you are up for it?"
"I am if you are Rosey?" Luke raised his eyebrows to me. Challenging me once again.
My head said no, but the heat I felt throbbing in my pussy thought otherwise.
I wanted to challenge Luke back for a change.
"Why not, but only if you two both keep your swimming shorts on for a bit. I want to get one shot of me naked next to two clothed men...what do you say?"