If you don't like reading about unfaithful Hot-wives stop reading now.
If you do like that sort of thing, then I hope you enjoy.
Slut: The Pick Up. Part 1.
James and I were standing in the kitchen after clearing away our dinner dishes. I bent over seductively to close the dishwasher door, knowing that James would be looking at my firm curvy ass, stretching the material of my tight black mini skirt. I arched my back deliberately, emphasising my narrow waist and showing off my large firm breasts. I was braless due to the fact that the shiny black turtle neck top was almost a second skin. My nipples were prominently erect due to the thoughts swirling around in my fertile mind. I straightened up, my huge breasts thrusting forward, showing my erect nipples through the skin tight gossamer top.
James' face was flushed with sexual excitement as he looked at my built for sex body with sheer lust. He moved his hand toward my left breast as I playfully slapped his hand away.
"No touching for you mister!" I smiled, shocking James "I have other plans this evening for these bad boys!"
James forehead creased as he looked at me puzzled.
"I'm going upstairs for a shower then to change into some of my fuck me lingerie and a naughty slut outfit as I will be going out to pick up a guy and bring him back here to fuck me!" I grinned tormenting my husband.
"I'll let him do whatever he wants, and if you behave, I may let you watch him fuck me!" I sniggered, enjoying my husbands torment.
"But you wont be allowed to touch me or yourself!" I ordered, watching James squirm uncomfortably "My body will be his to do with as he wishes and you will only be a spectator, if you behave!"
James was nervously shaking, due to his obvious arousal and the humiliating discomfort I was inflicting upon him.
Regular readers will know that James and I have a very open and varied sex life, where James is quite the voyeur, which feeds my exhibitionist nature, but he is still very much the macho man and does not succumb to the archetypal cuckold subservient husband. To be truthful, I don't really want my James like that, but I do enjoy my little taunting and humiliation moments and I know from his reaction they are a tremendous source of arousal to him.
"You clear everything away here babe, I'm off upstairs to prepare myself and get ready for some new cock!"
I turned on my five inch heels and left the kitchen. James was standing next to the dishwasher, his arms by his side, like a scolded schoolboy. If I wasn't so horny in my chosen slut role, I'd have gone back and hugged him, he looked so endearing.
I walked up the staircase toward the bathroom, hearing James cluttering about the kitchen, cleaning and tidying as I instructed. I felt quite smug removing my clothes and turning the shower on, knowing my husband was obeying my instructions. As trivial as this was, it was arousing me.
I stepped in to the shower, the water running over my firm curvy body, shining my skin magnificently. I gently ran my palm over my shaved mound, inspecting if the area was in need of a shave. Tiny little fragments of stubble were beginning to assemble, so I took the razor and glided it over my mound, ensuring every piece of stubble was removed, leaving a clean, smooth almost glass like finish to my intimate area.
Once I was satisfied that my body was cleansed and ready for a new hard cock, I climbed out of the shower and towelled my body gently, absorbing every drop of water from ever increasing aroused body. I walked into my bedroom and quickly but expertly applied my slut make up. Smoky eyeshadow, thick mascara, ruby red lipstick with a shiny coating of lip gloss to emphasise my sluttiness.
Opening my lingerie drawer, I pulled out a very small, tight, soft PVC garter belt in shiny jet black. I placed the garter belt around my waist and fastened the hook and eye catch at the back. Next I took out a pair of seamed black fishnet stockings, drawing them up my legs and attached the slut items of clothing to the garter straps of the belt. The garter straps were digging in to the flesh of my firm curved ass, something that would surely bring me a colossal amount of male attention on the dance floor. I decided to go bra less and pantie free for the evening, which should expedite my cock hunt this evening. I decided to wear a very tight soft leather mini skirt with a skin-tight shiny black top, that hugs my breasts covering them like a second skin and showing them off to perfection. With the skirt and top in place I slid my stockinged fat inside a sensationally high pair of spiked heel shoes. They were black patent leather with pointy toes and a very sexy ankle strap, which conveniently tied with small silver bondage padlocks. I tousled my short blonde hair, giving it the just fucked look and looked at my full reflection in the mirror.
I was most definitely pleased with my slut look, now I needed a unit of measurement to see just how sexy and slutty my look was.
I walked downstairs into my Kitchen to find James sitting at the table. As I walked into the kitchen, my spiked heels clicking on the tiled floor, James stood up, his face flushed with his mouth open and said.
"Fucking Wow!"
Mission accomplished I thought.
"Babe you look fucking awesome!" James said, his eyes transfixed, drinking in every detail of my slut covered body.
Pleased with his reaction, I smiled and said.
"This is going to be great to dance in and rub up against some random cock, before I bring him home to disrobe me then fuck every hole he wants too!" I teased and tormented 'And as I said if you behave I may just let you watch him do me!" James nodded his head obediently as I enthralled in my sexual power.
"If you don't get to watch, you'll definitely be able to hear me as I'm so fucking horny and desperate for a new big cock to play with!" I said looking at James stunned reaction.
"Call me in advance to let me know if I can watch!" James stammered nervously.
"I'll call you, but you won't be touching me or taking part!" I said sternly "You wont be touching yourself either! I may let you play with me when my new stud is satisfied and finished with me!"
James once again nodded subserviently.
"Come on, you can give me a lift to my pick up joint, you can watch from a distance if you like and then you can give me and my date a lift back here while he does things to me that are out of bounds to you!" I smiled picking up my handbag and heading for the front door.
James scooped up his car keys and bolted for the door.
Our net door neighbour was getting out of his car, watching my shiny black slut body climb into the car.
"Hi Suzi, looking as beautiful as ever!" he smiled.
Enjoying his compliment, I smiled.
"Thanks Arthur, I'm just off for a night of fun!" I said, punctuating the innuendo of phrase.
James climbed in the car, looked at my body and outfit and smiled leerily.
"Some lucky fucker is going to have the time of his life tonight!" he winked and started the engine.
"Just to let you know, that I think I'll be fucking Arthur in the not too distant future!" I smiled, stroking James thigh.
"Is that not too close to home?" James enquired.
"Not at all! He saw me dance in the strip club and I gave him a free lap dance, rubbing my shaved pussy along the length of his trouser covered cock, and I have to say it did feel impressive!"
James shook his head in disbelief.
"But he's our next door neighbour!" James protested.
"I know, and when I sat on his lap with my back to him and he squeezed my tits, playing with my nipples, he was still our next door neighbour!" I teased "And when I let him finger my shaved pussy he was still our next door neighbour!"
"Doesn't matter what I say does it! If you want to fuck him then you will fuck him!" James grinned.
"I'll fuck him while you're at work and video our neighbourly fuck for you to watch when you get home!" I smiled squeezing his thigh "So that's something for me to work on over the next few days!" I smiled turning my head toward the passenger window.
"How the fuck am I going to look our neighbour in the eye, knowing he's been doing my wife?" James sighed, seemingly accepting his fate.
"You could always look him in the eye as he's about to come inside my ass!" I tormented "Or you could look him in the eye as you both come inside me!"
"For fucks sake!" James muttered under his breath.
I looked out of the passenger window with a huge grin pasted on my face. Pleased with my level of tease and torment. James drove in silence, contemplating the notion that I would fuck our next door neighbour, possibly in our marital bed, so I decided to up the level a few notches.
"He does look like he'd be a good fuck. I'll let him take a few souvenir photographs of me showing him my tits and pussy, his cock in my mouth, his cock in my shaved pussy, fucking my ass and spunking on my face and in my mouth!" I concluded.
"It's bad enough that you're going to fuck some stranger whilst you wear your naughtiest lingerie, telling me I can't touch you or myself!" James stated "But now you tell me everything you're going to let our next door neighbour do to you!"
"If you keep fucking moaning, you'll only be able to hear me getting fucked!" I threatened "Lighten up or tonight I may go back to his place and spend the weekend being his fuck slut!"
James looked straight ahead and drove the remainder of the journey in total silence.
I inwardly giggled that I had pressed his buttons just enough.
As his car pulled up outside my favourite pick up joint, I stepped out of the car, leaning back inside to tell James.
"I'm going in to get picked up. Feel free to watch and when I'm ready I'll signal you to take me and my new fuck back to ours, and as I have already said, behave and you can watch!"
James nodded his head obediently and drove off to park the car.
I walked toward the door of the pick up joint, smiling at the usual doormen. They all were staring at me as I walked seductively toward them. One of them, who I've been teasing for quite some time now, looked lustfully in my direction and in the not too distant future, I will find myself impaled on his cock, but not tonight.
"Hello sexy! Looking as desirable as ever!" he smiled holding his huge muscular arms out to greet me. Stepping in to his bear like hug, he wrapped his huge strong arms around me and held me tight. His hands as per usual, landed on my butt, as he squeezed my firm buttocks, noticing the tight garter straps holding up my fishnet stockings. A huge grin appeared on his face as he winked at me cheekily, giving my ass one last squeeze. I looked up at his masculine face and stroked his shaved head. Giving him a gentle peck on the cheek, I whispered into his ear.
"Slip me your number on the way out tonight. I think it's high time you and I got better acquainted!"
I kissed his ear, my hands on his huge strong chest, feeling his larger than life muscles. My pussy twinged as my hands felt the strong masculine frame.
Breaking free from him, he opened the door and escorted me inside.
"No charge!" he said to the girl on reception and ushered me into the main bar. He placed his hand in his pocket and pulled out a business card with his name and number in a large black font. I slipped the card inside my handbag and smiled. I have been acting like a total slut all day and I was keeping the momentum active.
"Pick a night or day next week!" I grinned "I've got to know what it feels like with your cock inside me!" I giggled and made my way to the bar. I made my way to my usual place at the far end of the bar, nearest to the wall, where I've enjoyed many intimate private moments.
I climbed on to the barstool, knowing the top of my fishnet stocking would be on view as I sensually crossed my legs. The barman came over smiling.
"Hi Suzi. What would you like this evening?" he smiled.
"Give the lady anything she wants!" A voice said from behind me. I turned slowly to see who I would be needing to thank for my drink, when my eyes lit up.
Standing behind me was the perfect man. He stood about six foot four, broad shouldered, wearing a crisp white shirt, with jeans that must have been sprayed on. My eyes glanced at his crotch, delighted to find that the region was well and truly packed. His eyes were a piercing blue, his teeth dazzling white, made even more so with his deep Mediterranean tan. His dark hair was cut very short in an almost military style, which only added to my lust for him.
"Thank you kind sir!" I smiled encouragingly "I'll have a Prosecco please!"
"One bottle of Prosecco please and two glasses!" He smiled, handing over a gold credit card to the barman.
"Hi I'm Joe!" He smiled extending his hand.
I placed my long taloned fingers into his hand and shook his strong hand sensually.
"Hi Joe, I'm Suzi!" I smiled, thrusting my huge breasts forward.
He held my hand and looked deep into my eyes, smouldering, his sexuality and animal passion taking a hold of me instantly.
"Suzi I have to say that I've noticed the wedding ring. I'm hoping your husband isn't coming along!" He smiled confidently.
"He wont be along!" I giggled flirtatiously "My husband and I have an understanding!" I continued intriguing his curiosity.
"An understanding?" He queried, a puzzled look on his sensationally handsome face.
"Yes! An understanding!" I smiled "He lets me fuck who I want as long as he can watch me being fucked!" I said stroking Joe's muscular forearm.
Joe smiled a devilish smile, looking me up and down as though I was a prize animal he was hoping to purchase.
"The question is do you have any objections to being watched while you fuck a slut in any hole of your choice?" I smiled, pushing my huge firm breasts into his broad chest.
Joe smiled the most confident smile, actually bordering on arrogant, which made me want his cock inside me even more.
"To be truthful Suzi that has always been one of my major fantasies!" He smirked "Fucking some guys wife like a whore as he watched her give herself to me!" He said this with such arrogance and confidence, a totally alpha male.
He spoke so confidently, so manly that I could feel my pussy tingling with excitement.
"It is rather exciting wrapping my stockinged legs around some guy, his cock deep inside me as I tell him his cock is bigger and harder than my husbands, as my husband looks over forlornly, watching his wife become a slut for a random guy!" I giggled, stroking his strong arms with the tips of my long nails.
"Is this your way of inviting me back to yours?" he smirked arrogantly "How can I be sure you'd be able to take my cock?"
My eyebrows raised at his question.
"How big is your cock?" I smiled, guiding my hand toward his crotch.
"It's eleven inches and its all yours if you can take it!" he smiled as my hand gently stroked the front of his jeans. I could feel his cock growing harder as my fingers traced the outline. He was telling the truth. His cock was absolutely massive! My eyebrows raised as a smile flashed across my face. My stomach flipped with sexual butterflies, my pussy tingling uncontrollably as I moved my lips to his, gliding my soft lips against his.
"I've got to feel this cock inside me!" I panted "let's go back to mine. My husband will give us a lift and you and I can get to know each other better in the back seat on the journey!"
"I thought you'd never ask!" he replied with enough arrogance to make me want him "Your husband will give us a lift? Is he here?"
"He's at the other end of the bar watching me stroke your huge cock!" I said, nodding in my husbands direction "Let's finish the bottle of prosecco and we can feel each other up sending him wild with jealousy and lust!"
Joe pulled me closer to him, lifting my head up toward his, as he tongue kissed my lips gently. His right hand began to knead my left breast skilfully, squeezing the firm flesh, making my erect nipple even more prominent. I moaned into his mouth as he took his left hand and began to squeeze my ass. His hand felt the garter straps digging into my flesh as he groaned approvingly into my mouth. I sneaked a look over at James. His eyes were wide open with shock and lust, enjoying the sight of his wife being manhandled by a sexual brute in a pick up joint.
Breaking off from our kiss, Joe smiled and said.
"I hope you're shaved as there is not a hair on my body!" he winked suggestively.
I don't recall ever fucking a man who had removed all of his body hair, and with the fact he has an eleven inch cock, my sexual curiosity was rampant. When James sees the size of Joe's cock as it slides in and out of me, plus the movement I will need to perform to accommodate this huge weapon, not forgetting the moaning it will be inflicting upon me, then the whole scenario will surely intimidate him.
"I'm so hairless, I'm glass smooth!" I smiled "I've never fucked a totally hair free man before. It sounds very kinky!"
"That's not kinky, but fucking some guy while your husband looks on, now that is kinky! It would be a touch kinkier if you are still wearing those stockings and high heels whilst being fucked" Joe smiled.
"That's the sole reason I wore them, to get fucked in them!" I giggled.
"I bet you abuse the fuck out of your husband when a guy is banging you!"
I looked into his eye with a wicked grin across my face.
"I've had my moments!" I said, breaking into a giggle "I like to tease by telling him how much bigger the cock feels and how much it is making me come and that it's much better than his lame attempts to please me!"
"If you can get all of my cock inside you then your taunting words tonight will be true!" He smiled confidently.
"When he sees the size of your cock he will lose his load!" I said genuinely as that will be the reaction of James when he sees my small hand holding this massive manhood.
"Would you like to try and fuck my ass later?" I smiled, emphasising how much of a slut I was willing to be for him.
"I've never had a woman who could take it!" He grinned smugly.
"I'm sure we'll get some of it inside my ass!" I smiled patting the huge bulge in his skintight jeans.
My stomach turned with sexual excitement at the thought of this huge cock attached to this perfect specimen of manhood, will be sliding inside me, providing me with lavish orgasms and copious amount of hot spunk. He handed me a glass of sparkling Prosecco. I sipped the fizzy wine, never breaking eye contact with Joe, as I tilted the glass, pouring the drink down my throat.
Joe signed the credit card slip, then placed the card and receipt into his back pocket.
Gulping his prosecco down in one, he took the bottle and refilled our glasses.
"Should we invite your husband over for a glass before we leave?" He smiled.
I nodded over to James to join us. James climbed off his bar stool and scurried over to where we were.
"Would you like a glass of Prosecco?" I asked invitingly.
"I can't as I'm driving!" He said in a downhearted tone.
"James this is Joe!" I said as both guys shook hands "Joe will be coming back with us and he'll be fucking my shaved pussy raw!"
James stared at me open mouthed and nodded subserviently.
"And I thought you'd like to know that he is the proud owner of an eleven inch cock!" I giggled gleefully.
James looked at me, horror stricken. He was thinking that after I'd experienced an eleven inch cock that his seven inches would never satisfy me again. He may be right about that, but I was still going to spend the evening with those eleven inches stretching any hole of its choice.