The following story takes place in the 1980's. Before all public spaces had cctv cameras and everyone had a cell phone with a camera. A time when people could explore their exhibitionist side without worrying about leaving a legacy of pictures on the internet. All persons exhibiting and viewing nudity are 18+
It would help if you read previous chapters before reading this one to understand the story line.
* * *
The Faker. Chapter 3.
Eyes still closed, Kathy kept leaning back onto her boyfriend Mark's body on the love seat. Sitting naked in his lap, in a room full of strangers, legs slightly parted and feeling her boyfriends growing erection was almost more than she could take. Never in her wildest dreams did Kathy think she could ever do this. It was exhilarating. It was unbelievable. It was satisfying. It was... powerful.
Mark leaned into her and whispered "Keep your eyes closed and play along" she quietly grunted more than said "Mmm hmm" as a response.
"OK Kathy, I want you to keep your eyes closed for a while and not hear anything anyone says until I talk directly to you again OK?" Mark said.
"OK" she replied and kept her eyes closed, body tight against Mark's.
"Ok everyone, she's out for a bit, we can talk." he said to his friends.
"Holy Shit Mark!" both Kenny and John said almost simultaneously.
Mary was a bit slower to reply, choosing her words carefully. "Yeah, this is... awesome. I can't believe she's actually naked and doesn't realize it. She's really hot."
"OK," Mark said, "I have an idea. But you all have to co-operate. I'm gonna tell her you're all gone and let her know she's naked with just me... but tell her to imaging you are all still here watching her naked. That means you can talk to her and comment on her etc but there's one more thing..."
"What?" asked Mary.
"Since she's the one 'pretending' you're all here... she would also be able to control you, tell you what to do, you know what I mean. If it's her pretending she's in control right? So before I do this are you all game to play along? Who knows what she will want. It might get a little... embarrassing for you? Are you all game?"
Kenny and John almost immediately both responded with a big yes, a big grin and a big tent in their pants. Mary was a little slower, thinking about what this meant.
"So I have to do anything she says?" she asked.
"No, how about we have a safe word. Anyone says 'Chocolate Cake' and I'll put her back to sleep. How does that sound? That way you only have to do what you actually are OK with doing.
"OK" all three agreed and nodded their head, and Kenny made them all chuckle with a little 'Woo Hoo!'.
"OK Kathy, keep your eyes closed and listen carefully to me. All our company has left. It's just you and me home now. You're naked and sitting with me on the love seat here but when you open your eyes you're going to imagine that Mary, Kenny and John are all still here with us. Watching us. Seeing you naked. After you open your eyes it's your choice what to do next. Everything you want to happen will happen, we will all be able to see what you imagine and you will feel everything just as if it's real. OK, open your eyes".
Everyone held their breath a little as Kathy opened her eyes and looked around the room, locking eyes with each of their guests then slowly looked down at her naked body. Making it seem like a shy unconscious movement she moved one hand down to cover her pussy and one hand up to cover her small tits.
John spoke up "Kathy, don't cover up, you're beautiful!"
Kathy giggles a little and moved her hands.
"What do you want to do now?"
Without a word Kathy stood up, turned around and faced Mark. She leaned forward, bending at the waist to give everyone a good view of her ass and pussy from behind, and pulled on Mark's jeans. "Take these off" she ordered. Without hesitation he pulled his jeans and underwear off, proudly sporting the hardest erection he could remember.
Kathy pulled him by his legs making him slouch forward so far that half his ass was almost off the front of the cushion then turned around, put her legs outside his, sat back in his lap and leaned back onto his chest. Mark's hard-on was now blocking the view of her pussy as she rocked herself up and down, pushing her pussy hard into her boyfriends dick but not going high enough to let him enter her.
"Yeah Kathy, fuck him!" John said. "Yeah" was all Kenny could muster up as a response. Mary just sat and watched quietly all the while locking eyes with Kathy.
"Mmmm yeah that feels fucking amazing" Mark said, "Let me in..."
"Not yet" Kathy replied as she slid her hand down and slid two fingers down her slit -- one side putting pressure on herself, the other sliding along the length of Mark's erection. "Would you be mad if I enlisted some help from our guests to help get me off?"
"No"
Kenny and John looked at each other like their ship had finally come in! She was actually going to get them involved!
Kathy got up, walked straight over to John and leaned in to kiss him. With one hand she took John's hand and moved it up to her breast and made him squeeze, with the other she gave his hard-on a squeeze through his pants.
After a few seconds she broke the kiss and stood up. "Nice" was all she said as she turned and walked over to Kenny. She repeated the procedure only Kenny's hand was guided to her smooth freshly shaved pussy. Kenny quickly found her clit and was starting to play with it when she broke the kiss and said "Oooooh, very nice!". Kenny though he had won the challenge when Kathy suddenly stood up and turned to Mary.
"I always wanted to kiss a girl..."
All three guys started to hoot and holler, encouraging her, but Mary just breathed a little harder than normal and never broke eye contact with Kathy.
Kathy walked over to Mary, reached out and took her hand and pulled her to her feet. Slowly, Kathy leaned in for a kiss. Timid and gentle at first but then passionate and hard. Mary was responding and Kathy loved it. She was the only one naked but she felt like she could make them do anything right now.
Kathy dropped her hands from Mary's back to her waist and slowly undid the zipper holding her skirt up. Feeling no resistance, she undid it all the way and moved her hands back up. It was now only the pressure of her body against Mary's keeping her skirt up. She slowly backed away, letting the skirt fall to Mary's feet and to her surprise Mary stepped out of it and kicked it away.
Leaving her standing in the middle of the room in her underwear and shirt, Mary returned to her 'seat' on Mark's lap. Pussy once again pushing on his hard-on, almost like she'd slide right off him if it wasn't there.
"Do you think she's sexy?" Kathy asked Mark. "Because I do."
She motioned for Mary to come closer. Once close enough she put a hand behind Mary's neck and pulled her in for a kiss. She took her right hand and moved it onto her chest, where Mary start feeling and squeezing her nipples as they kissed. Slowly, Kathy took Mary's left hand slid it down towards her pussy. Feeling no resistance she continued until, without further effort on Kathy's part, Mary was moving her hand on her own.
Kathy knew Mary would let her do anything as soon as Mary slid two fingers down between her pussy and Mark's erection and started to play with her clit. She broke the kiss and looked at Mary, saying "Stand up" and she did.
"Take your shirt off for me"
Mary never looked around the room, and lost in the moment she pulled her shirt off, ignoring all the guys stares. Kathy's hand wandered down and started playing again, as did Kenny and John's hands on their erections.
"Now the rest, I want to see your body" whispered Kathy.
Standing tall and proud and without even the slightest hesitation Mary reached around back and slowly took off her bra and dropped it. In one quick motion she then bent at the waist, pushed her panties down to the floor and stepped out of them all the while never losing eye contact with Kathy.
Kenny and John could not believe their eyes! Never in their wildest dreams could they have imagined this.
Kathy now felt more empowered than ever and was going to have some fun, and let her boyfriend have some too. She stood up and went to Mary, put her arm around her and locked her in a passionate kiss. Her hand grabbing and spreading her ass cheeks so everyone could get a good look. Mary's athletic figure was amazing and her breathing was hard and shallow.
Pointing at Mark she said "You -- UP!" and once he had vacated the seat she promptly took it, and slouched down so her pussy was at the front edge of the cushion. Feeling completely in control she looked at Kenny and John and said "You two, up and over here and take your pants off!".
Without hesitation they both obeyed and once near enough the Kathy she motioned for one to stand on each side of her. She then leaned forward, took Mary's hand and guided down onto her knees in front of her seat. Leaning back, she reached out and took Kenny's throbbing hard-on in one hand, John's in the other and leaned back into the cushions. Without a word she looked at Mary and then down at her pussy and without hesitation Mary leaned in and started to kiss her gently.
Moaning slightly she pressed upwards with her hips, pushing into Mary's waiting tongue as she slowly started stroking the 2 dicks in her hands. Once Mary had fully committed to her task, Kathy looked at her boyfriend standing in the room stroking himself and motioned with her head at Mary's ass, sticking high up in the air.
Not need any more permission than that from his girlfriend, Mark moved forward to test the waters, to see if Mary would let him. He put a hand on her ass and she pushed back into it and slightly spread her legs. The next second Mark was thrusting hard into her pussy, one hand holding her by the hips, one pushing on her ass, forcing her face into Kathy's pussy harder and harder with every stroke.
Looking up at Kenny and John, Kathy said "Whoever cums last gets to fuck me", and started stroking harder and faster, reaching up and cupping their balls every few strokes. John quickly removed his hand from her breast and opened his eyes, determined not to be the one to cum first but to no avail. The more the tried to hold off the quicker he was reaching climax. With a loud "Oh GOD!" he let it go. Kathy kept on pumping and he quick coated her chest with all he had. Knowing he had won, Kenny couldn't hold out any longer and let go just a few seconds after John, adding a second layer of cum on Kathy's tits.
"Looks like you win!" Kathy said as she pushed Mary's head up and told her "Finish Mark with your mouth, he likes that" and motioned for Kenny to move in front of her. Never having lost his hard-on, Kenny was penetrating Kathy almost immediately, pumping as fast as he could.
Mark had laid down on the floor and Mary was dutifully giving Mark a blow-job as she had been told to do. She looked over and saw John standing there, dick still hard, watching Kenny fuck Kathy. With more than a grunt than words she motioned him over and John came up behind her and in one push had fully entered her.
For a time, there were three very satisfied men in the throes of sex, but then in what seemed to be a synchronized moment, all three guys came within seconds of each other.
Kathy, seeing a disappointed look on Mary's face asked "What's wrong?" "I didn't get to cum" came the response. "We can't have that!" Kathy said, and motioned her over. She turned her around and pulled her down to make her sit on her lap and pulled her back to lay on top of her cum covered tits. Ignoring the sticky warm feeling Mary turned her head into Kathy's for a kiss and Kathy used her fingers to find and massage her clit. As she approached climax, Mary began bucking her hips and pressing her lips hard into Kathy's. She didn't even notice the three men standing around her, dicks in hand stroking fiercely until Mark moved close and grabbed a breast with his free hand.
Mary was a loud climaxer and didn't hold back. When she came she let out loud groans and squeezed her fingers into Kathy's head, pulling her close and tight. That was all the guys needed and for the second time in a night an almost synchronized display of ejaculation occurred -- this time all over Mary's chest, stomach and face.
Panting and sweating Mary slowly got up. Covered in cum front and back and said "I'm gonna shower off, who wants to join me?" Kenny and John quickly volunteered and followed her to the guest bath.
"Holy FUCK! What the hell was that?" Mark asked?
"I don't know, but it was fun! I cant believe we did that and THEY did that!!!!!"
"Jesus, OK, lets go upstairs and shower off"
* * *
Coming downstairs after his shower, Mark saw his three guests in the living room, fully dressed with wet hair, all looking sheepishly at other.
"Mark, we never meant to... we're sorry... that got way out of hand." Mary blurted out.
"For what? That was fun! It was all Kathy's fantasy so no worries! She won't remember it's real so just don't tell her. I told her we had sex while she imagined the rest. Since she thought you guys all left hours ago she went to bed already."
Seeing the relieved look on everyone's faces he smiled and said it was time to pack it in. Kenny and John were up and out the front door in seconds, high fiving as they walked away.
Just as Mary was getting up from the couch to leave, Kathy walked down the stairs and into the living room. Still completely naked after her shower, she walked right up to Mary, gave her a big hug and kiss and said "That was fun -- we HAVE to do that again!".
With a wink and a big smile she let Mary go, turned around, and went back upstairs leaving an open mouthed, wide eyed Mary staring after her.