The day was finally over, and the warm summer wind felt free after a long work day. It wasn't a terrible shift, but after 10 hours of the daily grind, it was time to unwind on the slow commute home. Singing along to 90's punk rock had become a ritual in traffic, pushing away the workplace thoughts and replacing them with memories of simpler times.
"Oh, come on!" I said aloud as Wonderwall was interrupted by the jolting ring of my cell. The momentary frustration was replaced by a smile as I saw my wife Katie's name on the caller ID.
"Are you on your way home yet, Alex?" she asked, a leading question if I ever heard one. More often than not, this meant I needed to stop for something on the way home, and I winced slightly, looking at the deadlock of cars I had found myself in.
"I am, but it's going slow; what's up?" I cautiously replied. Katie explained that she hoped I could pick up wine and coolers since two of her friends had messaged during the day, and an impromptu Tuesday night gathering was planned for us.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy a summer patio drink with friends. After work, feeling worn out and in need of a shower, hosting a gathering was the last thing on my mind. Of course, hosting is what we did. As 30-somethings in a major city that owned a house, we were the exception in our friend group, and the backyard patio and hot tub made our place the go-to for get-togethers. It was a blessing and a curse. One day I'd love to just show up at someone else's place with little notice and see how they enjoy the process...but I digress. The plan was laid, and I had places to be. With a grumbled 'okay' and goodbye, I began mapping out the route in my head to get liquor and snacks in the shortest amount of time possible. I had a party to attend, and little did I know at the time that it would be memorable!
While pulling into the driveway, I recognized Stacy's car parked on the side street; so much for getting prepped before people arrived! Walking in the door, I could hear the howling of laughter from the kitchen as Katie and Stacy caught up. This was to be expected, as prior colleagues and now best friends, the two of them were often the life of the party. Singalongs, drunken dares, and barrels of laughs followed them wherever they went. Unfortunately, after Stacy moved a few towns over, the visits have been few and far between, making it hard to make up for the lost time. I hope I bought enough alcohol...
Stacy's hug and big smile caught me off guard as I tried to balance the double-stacked tray of coolers and return the happy greeting. A few friendly exchanges later, I unloaded my haul and skipped upstairs for a shower and change of clothes. Fifteen minutes later, I emerged from the shower feeling refreshed and ready to go, beckoned by the now-louder sounds of laughter mixed with music rolling upstairs. I realized I had better join soon to prepare food before the waterfall of drinks hit the girl's empty stomachs. Towelling off, I paused quickly, catching a glance of myself in the mirror. I certainly didn't have the body I did as a teenager, swimming laps for fun, but I admired my six-foot frame, beard, and broad shoulders in the reflection. I wouldn't say I was rocking a six-pack, but there was strength and power below the 'just beyond flat' stomach. My muscular arms and chest made up for the missing washboard abs, a quality that Katie loved to comment on while I held her tight.
Dressed in my favourite short-sleeve button-up shirt and a pair of board shorts, I headed down the stairs just in time to answer a light knock at the door. Katie and Stacy would never have heard the timid knock to save their lives, but that told me instantly who would be behind it before I reached for the handle. Kennedy wasn't like the other two; she was mild-mannered and, at times, hard to read, preferring to listen intently but rarely joining a conversation. It was part of her cute and mysterious charm and likely why she had been single for years. It's hard to meet someone when you hardly leave your shell. Tossing the door open, I grabbed a quick hug from Kennedy before taking an armful of wine bottles from her; perhaps we might have enough for tonight after all. There was no point in telling her where the girls were, as she knew as well as I did to follow the sound of fun.
Drinks flowed while I prepared some food, nothing heavy, just a salad and a few appetizers to keep the mood light. Cooking was my happy place, and I loved this side of hosting. The girls caught up quickly as if no time had passed at all. Stacy's new job was going well, but her love life had recently fallen apart after a split between her and her girlfriend. After riding the roller coaster of emotions for two years, they finally had enough. Still, her big brown eyes welled with tears upon updating the girls with the recent news of her ex dating others already. Stacy was a proud lesbian with a bisexual past she rarely mentioned. This breakup shook her, as it seemed to be her most intense and lasting time with a woman since leaving the realm of heterosexual relationships.
Katie and Kennedy comforted Stacy with hugs and mutual tears, explaining that "you didn't need her anyways!". Kennedy's hugs were noticeably brief to me, with an obvious sign of pain on her face. I'm not surprised; it's hard to comfort someone after a breakup while being jealous of their ability to jump right back into the game. She never came out and said it but the longing for any kind of relationship, however short or long, was evident in Kennedy's eyes. The moment passed quickly when the slow acoustic version of 'Get Low' came on; time for an off-key wine-fueled singalong!
Plates were cleared, drinks were consumed, and songs were sung. When darkness took hold out the window, it was Stacy who first asked, "So, is it hot tub time yet?". Standing up and pulling out her hair tie signalled that she had answered her own question, with a pouty look towards me, beckoning to get the tub open and ready for us all.
"I suppose it is; I'll get it going while you all get changed," I replied, returning her look with a wink and my tongue sticking out.
Outside I flipped the lid off the tub and enjoyed the warm fog that rolled off the top against the cool night breeze. Flipping on the lights brought a rotating glow of colour that helped light up the gazebo enough for me to find and pull the curtains shut. We had just installed them the week before for 360-degree privacy, so our neighbours couldn't see our shenanigans. That's right, this tub had seen some things. From a skinny dipping group of 10 to calm, topless wine nights, it was no stranger to bare skin. In fact, just two months ago, the same four of us sat in this spot and star-gazed before we built the gazebo realizing we might want some privacy. Still, the teasing and truth/dare games resulted in many bare breasts, regardless.
I was just getting the Bluetooth volume level to the sweet spot when I heard the patio door slide open. Stacy was the first to arrive, wrapped up in a towel while she checked out the new outdoor setup. "I love this," she exclaimed, "it feels like a little private spa retreat; I won't want to get out!".
"Doesn't it look great? Alex did a great job getting it together," chimed in Katie as she appeared from the walkway, adding, "we can get up to all kinds of trouble out here now."
Last but not least, Kennedy brought up the rear, saying nothing but peering around with a sly smile on her face. I made sure my playlist was set while the girls hung up their towels and climbed the spa steps, giving me a fantastic rear view on the way by. Katie went first, my wife and love, with her beautiful ass and hips, the kind you can grab a firm hold of and enjoy. Her taller frame rose above the edge of the tub, and her long brunette hair shimmered from the bubbling glow of the tub. Pausing, she remembered that her hair was still down and quickly stole a tie from Stacy's wrist to make a ponytail. That movement exposed the front of Katie's new crosshatched suit, giving incredible cleavage to her c-cup tits. I got stuck on that sight; damn, she was hot.
"Dirtbag, that was my elastic!" stirred me from my daydream as Stacy hollered back at Katie, slapping her ass in jest. It was quite the smack, causing Stacy's breast to sway heavily just a foot in front of me. Slightly larger than the other girls but in a cute perky-chubby way, Stacy had DD tits that were easily the biggest of the group. She was not shy with them in a very body-positive way. She admired and complemented everyone around her for their assets, believing we should all be proud of what we have, both male and female.
I glanced up to catch a wink from Stacy as she turned towards the house, "Once Alex is done with the, ahem, 'music,' he can help me find one of your hair ties Katie."
"Good, I'm warm and comfy in here now; he knows where they are!" but Stacy was long gone. That left Kennedy standing still, wrapped in a towel, looking around like something imaginary was fluttering inside the roof.
"Don't be a stranger; hop in! I'll go help Stace", I said, motioning towards the tub but turning away before seeing if it had any effect. Not my circus, not my monkeys.
I found Stacy in the kitchen, happily sipping away at a new cooler she had opened. "What colour?" I asked.
"It's purple, tastes like grape."
"No dummy, what colour hair tie?" I rebuffed with a laugh, and she finally caught on.
"Whatever one holds this mop up best when my head bounces on those tits," she replied with a deadpan face. Ten seconds later, the staring contest was over, and we both burst out laughing.
"You're a great poker player, but which ones are you bouncing on?"
"Either of them," and another wink in reply. Forever the flirt, Stacy was the lesbian friend you could count on to make out with your wife or girlfriend when the situation arose or to encourage top removal when the time came. She enjoyed the sights as much as I did, making for a great wing woman!
Returning to the kitchen with a towel, thick black hair-tie in hand, and nothing but my suit on, I found the sliding door slightly open and nobody inside. My towel was hung up as I entered the gazebo, tossing the hair tie to a still-dry Stacy with a quick "heads up!". The unexpected toss caused her to shift in the seemingly untied top that barely clung to her, popping leftie loose and eliciting a cheer from Katie. "Lose it, lose it!" Katie chanted, with Kennedy blushing but smirking in the corner. "Yeah, yeah, I was working on it until Alex scared the crap out of me," said Stacy as she lifted off the rest of her top. The night was starting early, it seemed!
"Hey, I'm up here," said Stacy bluntly with a smile and laugh. Caught again, dammit! The third time's the charm, right?
Katie laughed and rose from her seat, cupping her breasts with two hands and calling out, "come get these ones, babe!". I gladly hopped in the tub, spinning to offer a hand to Stacy as she climbed the stairs. Only a bum would let a lady climb in unsafely, and the bare chest beside my face was simply a perk of being a gentleman.
"Damn, you girls got stripped in a hurry today. We were here for hours before nipples came out last time around," I commented, merely an observation and not a complaint.
"Just being good friends," said Stacy.
"Kennedy forgot her top, and we didn't want her to feel alone," added Katie.
Stacy moved quickly across the tub and made two cups with her hands, just inches in front of Kennedy's face. "I always want to be supportive of my breast friends!" she explained thoughtfully. Swatting away her hands, Kennedy looked embarrassed, keeping her chest firmly underwater and away from all of our eyes. Not that we hadn't all seen each other naked before. Still, there weren't enough games, banter, and playfulness to whittle away her insecurities this early in the night.
Music played, drinks were sipped (and spilled), and the night wore on. Eventually, the drinks caught up with us all and nature called. Thankfully the grass by the shed wasn't far off. Katie was first and got not one but two ass-grabs on the way out as Stacy, and I capitalized on the opportunity.
"Your wife has amazing tits," Stacy proudly reported to me.
"Hey, I heard that!" Katie retorted from the dark.
"I know; bring them back!"
It was a long-running commentary that Stacy admired Katie's breasts, though smaller than hers but decidedly perkier. Upon returning, Katie quickly kissed Stacy as a thank you for the compliment before settling back in the tub. She was frisky tonight!
"What do you think, Alex? I know I've got Katies beat on size, but do you think Kennedys are smaller or bigger?" said Stacy, plain as day; that girl has the mind of a guy, I swear.
"I don't really know, it's been a while, and I don't think I've had the chance to compare the two."
"Okay, then let's find out, for science!" chimed in my lovely wife. Damn, she is excellent.
Katie and Stacy rose quickly out of the water, standing side-by-side in the middle of the tub. Tossing a mutual glance at Kennedy, they both added a "come on, Kennedy!". Shyly she rose from her corner, covering her breasts with her right arm as she did. Now in a line, I still couldn't sort out what Stacy was inquiring about, as I had yet to see all 6 tits in the light.
"Sorry, but I still can't tell without seeing them all!". Looking over, Stacy quickly pinched Kennedy's side, causing her arm to drop and her guard to waver. With an unconfident smile, Kennedy stared at the water and blushed. "I'd say Katie's and Kennedy's are damn near the same size; it's hard to tell!".
"Grab a handful," said Katie, "if that's okay with you, Kennedy," she added with a piercing smile while gazing down the line of bodies.
An all too quick "Yes!" jumped from Kennedy's mouth before she knew she had said it. With a quick glance at me, she stepped partially forward, pushing out her chest while watching Katie do the same.
"If I have to, for science," I fake groaned, reaching forward with a hand towards my wife and her red-as-a-beet friend. After taking several seconds to hold, weigh, squeeze and tweak Katie's right and Kennedy's left breasts, I declared, "Identical in size, but different in every other way."
"What are your other evaluation criteria?" asked the ever-present science teacher in Katie.
"Shape, feel, and nipple size," I quickly replied, knowing what I had looked and felt for so intensely a moment before. "Your's are firmer, Katie, but Kennedys are soft like a fluffy pillow and more bottom heavy. Kennedy has the cutest little nipples though, smaller on the nipple-to-boobsize ratio as us menfolk say," I continued.
"It's called the areola jackass, and I think mine are great!" growled Katie, ending with a pouty face.
"I didn't say they weren't, babe; I think yours are the perfect ratio! I'm just saying hers are cute, like dimples on a baby!" I said as I tried to dig my way out of the hole.
"So you're saying Kennedy has baby tits?" asked Stacy with her hands on her hips, proudly puffing her glorious chest forward.
"You aren't helping Stacy," I added, giving her right nipple a quick flick in retaliation.
"Jerk!" she yelled playfully, jumping forward to attack with Katie behind her. While they tickled at my sides, I quickly wrapped them both up in my arms and squeezed tight to lock their arms down in place.
Faces pushed together, Katie gave in first with a loud "truce!". Letting go, we all laughed and moved back to the four corners of the tub to grab our respective drinks.
"Since you seem to think your scientific method is best, Alex, let's put it to the test," said a now gleeful Katie. "Keep your eyes shut, and we'll shuffle around and come up to you one-by-one, and you need to correctly pick out who is who by our boobs alone." Feel them all up for a purpose and potential prize? All three of their smiles told me they didn't want me to say no, as if I could ever pass up that excellent opportunity.
"Let the games begin!" I declared, "but wait, what do I win if I get it right?".
They all thought for a minute until Stacy piped up, "if you win, we'll stay out here and play another game. Lose, and we head inside to watch a romcom". Fair odds. I needed to know what she had in store for the next game, so this was a no lose situation for me, my mantra, my passion, my new mission in life...well, for tonight anyways.
The darkness took me by surprise. I apparently couldn't be trusted, so the girls enlisted a towel wrapped around my eyes to keep me honest. "Number one is coming up, but don't tell us who is who until the end," said Stacy as they started jostling around the tub, attempting to confuse my senses. When I felt a body approach, I reached out with both hands, coming to rest on a perky and firm set that was unmistakably Katies. I wasn't about to declare this first round over without enjoying my opportunity. I took the time to knead and caress her breasts while rubbing her stiff nipples with my thumbs. After a few moments, she pulled away, only to feel the water shift again and another body approach.
Ah yes, here they were at last. The big and shapely tits attached to none other than Stacy. I could feel the smooth skin of her large areola (thanks to science teacher Katie, I remembered!), which matched the incredible size of her tits. Smothering would be my best description of her chest, as death via her rack would be a great way to leave this earth. I gave her left nipple a quick flick since righty got one earlier, but she didn't let out a peep; she was a damn good poker player if I ever saw one. On to round 3, the slow approach of the water ripples meant hesitation, but a chest nudged my hands regardless. Soft, smooth, gentle, as if they float on their own lightweight air. Kennedy shifted slightly when I engaged in the thumb-to-nipple action, and I swear a soft 'mmm' escaped her lips before she quickly backed away.
"Time's up; lock in your final answer," mused Katie as she unwrapped the towel from my head.
"Easy as Stacy on ladies' night. First was Katie, then Stacy, and Kennedy," I confidently answered.
"The ladies are the easy ones, not me, and good work!" Stacy said before a pause, "I guess you get to play in game number two called 'guess the mouth,' a few kisses for all!".
"Not fair, Stacy, Alex gets all the fun," chimed in Katie, looking like she wanted to be the center of attention.
"Oh, he won't, but you won't either. This time, it's Kennedy's turn in the hot seat!". Almost as if by magic Kennedy whisked herself over to the corner; I had just moved from and lifted the towel as if to call us forward for assistance. I obliged my silently eager friend and tied a tight wrap around her eyes before we all shuffled around.
Stacy went first this time, but I couldn't see her efforts as the tub briefly switched the lights off as it rotated to a new round of colours. Damn, I bet there was more tongue identification than just a mouth going on from both of their smiles. Katie pointed to me, and I moved forward slowly. I gave Kennedy a quick but forceful kiss on the lips, drawing back only to nibble slightly at her lower lip in my signature move. She drew forward for another kiss as I pulled back in haste, wanting to leave her with the urge for more. Signalling Katie to end the round, I pulled back into the side corner, enjoying the view as my wife went in tongue first. She met a clearly enamoured Kennedy for a quick joust of the tonsils. Seconds later, the round was over, and I helped Kennedy remove the makeshift blindfold.
"Katie, Alex, Stacy," announced an unprompted Kennedy, blushing as she spoke.
"WRONG" yelled a joyful Stacy, "I knew that quick little peck would throw you off; I went first!".
"Damn, so that was you at the end, Katie?" asked Kennedy, blushing more while looking to my wife for confirmation.
"How do you know I wasn't second?" asked Katie, causing Kennedy to unexpectedly reach forward and stroke my face sending chills down my spine.
"The beard, duh." We all laughed at how dumb we were to not expect that and the apparent crack in Kennedy's otherwise armoured shell.
Returning to our drinks, we continued laughing and enjoying the music of Dashboard Confessional for a few moments until Katie started a discussion with, "she lost, so now what?".
Stacy, as always, had a simple plan. "Bottoms off!".
...See you again soon for chapter 2!