Helen was a raised as a good church going girl. She dressed and acted like a reserved modest woman. However underneath that exterior lurked a wild horny woman that loved to be fucked. When she got turned on the prim and proper lady would disappear to be replaced by a woman that was hot to trot. I loved to make that hot slut come out and play.
This particular adventure took place not too long after Helen and I were married. We were living on the East Coast and were taking a trip to my parents who lived in the Midwest. Fun ensued along the way.
*****
We got on the road in the late afternoon on a nice day for traveling. We had been on the road for about an hour and were on the Interstate, when Helen reached over and unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out and started to stroke it. She tried to get into position to suck my cock but that just was not possible in this car. She moved back into her seat, unbuttoned her blouse with one hand, pulled up her bra and started to rub one of her nipples while still jacking me off. After a few minutes of this she let go of my cock, hiked her skirt up, pulled off her panties and started to finger fuck herself.
Helen spread her pussy wide and had two fingers working in and out of her depths. She was getting very wet and I could smell her arousal. She alternated between driving her fingers into her cunt and rubbing her clit, groaning as she pleasured herself.
I was passing trucks as we climbed up the mountainsides. I told Helen that any truckers that looked down as we passed were sure to get a good view of her tits and maybe even see her fingering her wet pussy. She moaned and fucked herself faster at the thought that someone might get a peek.
After a couple more minutes stroking her cunt, Helen looked at me and said "I need to get fucked! I need to get fucked now!"
We were almost to a rest stop and I drove fast to get to it while dividing my attention between the road and watching Helen's fingers slide in and out of her cunt. I quickly pulled onto the off ramp and drove to the rear of the rest stop.
I slid the driver seat back and Helen crawled on top of me and shoved a nipple into my mouth. I sucked her nipple into my mouth and chewed on it. I ran my hands up her ass pushing her dress up and squeezing her cheeks while pulling her to me.
Helen groaned and pulled her tit from my mouth and attacked my belt and pants button. I moved my legs over to her side of the car as Helen pulled my pants down to my knees. She lifted my hard cock from my belly and sucked it deep into her mouth. She stroked my cock in and out of her mouth several times and it felt terrific.
Helen didn't say a word as she pulled my cock out of her mouth and slid up my body until her cunt lined up with my cock. She was so wet that I slid right into her tight cunt as she guided me into her hot depths.
Helen bounced up and down on my hard shaft. She was pounding up and down on my dick, fucking me harder and faster until I came deep in her twat. She continued fucking me with my jism leaking from her pussy around my cock until she orgasmed. She moaned and screamed as she came and then collapsed on top of me. I held her and kissed her with my cock still inside of her. Finally Helen was able to move and I felt my cock slide out of her pussy.
We got dressed and looked around and were happy that there was no other car nearby and no one had seen us fucking. We laughed about fucking in that particular rest area as we got back on the road heading west again, since we had fucked late at night in the one on the eastbound side of the Interstate about a year earlier after visiting some friends near Hagerstown.
We had gotten about half way to our destination when we decided to stop and have dinner and stay at a motel for the night. For the last 20 miles before we stopped, Helen had been telling me she needed to be fucked again and had pulled up her skirt was frigging herself again. She had her legs spread wide and I was having a hard time concentrating on the road as I watched her fingers stroke her pussy.
"Honey I'm so wet. See how wet I am. Fuck! Feel how wet I am for you!"
I had my right hand on her thigh and I slid it up and over her bush and plunged two fingers into her wetness. Helen moaned with pleasure as I slid them in deep. My cock was hard in my jeans and I really had a hard time driving as I groaned with desire and frustration.
"We're stopping soon and I'm so going to fuck that hot cunt of yours."
I pulled off the Interstate and we checked into a motel at the Dallas Pike exit in West Virginia. I carried our luggage into our room and Helen and I tore off our clothes and fell onto the bed. I kissed her and ran my hands over her legs and stomach, stroking her while sliding my tongue into her mouth in a hot passionate kiss.
I cupped one of her soft tits and took the nipple between my thumb and forefinger and gently squeezed it and rolled it between my fingers. Helen moaned into my mouth as we continued to kiss. Eventually I started to kiss down her neck and shoulder until I reached the nipple I was abusing. She arched and moaned loudly as I took her nipple into my mouth and nipped it with my teeth. As I suckled her tit, my hand slid over her stomach to the red haired treasure between her legs.
Helen's legs were spread wide and her sex was hot, wet, and open. I slipped a finger into the depths of her folds and she moaned as I penetrated her. As I fucked her cunt with my finger, I moved my mouth to her right nipple. Her right one is the one that sends her wild. She gets very hot when I suck her right nipple and finger fuck her pussy. I added a second finger to the first one ravaging her snug, wet cunt.
Helen moaned and thrust her hips to meet the strokes of my fingers. When she started to grind her pelvis against my hand she moaned "Oh babe, I need your cock in me. I need you to fuck me! I need you to fill me up!"
I stood up by the bed, raised Helen's legs and spread them. She grabbed my cock and guided me into her waiting folds. It felt so good as I stroked deeper and deeper into her tight love canal until my pelvis was rubbing against her pelvis with each stroke. Her depths felt like hot satin on my thrusting member. With her legs up in the air, I was able to penetrate Helen to the fullest and was banging against her cervix with each thrust.
I fucked Helen deep and hard and when my climax came I pushed my cock against her cervix, bellowed "Ahh! I'm cumming deep in your cunt you horny bitch!" and flooded it with my come.
As soon as I was able to move, I pulled my still hard cock out of Helen's wet cunt and rolled over on the bed with my manhood pointing straight up. As Helen had not orgasmed yet. she straddled my body and impaled herself on my stiffness.
Helen road me cowgirl fashion and was soon telling me "Oh yeah! This horny bitch is fucking your cock deep in her cunt! Feel your cum in my pussy? Feel me fucking you with my cum filled pussy!"
Helen was riding me like a bucking bronco and ramming her cum filled cunt on my hard shaft like she was at the rodeo. She picked up her pace and started moaning until she screamed out "Oh OH! Fuck! AHHH!" as she climaxed on top of me.
We lay there snuggling and kissing in our post coitus glow until we realized we were hungry. We cleaned up and got dressed and went to dinner.
While we were at dinner, I mentioned to Helen that there was an adult bookstore at the truck-stop that had peep shows and a live "exotic" dancer. I told her, "We could watch her strip and perform for us. I could suck your tits and play with your clit, while you jacked me off. Then I could fuck you while she watched."
Helen grinned at me but didn't say yes or no. We finished dinner, paid the check and went to the car. In the car, she said, "So where's this bookstore?"
I drove us to the truck-stop and to the small building behind it that had signs announcing, "Adult Books" and "Live Dancer". We went into the building and the front room was filled with racks of sex magazines of all kinds and displays of sex toys. We browsed around for a couple of minutes and then saw the sign pointing the way to the movies and dancer.
Helen whispered, "Is that where we need to go", to me and I told her yes. She said, "Let's go then!" I told her we would need tokens and I went to the counter and purchased some.
Helen walked slightly ahead of me into the room full of booths with posters for the movies on their doors. We found the dancer's booth but a sign said that the next dancer didn't start for half an hour. We decided to wait for her.
Helen started to look at the movie titles on the booth doors and picked one. We went in and I inserted some tokens and we flipped through the movies. Helen liked one of a girl on her hands and knees getting her cunt pounded from behind. She unbuttoned my pants, unzipped my fly and pulled out my stiff cock and started stroking it. I unbuttoned her blouse and reached into her bra and started to play with a nipple. We watched the girl on the screen getting fucked for a couple of minutes and then Helen squatted down and started to suck my cock.
I let Helen suck it until I reached the point where I was starting to feel like I would cum soon. I lifted her up and pulled her bra out of the way and started to suck her nipples. She was moaning with pleasure. The guy fucking the girl in the movie started to groan and he pulled his big cock out of her cunt and shot a huge load of cum all over the girls pussy and ass. Helen groaned as she saw the guy's cum splashing onto the girls ass and dripping off of it.
Helen pulled my head up from her nipple and kissed me hard, running her tongue deep into my mouth and rubbing her crotch against my hard dick. She said, "Put your fingers in my pussy and fuck me with them now, damn it."
I reached under Helen's skirt as she leaned back against the side of the booth and spread her legs. Her juices were running down her thighs, she was so wet. I slid two fingers into her and started to fuck her cunt with them. I kissed her and forced my tongue into her mouth. It was a savage, hot, I'm fucking you kiss. She started to groan into my mouth and I felt her thrust her cunt against my hand forcing my fingers into her depths and she shook as her orgasm hit her.
When Helen caught her breath, she said, "You better put that cock back in your pants and we'll go check on that dancer."
I thought, "Hell yes, I'm ready to fuck you and she can watch us."
I managed to get everything back in and zipped up fast. We left the booth and went back to the dancer's booth. It was still closed and there was a new sign saying the dancer would be on duty in an hour.
There was no way I was going to be able to wait another hour, so Helen and I found another booth and I selected a video showing a girl with her legs pushed up high and the guy holding them banging her with a fat cock.
I wanted to push Helen up against the wall and fuck her standing up, but we have just never been able to get everything lined up to make that work. She tore open the front of my pants and my cock flopped right out. The only thing that there was room enough for was a blow job and Helen slid her mouth over the end of my rigid shaft, coating it with her saliva. In just a few strokes she had my cock sliding all the way down her throat.
I was seeing this thick cock fucking this tight pussy on the screen and looking down to see my wife with her nose in my pubic hair. It felt so fucking good! God damn, she can suck cock! I was still excited from her hot orgasm and the sights before my drove me higher.
Helen was fucking my cock with her face and I just moaned, "Here it comes honey!"
With that Helen pulled my cock most of the way out and then went most of the way back down on it. I exploded into her mouth, shaking as I sent jet after jet of jism into her mouth. She managed to swallow most of it and sucked the head of my dick a couple more times to clean up the last of it. She stood up and I kissed her running my tongue deep into her mouth which was full of my cum.
Helen laid her head on my chest and said, "Do you want to stay here or go back to our room and come back here later?"
I didn't really feel like spending the time waiting there when we could be so much more comfortable in our room. "Let's go, we can come back and see the dancer later." So we left and drove back to our motel.
We undressed as soon as we got back to the room and started kissing again while lying on the bed. We kissed with our tongues tangling and probing each others mouth. I kissed my way to her ear and stuck my tongue in it to drive her crazy, Helen inhaled sharply and groaned. I kissed my way down her neck and onward to her right nipple, which I sucked greedily. She groaned and moaned at my attentions. My right hand slid between her thighs to her waiting pussy. Her legs moved giving me full access to her hot cunt. I stroked her mons and cupped it with my hand feeling the heat and dampness.
I stopped torturing Helen's nipple with my tongue and slid down her body, saying, "I haven't tasted your pussy all day, dear!"
I replaced my hand with my face and gently probed Helen's nether lips with my tongue. I kissed the inside of her thighs and moved back to run my tongue the length of her slit, tasting the sweetness of her pussy.
I stood up next to the bed and slid Helen to the edge so that her legs were completely off the bed. I pushed her legs up and she grabbed them and spread them wide apart. This opened her cunt like a beautiful flower. It was full of her sweet nectar and I knelt and ran my tongue deep into her folds.
Helen moaned as I sucked her folds into my mouth and ran my tongue the length of her snatch. She was full of sweetness and I lapped it up. I moved my tongue closer to her clit and slipped a finger into her open cunt. I finger fucked her cunt as I was moving my tongue back and forth and closer to her clit. When I was about to reach her clit, I slid a second finger in with the first one. At that point I moved my tongue onto her clit and started to flick it with my tongue. Soon I was able to suck her clit between my lips and lap it with my tongue.
Helen can't take much of this torture. She rarely is able to cum while having her cunt sucked and as usual she was soon groaning out, "Fuck me! Oh baby, fuck me with that cock! I need to get fucked!"
I tortured her clit for a few more seconds and then stood up. Helen was holding her legs open like the girl in the last video and she looked so fucking hot! I leaned over her and my cock slid right into her cunt. I had her legs over my arms and I was fucking her deep with each thrust. The angle was perfect and when my pelvis contacted hers I gave a little push up. That push rubbed my cock hair and pelvic bone against her clit. It was driving her wild.
Helen was moaning and groaning and yelling, "Oh yeah fuck me! Fuck your slut! That's it! Fuck your fucking whore!"
Helen was breathing hard and fast as I fucked her and I knew she was getting ready for a big orgasm. I pumped her harder and faster and when I did, she started to scream and shake and she took a deep breath and said, "UUUNNNNGHHH!!" as she came.
I slowed down my pace and when she recovered, I was still deep in her cunt, fucking with slow strokes that bottomed out against her cervix.
Helen looked up at me with a glowing smile on her face and asked me, "Did you come yet?"
"Not yet", I said.
"Are you going to?"
I looked down at her, fucking her, and said, "I'd really like to fuck your ass. Would that be OK?"
Helen has to be in the right mood to let me take her anally. I thought this might be one of them and it was.
Helen gave me a loving look and said, "Fuck my ass baby! Do you want me to roll over?"
I said "No", slipped my cock out of her pussy and pushed her legs higher. Her anus was covered with pussy juices as was my steel hard cock. I pressed the head of my cock against her tight brown rim and pushed forward. My cock slipped right into her ass. Helen moaned and I asked if it hurt.
"No it feels good. Now fuck my ass!"
I stroked slowly in and out and soon had the full length of my cock buried in her ass. Helen was being very vocal about it.
"Fuck my ass you bastard! Fuck your slut's ass! Fuck me, FUCK MY ASS!"
Helen's dirty talk, the tightness of her ass, and the way my cock was sliding so smoothly in and out of her ass was terrific. With all the times I'd cum already that day, I wasn't going to cum quickly. I sped up my pace, plunging my cock fully into her ass. I had Helen's legs pushed high with her ass rolled up and I could look down and see my thick rigid cock disappearing into her tight brown hole.
Helen was still being vocal about it, "Oh yes! Fuck my ass! Drive your big cock deep in my ass, baby! Fuck Me Hard! OHHHHHH! Fuck! MMMMHHHH!".
Between the sight of my prick thrusting deep inside her, her moans and the incredible tight feeling of her ass, I was approaching my orgasm. I was pulling my cock nearly all the way out of her and then driving it into her ass until my balls slapped her ass and my pubic bone was hitting her cunt. I suspect that hitting her pussy like that was making it better for her.
At any rate, Helen was urging me on, screaming for me to fuck her ass like I'd never fucked it before. It drove me right to the edge. I drove my cock into her hard once, twice, and then I drove in as hard as I could and shook as I came deep in her beautiful ass. I felt the jism shooting out of my cock. I pushed my cock into her, straining to get it in as deep in her ass as possible as I continued to cum.
I collapsed on top of Helen and started to kiss her, my cock still deep in her clinging ass. It was the absolute best ass fuck I'd ever had and perhaps the best one I'll ever have. We kissed hard and wetly, with my tongue and hers intertwining.
Finally, I let her legs go and rolled to the side taking Helen with me. My cock pulled out of her ass in the process and we lay there holding each other and kissing. Helen had that 'I just got fucked good' look on her face. I was finished.
Helen smiled at me and said, "Oh God that was some great fuck!"
I smiled back and kissed her and said, "God, I love you, you horny bitch!"
We lay holding each other for a few minutes and Helen asked me, "Want to go see if the dancer is there?"
I told her, "I don't think I could go again after that last fuck. You have fucked me out today."
She grinned and snuggled in closer and we went to sleep for the night.
We still have never gone to see a dancer and fucked while watching. I sometimes wonder what that would have been like, Helen was insatiable that day and I'm sure she would have been ready to give the dancer a show. I'm glad I was exhausted as anything we would have done would have taken away from that glorious pussy and ass fuck. It was the perfect end of a fantastically sexy day.