A true story.
My wife Susan and I are now in our early 40's have been together almost 20 years. She is a pretty fair haired and blue-eyed lady with a lovely smile and pleasant outgoing and bubbly personality.
Susan had various boyfriends before we met and as I soon discovered was quite adventurous where sex was concerned. She was not adverse to sex outdoors and in my car and was always ready and willing to strip on the beach letting guys see her lovely 34C breasts which still look fantastic on her petite frame. Men have always seemed to enjoy looking at her and she has never been shy when it comes to nudity. I discovered she is quite the exhibitionist when the circumstances are right for her.
We courted a while and married in our mid 20's. After we married we carried on our usual adventurous sex life enjoying some hot days out in local woods and parks, even progressing to visits to a nude beach which she was keen to try. There we would find a quiet spot in the dunes where we would strip off and enjoy the feeling of our nudity in the sunshine. This was always a very erotic experience and I noticed she didn't seem to be shy when one of the dune voyeurs walked by or sat watching her.
Our visits there soon progressed to me stroking her body, lovely breasts and shaven pussy before we indulged in some very erotic sex. It was at one of these times on a lovely sunny day when something happened which was a huge turn on, and not an exaggeration to describe it as a life changing event.
We had woken early on this particular summer's morning and she was very excited and suggested we drive to the beach as it looked like being a lovely day. I was looking forward to a nice sexy lay-in before we got up, but after playing with her sexy boobs and eating her pussy a while, she said she wanted to get going as it was an hour's drive to our chosen beach. I was hoping that this was a sign that she wanted to get sexy in the sunshine later on.
When we arrived the beach wasn't too busy. We walked along going up the path into the dunes which stretched out before us with lots of little hills and hollows and clumps dune grass here and there which provided shade from the sun and gentle breeze.
We found a good place near the back of the dunes away from the main beach in a small hollow that had dune grass on our right hand side and a sand ridge around ten feet high to our left. We put down our cool bag and I pulled my trainers, t shirt and shorts off while watching Susan.
Susan stood looked around and lifted her cropped top over her head to expose her beautiful bra-less breasts to the sunshine and fresh air. I noticed her nipples harden in the early cool morning breeze. She looked at me and grinned, reaching down to pull off her shorts followed by her pink panties. She looked fantastic standing there naked folding up her clothes and I couldn't help thinking that anyone fortunate enough to see her sexy body would be in for a treat.
We spread our towels and laid down to relax. The sun now felt very warm on our skin and I noticed her nipples were starting to warm up and looked good. Susan placed a straw hat over her face to protect against the sun's rays, but this meant she couldn't see the scenery around her. I laid on her right hand side and relaxed enjoying the views of the dunes and Susan's wonderful 34C breasts.
After a while I propped up on my elbow watching her gorgeous breasts rise and fall with her breathing, taking in the view of her pink nipples looking down to her sweet shaven pussy and noticing beads of perspiration on her soft skin. I love seeing her like this and have to confess to being turned on that other guys walking in the dunes could see her beautiful body and enjoy the view. I was hoping that I would have the opportunity to show her off to some horny watcher.
I picked up a small piece of the dunes grass and gently stroked her nearest breast with it which she smiled and giggled at which made her breasts jiggle deliciously. I felt my cock stiffen at this and hoped she would be responsive as she loves being naked in the sunshine. I dropped the grass and bent over her and licked her right nipple which felt really warm from the heat of the sun, she giggled again and arched her back pushing her breasts upward towards my mouth allowing me to suck her pink nipple.
It was at this point, from the corner of my eye I saw a guy sitting in between some clumps of dune grass in front of us to the left around fifteen yards away up the slope. He was obviously deliberately positioned to see us but was pretending to look out to sea as they usually do. He appeared to be late thirties', maybe early forties and was tanned and seemed quite well built.
I thought OK this is interesting! Susan was still giggling and enjoying the attention to her breast oblivious to the fact that someone was close by obviously intent on watching us. As Susan and I were getting more excited I looked across to the guy who indeed was watching. As I looked his way with my lips still on her breast he again turned his head away from our position. Now I was becoming very excited that he was watching and she didn't know. So I lifted a hand across her to her left breast and massaged it gently stroking it and lifting it all the time watching the guy in the grass.
By now he must have realised I was cool with him watching as I hadn't stopped stroking her breast. Becoming braver, he slid forwards out of his semi hidden position and I saw that like us, he was also naked. He smiled and I lifted my hand from Susan's breasts and gave a small wave. Susan still had the hat on her face so was oblivious to this and still squirming while I sucked her engorged nipple between my teeth.
She wouldn't have been surprised when she felt my right hand leave her breast to stoke lower across her tummy down to her pussy which I discovered was very wet and creamy. I know she loves outdoor sex yet I was amazed how excited she seemed. When the guy saw me stroking down to her pussy and watched Susan part her legs to give me access, he slid across the sand so he was directly in line with Susan's legs looking up towards her lovely pussy. Although still perhaps some fifteen yards away, I was imagining the view from his position had the roles been reversed and that was a very exciting thought.
I was proud of her sexiness and was very turned on being able to show her like this so I lifted my hand from between her legs and now he had an unobstructed view of her sweet twenty five year old pussy. He was now sitting there stroking a very solid erection. I looked again and smiled then he moved slowly closer so now was only around ten feet away stroking his good sized tanned manhood.
I wasn't really sure where this was going beyond enjoying showing her off. Perhaps he would masturbate quietly, pay her the ultimate compliment then leave? I wasn't sure but I resumed kissing her breasts and stroking her pussy and she was getting hotter by the minute. She then whispered something from under her hat;
"John, please, stop teasing and fuck me."
Obviously she was still unaware that we had an audience and I wasn't sure I wanted to make love to her in front of the guy in case I was busted, so I was a little hesitant which she picked up on. She then asked the question,
"Is someone watching us?"
I said "Well hun, someone walked by a few minutes ago but I think he's gone now."
She said "Did he see you touching my pussy?"
I relied "He might have yes love."
She groaned "Ohhhh wow mmmmmm."
I then asked if she liked that and she wiggled her ass and said,
"I do yes and I know you do too you horny bastard."
I couldn't deny that so laughed and told her she looked amazing and the guy would have loved seeing her.
I was still stroking her wet pussy, she was purring with pleasure and then she asked
"John, did that guy come back to see more?"
So I pushed it a little and told her he did. She asked where he was and I told her he was in the grass watching us, she asked how old he was and I told her he was older than us, maybe forty or so. She relaxed and held my hand on her pussy, almost humping my hand. Then she said she wanted to see him and slid the hat from her face and lifted up on her elbows, her breasts sagging against her chest so sexily.
She looked down between her feet and saw the guy sitting there looking at her pussy with his big cock in his hand she was wide eyed and said jokingly,
"You cheeky bastard, he's not in the grass he's right there!"
I asked her if I should tell him to go away and she said
"No, he's ok there, I don't mind, don't stop."
Susan then carried on subtley humping my hand. When the guy realised she was ok with him watching he slid closer to be on her left side opposite me only about four feet away from her. She moved her hand down onto her pussy moving my hand out of the way and rubbed her clit while he stroked himself, watching each other masturbate.
I was still stroking her breasts feeling really proud of her. He slowly reached out and touched her shoulder, as if testing the water. She didn't object to that so he slid his hand down her arm closer to her breasts which made her smile again. Then, as I and no doubt Susan expected, he slid his hand across her breasts gently holding each breast in turn, she looked at me with a wicked grin and said;
"John, someone's touching my tits."
I was amazed to see and hear this and it was such a turn-on. She laid back for several minutes letting him explore her breasts, kissing and stroking them, sucking her nipples into his mouth, before moving his left hand tentatively down across her tummy towards her pussy.
At this move, she looked up to my face searching for something from my expression. Was she expecting me to stop him, or was she looking for some reassurance that I wasn't going to change my view of her if she let him touch her? I wasn't sure as this was new territory for us, so I smiled and kissed her telling her I loved her. She seemed to relax at this and slowly opened her smooth thighs allowing his hand access to her most intimate place. I propped up on my elbow, kissing her face and head and watched intently as the guy gently parted her smooth folds with his strong fingers and stroked her clitoris.
I was so turned on that when she again asked me to fuck her I didn't have any reservations at all. In fact I now desperately needed to fuck her. I had a quick look around to make sure we were still all alone with our new friend. When I saw we were I moved in between her legs and glided into her smooth pussy which she accepted with a soft moan.
Our new friend was very excited that we were having sex in front of him. Susan wrapped her legs around my back as we slowly fucked, the guy who we discovered was called Pete was still stroking her lovely tits and I was amazed to see her reach out, touch his thigh then take his cock in her little hand and stroke it.
He knelt next to her level with her chest, she didn't take her eyes of his cock as she stroked him while I slid in and out of her pussy. I had to stop moving and keep still as I was so excited I almost came after only a few seconds. Pete was telling her she was hot and then he said to be careful as he would soon cum if she didn't stop stroking his cock. That made her coo and she giggled and speeded up her stroking. Pete was breathing heavily then Susan said;
"It's ok, cum on my tits, please cum on me."
Pete then groaned and shot a huge load of cum across her sweet breasts and her hand which was still slowly stroking his shaft. Seeing this I couldn't hold back any longer and pounded into her for a few minutes looking into her eyes, seeing her smiling face and watching Pete's hot cum all over her lovely tanned 34C titties sent me over the edge and Susan and I held each other tightly while we came together both enjoying being watched having sex by another man.
We got our breath back and I moved and laid on her right hand side again. Pete was still sitting next to us and still stroking her tits. We all laid back and chatted and agreed it had been a fantastic experience. Susan laid there, legs open with cum in her pussy and on her tits.
I was amazed that she was so open and relaxed around Pete being totally naked and having just been well fucked. She kissed me and said she loved me, and I could see the excitement in her eyes. We sat with Pete and had a drink from the cool box and she laid back letting him see her pussy leaking onto her towel. I passed her some wipes and she laughed saying that she dared not wipe her pussy yet at it was still very tingly from her orgasm. Teasing her I quickly stroked her clit and said;
"What, just here, is this little clitty tingly?"
She pushed my hand away saying she needed to cool off but then gently stroked her clit herself and Pete said
"Wow Susan that looks so hot"
She smiled and laid back stroking her smooth pussy lips very slowly, I could see she was becoming excited again and soon her pussy stroking turned into a full on masturbation session which Pete enjoyed close up. She put her leg across his thigh and he stroked it while she tensed up and called out that she was coming again.
After all that fun, we eventually, walked naked down to the sea's edge and cooled in the water washing the sweat and cum off. We exchanged numbers with Pete and then he left us to it.
That was the first such experience for us and we both enjoyed it immensely and later discussed it openly and realised we both wanted that kind of fun as part of our sex life once in a while.