The next day was Sunday. Martha awakened and taking a shower, coming out of the shower her husband was just getting up from bed and was admiring his wife's mature sexy body. Marveling at how in some way she was becoming more open, as he doesn't remember his shy modest wife walking round the house nude, or was it his imagination. Passing her, deciding he wants to see how far she would go in her exhibitionism.
He said, "Martha how about wearing the suit you have on now for the day?"
Not comprehending what his meaning was to begin with, she said. "What suit, I'M nude."
On the way to the bathroom and a shower, he said. "Your birthday suit."
Thinking about her husband's comment, going over in her mind the fun they had the day before and feeling guilty for exposing her body to men she works with, deciding to do as Hal asking. Getting out of the shower, he put on a pair of shorts and tee shirt. Hal, going to the kitchen, his lovely wife surprising him, she is wearing an apron and nothing else. Martha taking her husband's suggestion, deciding to wear 'her birthday suit' is exposing her cute backside to her husband, as she is standing at the stove making bacon and eggs for both of them for breakfast.
She finished cooking breakfast; she removed her apron to sit at the kitchen table naked as the day she was born she asked Hal. "Did you like what the cook wore?"
The way he looked at her made her self- conscience. Martha thought to herself, "Am I doing the right thing, being nude in the house in the middle of the morning?" She could see the admiration in her husband's eyes because of her exposure, she rationalized this is good for their marriage, to please her husband in this way.
Sitting at the kitchen table after finishing his breakfast Hal was admiring his nude wife while she was cleaning the pans and loading the dishes in the dishwasher. He could see her lovely pink slit and her brown pussy hair sticking out between her slightly spread legs, along with her rosebud prominently displayed above her slit. Hal had a wonderful view, when she turned to the side and he could see her slightly sagging breasts she is more beautiful today in her exposure, than she was when they were first married.
Sunday's were the days they did their work around the house, so Hal reluctantly went outside to cut the lawn and Martha started the laundry, while the clothes were in the washer, she started to house clean, she did the bedroom first, then cleaned the bath room. She brought the towels down to the laundry room; there she found the first load of wash was done, instead of drying the clothes in the drier she decided to hang the cloths out on the outside drier to save money. She brought the laundry basket up to the kitchen and was about to get a robe to put on to go outside and hang the clothes when her husband appeared in the kitchen to get a cold beverage.
"Where are you going?" He asked Martha.
"Up to get a robe to put on to go out in the back yard to hang the clothes." She told Hal.
"I dare you to go out and hang the clothes in the nude." He said, knowing she can't refuse a dare.
With some hesitation she picked up the clothes basket walked to the door and stopped. "You sure you want your wife to show her body to the outside world and the neighbors." She asked him.
In response he opened the door for her and followed her out as she stealthy walked to the outside clothes line, as she looked around to make sure no one could see her nudity.
Hal was standing in back of her as she was hanging the clothes, admiring her intimate display, for the third or fourth time today. He never tires of seeing her most intimate places on display. Hal is really enjoying the public display of her intimate self, with the chance of his wife being seen today.
As for her part, although somewhat scared of what the neighbors may think, if they see Martha; the shy modest woman of the neighborhood, nude in her back yard as she hung out clothes. She could feel the moisture run down her legs, in spite of her somewhat stressed state of mind, being out in public nude. When she finished hanging the clothes, she stopped to talk to Hal as he cleaned his lawn mower, she never gave it a thought their next door neighbor on the side yard could go to his garage and see her as she stood there nude, as she conversed with her husband and faced his property.
She went back inside to get the remainder of the laundry, she walked to the door opened it she was exhilarated, as she went to the clothes line. Martha hung the rest of the clothes and walked around outside nude. She almost regretted her public exposure came to an end as she entered the house. Hal Finished with the mower and came inside, he went up to take another a shower. He was surprised when his wife came into the shower with him, got down on her knees and gave him oral sex. It was better than he ever received from her the day before.
Hal groaned out. "I'm about to cum."
Unlike all the times before, she deep throated him she even took all his orgasm without even gagging. Martha was proud of her performance.
Hal helped her up and they washed each other very thoroughly, making sure all the most intimate places were very clean. After the shower they dried each other and went to bed in the middle of the day. Hal reciprocated his love for his wife, he laid her down on the bed on her back. He started to kiss her, he tasted his resent orgasm on her lips and then worked his way down to her engorged nipples, and he paid attention to both he worshipped them. Very lovingly he brought them to their highest state of arousal, before Hal proceeded to her overheated and very wet pussy. He took one of her lips between his teeth and gave her little love bits it caused her to moan and try to get more of her pussy in his mouth.
Letting go of her vaginal lip he started in earnest to lick between her pussy lips, he used his tongue as a small cock. Hal worked it into her hot wet hole as deep as he could. She bucked up and held his head to her most intimate being. He felt like she tried to get his whole head into her, as she started to orgasm. It was so intense she started to scream. With all the windows opened he hoped the neighbors didn't think he murdered his wife instead of pleasuring her.
After her mighty orgasm Martha fell asleep in Hal's arms, they didn't wake up until almost dark. She still had the clothes on the line, so she went outside naked, without even giving it a second thought. She has become accustomed to being nude, it was second nature for her, to just go out and bring in the clothes. Even though they had the yard lights on, so she could see and anyone else outside could see Martha in all her naked glory.
With all the chores and sexual activity they had during the day they forgot to eat, so upon Martha's suggestion they ordered a pizza. The doorbell rang about 25 minutes later and Martha still nude answered the door, to the complete surprise of the delivery man and her husband. She invited the young man in, while she went to her purse to acquire the money for the pizza.
She turned her back to the delivery man and bent over to retrieve her change purse. Both Hal and he young man could see her red well used vaginal opening, with her aroused puffy labia and the rosebud setting on top of her slit. The angry red lips of her pussy gave testament to the recent sexual relations they had, along with the residue of their copulation, as it ran down her leg. She gave both a show and she was unaware of extent her exposure.
After Martha gave the young man his money, she gave him a tip.
The delivery man gave Martha the tip back, he said, "Keep the tip I have already been dually compensated." He backed out of the door, smiled, and gave Martha a high five.
Martha stood in the doorway longer than she had to, so he could look at her, as he drove away slowly he looked back and waved, at the lovely mature woman. It was after the car disappeared from view she closed the front door.
They eat their pizza and then watched TV until it was time for bed, both were exhausted from the work they did for day and all the sex they participated in, but it was a good tired. Hal in his shorts and tee shirt, Martha in her nudity, they went up to bed together. For the first time Martha did not dress in a sleep shirt, she went to bed nude and cuddled up against Hal with her back to him they spooned all night both slept peacefully until the next afternoon.
It was Monday and Martha had to go to work. She almost missed her ride, Martha was sleeping so soundly. She arose at 1 o'clock took a shower did her hair and Hal picked her outfit for today a red bra and panty set with rose colored plunging neckline blouse and white skirt with matching shoes.