Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
I spent the remainder of my morning at home naked after my shower. While I wanted to savor a quick orgasm, I denied myself wanting to be as horny as possible when I got to work. As I had white heels that I'd worn home from work I decided to stick with the white theme. I started with a pair of white opaque thigh high stockings with lace tops, then coupled that with a white lace underbust waist cincher that came with a "one size fits all" G-string. Then I picked out a nice pleated skirt with a coordinating blouse, which I carried out to the living room, tossing them over the couch until I was ready to leave. While I'd never considered myself to be very comfortable naked my perception had definitely changed as of late. I was beginning to hate feeling covered up, so I reluctantly put on my blouse and skirt so I could go to work. Even with my bit of dawdling this morning, I walked into work well ahead of the typical morning rush. At least I wouldn't get disapproving looks as my boobs jiggled under my blouse as I walked, or sideways glances at my probably too tall for the workplace heels. Soon I was safe in the sanctity of my office wondering what surprises await me! Nick didn't disappoint, although he certainly did surprise me!
"What the hell is this thing?" I said holding up the first item that drew my eyes.
What it was, I quickly figured out where it went and that it wasn't a question of whether I would wear it. I removed the clothing I put on this morning, briefly standing naked in the bathroom with the door to Nick's office open, before getting dressed in what he'd laid out. Starting with the stockings, I sat and pulled on the sheer, expensive feeling stockings with red lace tops and a red seam running up the back. The stockings were tall enough to come within an inch of my pussy! Next I put on a red lace, front close demi bra that lifted my boobs nicely. The floral lace ran right over my nipples giving them a dull scratchy feeling causing them to get hard immediately. I then put on the delicate looking red lace garterbelt and equally delicate looking panties that had two bows along the crotch to allow easy access. Before I put on the last item, I stepped into my red ankle strap heels. Finally, I picked up the red fox tail butt plug and began carefully spreading lube on the metal plug.
"This will be interesting." I smirked at my reflection in the mirror as I inserted the heavy plug.
Taking a look in the mirror I had to admit, the tail looked kinda sexy. Then I went for a walk around Nick's office and really fell in love with it! The plug swung even more as the tail moved from side to side with each step. The tail rubbed constantly against the backs of my legs, giving me a constant reminder of it's presence. While the bra looked really nice, and did lift my boobs, it offered very little by way of keeping them from jiggling with each step. With the lace over each nipple that meant they were constantly scratched with each and every step I took keeping them rock hard and aching for more attention. It was obvious the outfit was designed to keep me as horny as possible the entire day!
"You look good with a tail hanging from your ass," Nick said as he entered his office catching me by surprise, "I want to pull it out right now and fuck you!"
"I'm not the type to say no to you Sir!" I replied giving my ass and tail a wiggle.
"I have a busy day today," Nick said as he undid his belt, "but I can always start it off with your mouth!" Turning to face him I squatted as he approached, feeling my mouth water as he freed his cock from his pants. "Lift your tail up," he instructed as he approached, "you don't want it getting dirty."
"Yes Sir!" I replied lifting the tail with my right hand and draping it over my leg.
"Oh no," he said holding out his left hand, "put it in my hand."
I did as he instructed, lifting the tail as far as I could until he was close enough to take it from me. As he pushed his cock into my mouth, his left hand slid the tail around my arm and behind my head. Now he could not only tug on the plug in my ass but do it while holding my head in place as he fucked my mouth. Normally, it's very easy to focus on the task at hand and manage my breathing as his cock slid into my throat, but the tail was tickling me all the way up my spine making that very difficult!
"I have a couple meetings today slut," he half grunted as he spoke, "some of the attendees are not the type that would appreciate you, so I have other plans for you today." I obviously couldn't answer with his cock abusing my mouth, so I did my best to listen as well as I could. "I'll give you a list later," he said fucking my mouth more forcefully, "right now I need to cum!"
A moment later his cock was spasming in my mouth, spurting his hot seed down my throat, then into my mouth as he backed up slightly. He looked down at me, oozing of confidence, as I sucked him, using my tongue and thumb under his shaft to milk out what was left inside him. He was obviously pleased by my need to get every drop out of him before releasing his softening cock from my mouth. He finally pulled his completely flaccid cock from my mouth, releasing my tail and extending a hand to help me back to my feet. I helped Nick tuck his resting cock away and do his pants before he headed off to his desk with me quickly in tow.
"Here is a list of stops I need you to make today for me," he said handing me a piece of paper, "and you already have the key to my place, so you can drop off my dry cleaning." I took both from him wondering if I'd be doing this with a tail hanging from my ass. "Do the list in order," he continued, "without deviation then come back here and I'll see how you did."
"Yes Sir." I replied wondering when I should ask about the tail.
"In your closet is a skirt and blouse for you to wear," he said seemingly sensing my concern, "the dress should be long enough to cover your tail, provided you're not sitting down." I blushed slightly at the idea of a red fox tail peeking from under my skirt as he continued. "You can take my car," he said handing me his keys, "there's something for it on the list."
"Yes Sir." I replied looking at the BMW key tag on his car keys.
"Any questions?" He asked turning toward his desk as if he was asking just to be polite and not really concerned if I had a question or not.
"No Sir." I replied walking as confidently as possible toward the bathroom.
Inside the bathroom closet there was a red pencil skirt and cream blouse with red lace accents. I put the blouse on first, quickly realizing that the top few buttons were missing. The loose-fitting blouse's top most button was just below the clasp of my bra, meaning if I moved the wrong, or maybe it would be better called the right way for a slut, my bra or breast could be visible. The pencil skirt fit quite snugly through my upper legs and butt; I checked several times to make sure the bump from the tail was not visible. It wasn't terribly obvious, so I was happy it didn't look like I was wearing a full diaper. The tail seemed to end 2 or 3 inches from the hem. Nick was right, as long as I didn't sit it wouldn't be visible.
"Here's to a long day on my feet." I whispered to myself. "Oh shit." I said a bit louder than I wanted to when I read item one on the piece of paper.
Item one was to go see Victoria. Which meant walking through this floor and the floor below, to and from the elevator, to get to her office. Or I could take the back stairs down one flight, which would save me at least one trip across her floor. Looking into the office, Nick was now on the phone, he gave me a friendly wave goodbye with a knowing smirk. Stepping into my office, I took a deep breath, then walked directly to the stairwell door trying not to think about my jiggling chest or the tail wagging and tickling my legs under my skirt. This was definitely not the typical work outfit, certainly not the skirt, seamed stockings or towering heels! I tried not to focus on the eyes I could feel on me as I walked the small hallway to the stairs. Each step made my heels sound like cannon shots ripping through the building, that would have been bothersome but each step also caused the plug to tug inside me and my boobs to scratch the lace of my bra. Taking the stairs was a definite mistake, as with each successive step I was getting hornier! By the time I reached Victoria's floor I could feel my panties and inner thighs were soaked. I made my way to her office as quickly as possible, running into her administrative assistant in her outer office.
"Can I help you?" The gorgeous blonde with the disapproving voice asked as she looked me over.
"Hi, umm," I stammered searching for words as she all but glared at me, "Nick, I mean Mr. Johnston sent me down."
"Of course, he did." She replied as if finding out I was sent by Nick put everything together for her. "Just a moment."
She got up from her desk, walking around it and immediately discarding me, then to Victoria's office door. As she knocked, I looked her up and down, her dress was nice and her heels were certainly more work appropriate than my own. However, she had an ankle bracelet on which I recognized from my online shopping trip with Sabrina earlier in the week. It was something I almost bought! She was a slut too! Her ankle bracelet said as much in a very decorative text. I was so taken by it I didn't realize that she was already waving me into Victoria's office. Her eyes were no longer condescending, they were practically pleading with me to go into the office. As I walked to her, I let my right hand lightly touch her hip, doing my best to block my actions from Mistress Victoria's view, letting my fingers delicately trail over her dress. She may look work appropriate on the outside but she was bare from the waist down under that nice dress of hers!
"Hello my dear." Mistress Victoria said cheerfully as I entered. "That will be enough Denise."
"Yes Ms." I heard her reply from behind me.
"Well aren't you wearing the latest in whore couture today!" Mistress Victoria smiled as she spoke. "Let's see what's under it!"
"Yes, Mistress Victoria." I replied feeling my fingers already fumbling with my buttons.
In a matter of seconds my skirt and blouse were on the chair in her office, leaving me standing with my hands by my side, tail hanging from my ass.
"That's adorable," She said sounding unimpressed, "come over here and kneel slut."
I quickly moved to the side of her desk, right where she pointed, moving to my knees and scooping up my tail so I could lay it over my right leg. Daring not to lift my eyes, I looked at Victoria's feet, waiting anxiously for her to say or do something. Her foot, a high black patent heel, glided its way between my legs. The toe quickly, roughly, moving over my clit as it continued and pressed between my puffy pussy lips.
"Denise," she said from above me, "come in here."
Just like that Denise returned. The woman who had been looking down on me since I walked into the office now could see me in my slutty lingerie and fox tail while her boss teased my pussy with her shoe! I didn't dare look up, or anywhere for that matter. Soon the rounded toe of Mistress Victoria's shoe became my world and my tormenter. I let out a slight whimper as she rolled her ankle, pressing her toe into me further.
"You think you're a willingly submissive little slut, now don't you?" I gasped as she slowly pulled her foot from my pussy. "Lift your eyes and look to your right."
I did as she ordered, it certainly wasn't a request after all. Kneeling next to me was Denise, her dress and low-heeled shoes were gone. She now had on a black latex leotard with zippers over her nipples and pussy as well as a pair of what had to be 6" black heels. Denise's hands were behind her back, her knees spread as wide as they could go. I could feel Mistress Victoria staring at me while she moved her wet shoe toward Denise, who had not moved an inch.
"Go ahead pet." She said almost coolly.
Without an ounce of hesitation Denise leaned forward, her hands clasped behind her back, wrists positioned as if they were bound tightly to each other, and started licking the toe of Mistress Victoria's shoe. This wasn't a simple lick, her tongue was making love to her shoe, like an incredibly intimate combination of blow job and French kiss. Watching Denise's mouth make love to Mistress Victoria's shoe was the wildest thing I'd seen in quite a while. With the preliminary licking done Denise lowered her mouth onto the shoe as if she were trying to deep throat it! I could feel my pussy throb as I watched Denise's descent into depraved submission. I wanted to be her!
"That's enough my pet." Mistress Victoria instructed.
"Thank you, Goddess." Denise replied as she sat back on her heels.
"Do you want a taste slut?" I heard her ask.
"Yes, please Mistress!" I replied automatically.
"Pet," Mistress Victoria said without missing a beat, "kiss the slut, let her have a taste."
I was a bit shocked, I thought I would be licking her shoe. The next thing I knew Denise's hand was behind my neck roughly pulling my mouth to hers! Thankfully, my lips parted as Denise's tongue invaded my mouth. She wasn't kissing me; she was taking a kiss from me! I could feel her dislike, but it didn't matter, because her tongue still probed and swirled around mine leaving me breathless. She didn't release me until Mistress Victoria told her to do so!
"Thank you pet," Mistress Victoria said as she sat back in her chair, "that will be all for now."
"Thank you, Goddess." Denise replied as she quickly got to her feet and disappeared behind me.
The next few moments were filled with silence, I guessed until Denise left the room, then Mistress Victoria spoke again. As she did, she leaned forward, using her thumbnail to tease and torment my left nipple through the thin bra I had on.
"Denise is a very willing but very jealous sub" she said as she scraped my nipple with her thumbnail, "she certainly had no interest in kissing you, she doesn't like women after all, but she loves submission."
My mind raced. I didn't dare ask for clarification. Denise was straight? But she devoured my pussy juice from Mistress Victoria's shoe like it was the last liquid on earth! She'd kissed me without hesitation as well. I marveled at how a dominant woman could turn a straight woman into a bi-sexual sub!
"You two will get much closer soon," Mistress Victoria said as she pushed my nipple inward with her thumbnail, "much, much closer!"
"Thank you, Goddess." I almost whined.
My statement was met with sharp, searing pain on my left tit. She'd just slapped my tit so hard it left a red hand print.
"That is earned slut," she instructed as she lightly rubbed the slowly reddening hand pint on my chest, "just like my calling you pet instead of slut."
"Yes, Mistress Victoria." I replied meekly.
"Go enjoy your errands." Mistress said as she abruptly turned back to her desk leaving me feeling discarded by her chair.
"Yes, Mistress Victoria." I answered feeling as if she didn't hear me.
Quickly putting on my blouse and skirt I made my way to the office door. Denise barely raised an eyebrow as I entered her office space. I wondered if she knew just how close Mistress Victoria wanted us to be? She may have been feeling superior to me, and maybe she was, but I also knew she had the taste of my pussy in her mouth as she sat there ignoring my presence!
"Bye for now Denise." I quipped as I strode out of the office.
My confidence quickly waned as I made my way to the elevator. There were definite looks of disapproval as I made my way to the elevator, I wondered if the fresh and still burning hand print on my chest was visible above my button on my blouse. Standing at the elevator door I could see a few of the women on the floor look at me, then lean and speak to each other. I wondered if the tail was poking out below the skirt, but decided they were just prudes or jealous of how I was able to dress. When the elevator door opened it was a completely different story. Three men were in the elevator, having a heated discussion which came to an abrupt stop as me and my jiggling tits walked into the small space. As the door closed my mind raced to thoughts of a porn video I'd stolen from my brother's collection, a buxom blonde in an elevator with several men taking her every way possible. The thoughts made me feel light headed. The doors opened, another man got on, giving me a long look up and down as he stepped onto the elevator and giving a brief smirk. The elevator finally arrived at the lobby, as the doors opened, I stepped out of the somewhat crowded car.
"Shit, we missed our floor!" One of the gentlemen said behind me.
"Not so loud dick!" another hissed.
Taking several steps away from the elevator, with a renewed sense of confidence, I looked quickly over my shoulder. All four men had stepped out of the elevator to watch me walk away. All four then quickly ducked back into the elevator as they realized I'd caught them staring!
"Don't worry boys," I whispered to myself, "I'm not the type to go to HR."
Nick's car was right outside the door. Opening the door, I then had to figure out how to get into the low-slung car wearing my snug skirt and high heels. Flashing my tail was unavoidable at this point, so I did my best to lower my butt into the seat then swing my legs inside. Getting out wouldn't be any easier! Then again, after starting the engine and feeling the plug vibrate deep inside me, driving would also be a challenge! I managed to pull out of the garage, and after taking a quick look at the list, headed to pick up his dry cleaning. By the time I reached the dry cleaner I was hornier than I thought possible. The dry cleaner was on a one-way street, thankfully there was a parking space in the front. I parked so the car door would shield me a bit while I got out of the car, which took considerable effort given the fact my knees were above my hips as I got out. I walked into the small store, ringing the bell at the tiny counter.
"Just a moment." A voice called from behind a rather dated looking curtain.
A minute later an older gentleman appeared from behind the curtain, he lifted his glasses from the chain dangling them at his upper chest, putting them on then pausing for a moment as he saw me.
"Yes, my dear," he said surveying my upper body as I stood behind the counter from him, "how can I help you?"
"I'm here to pick up my bosses' dry cleaning," I replied as I handed him the ticket, "if you have a moment that is."
"It's not every day I get to help a beautiful lady," he replied with a gleam in his eye as he took the ticket, "now let me see." He held the button moving the large rack of clothing until he got close to the number on the ticket. "Ahh yes, Nicky-boy!" He said excitedly retrieving the items from the rack. "He does have the prettiest women working for him," he said as he turned back to me, "but you are by far the prettiest."
"Oh, thank you," I replied genuinely blushing and extending my hand, "I'm Alicia."
"I'm Rupert." He replied lightly taking my hand, bringing his lips to it. "Pleasure to meet you Lady Alicia." Rupert held my hand as he walked around the counter, holding the dry cleaning in his free hand. He had on a brown V-neck sweater, plaid shirt, and corduroys with a pair of well-worn dress shoes and stood practically eye to boob with me. "He's all set," Rupert continued as he led me to the door, "I'll walk you to your car."
"You're such a gentleman!" I said squeezing his hand.
"This used to be such a nice neighborhood," he said leading me to Nick's car and opening the door for me, "but I also used to be much taller, things change."
"I bet you were always a hit with the ladies!" I said truly enjoying the exchange as I stepped off the curb to the car.
"None were as pretty as you," his eye gleamed again as I slowly slipped in the driver's seat then swung my legs inside, "but I did my best."
Rupert seemed to take a moment to hang the dry cleaning in the back of the car, looking up I realized it wasn't because of his age but the fact that he was looking straight down my blouse. I couldn't blame him for looking, whether he was 70 or more he wasn't dead! He finally managed to hang the items in the back, then stepped from the door.
"If you need anything tailored," he said finally prying his eyes from my chest, "please think of me."
"Actually," I said feeling my own eyes gleam as inspiration struck, "I have this bathing suit, and no matter what I do the back has this excess material that is just unflattering."
"Feel free to bring it in," he had the wickedest little smirk telling me he was being a bit cagey about his way with the ladies when he was younger, "I'll have it fitting like a glove!"
"Could you turn it into a thong?" I asked feeling inspired by his reaction to me.
"Anything for you Lady Alicia." He replied as he closed the door.
I swear that on the way back to his little shop that gentlemanly little Rupert adjusted his crotch! Driving away I felt rather excited about the prospect, now I'd just have to go buy a bathing suit for him to tailor! I'd driven three blocks before I realized I hadn't looked at the list to see where I was going next! Thankfully I pulled up to a red light allowing me time to take a look. As I did, and tried to figure out which way to get there, I ended up glancing to my left. A gentleman in a moving truck was happily looking down my blouse as we waited for the light to change. When he finally looked up from my chest, which I made no effort to cover, I made sure to give him a wink and a slow lick of my upper lip as the truck pulled away. I was fairly positive I made his day, then I upset everyone behind me by cutting over the lane the truck was in and taking an illegal left toward my next stop. Luckily there was not a cop around. A few minutes later I pulled into a small old school garage and gas station. Nick's note she needed a state inspection, so I pulled up to a bay door which opened almost automatically. With the glare of the sun I had a hard time making out the mechanic's face but I could see him waving for me to drive the car in. Once inside I focused far more on his hands than anything else, he stopped me after I got the car in position between the large blue lifts. The garage door closed as my door opened.
"Well you look good enough to fuck," Jimmy said as he held the car door, "but you always look good enough to fuck!"
"That's because you always want to fuck me!" I replied swinging my legs out of the car.
Instead of helping, Jimmy watched with great amusement as I shifted and slid out of the car.
"Cute tail," he smirked, "how's that feel whisking behind you as you walk?"
"It's a good thing I'm not too ticklish," I replied managing to stand finally, "or I'd pee every ten steps or so! Speaking of which, is there a lady's room?"
"There's a toilet right over there," he said pointing while his eyes devoured me, "don't try to lock the door, it's broken."
"Thanks!" I replied awkwardly stepping around the lift and through the garage to the bathroom.
The well-worn knob didn't turn, the door was hollow and falling apart at the bottom, and the tile floor was easily as old if not older than Rupert! The toilet, referring to the entire room, was just as I'd expect, filthy. The walls were a yellowed shade of white covered with posters of scantily clad women strategically holding tools, the mirror seemed to be rotting out of the pitted metal frame, while the sink had spots worn through the enamel from the dripping faucets. I wiped down the seat, then realized that stepping out of my skirt may be my best bet as holding the skirt off the floor and my tail off everything else would take too much work and focus. Removing the skirt, I found a hook behind the door to keep it relatively safe. Barely a minute after I settled in to do my business Jimmy entered the cramped space, leaving the door open.
"You should take the blouse off too," he said as he leaned on the door knob, "his note may say he needs a state inspection, but he doesn't need it for three more months." My confused look must have given me away. "The errand you're here for is my cock!"
"He should have put that in the note," I replied as I unbuttoned my blouse, "I would have gotten here sooner!"
"That's why he didn't!" Jimmy chuckled as he undid his jeans.
Handing him my blouse, I then managed to step out of my panties, which he hung on the door knob. Flushing the toilet, I stood, at which point he descended on me, turning me around to face the wall then bending me until my lower back was practically parallel with the floor.
"How wet is my slut today?" He asked huskily.
"I'm fucking soaked!" I replied spreading my legs for him.
"That's what I thought," Jimmy said as he lifted my tail with his left hand before grabbing my hip, "but I like my sluts wet and ready!"
I was going to ask how many he had, or say something smart, but he pressed the head of his cock inside me and I lost the ability to focus. He pulled out entirely before pushing back inside me, tugging the tail upward which pushed the plug down against him, which sent me over the edge.
"I'm fucking cumming already!" I half moaned half screamed as it caught me by surprise.
Jimmy used my flood to lube the rest of his massive shaft, quickly burying himself inside me. Unlike his usual pounding, Jimmy took his time, fucking my pussy slowly while tugging the tail enough to the tip of the plug pressed against his rock-hard shaft. Leaning forward, his right hand moved up my chest to my throat as his mouth neared my ear.
"What kind of woman gets fucked in a filthy gas station bathroom?" he hissed.
"A slut!" I groaned leaning my torso into him to allow his cock better access.
"Beg me slut!" he said backing out enough so just the tip of his magnificent cock was inside me.
I fought valiantly, harnessing all my effort for all of 10 seconds before I caved to his will.
"Uhhhhhh FUCK!" I mewled. "Please Baby, please, fuck me!" I begged. "Fuck my pussy, it's yours! Fuck me til I fucking scream! Fuck me until I can't fucking scream anymore! Fuck me like the fucking FUCK SLUT I fucking am!"
"Ohhh, look at you," he chuckled from behind me, then rammed his cock into my pussy, "you suck cock with that mouth?"
"You fucking know I do!" I grunted. "Now fuck me so I can get that cock in my mouth and suck you dry!"
As usual Jimmy didn't disappoint! He immediately started pounding his cock into me, his hips loudly slapping into my ass, forcing me to brace myself with my elbows against the filthy wall. I didn't care, his cock could take me to places I'd never dreamed of before! Jimmy's cock seemed to rearrange my internal organs and stretch not only the width but length of my pussy. I knew his fucking would leave me sore, but also make me cum harder than I had since the last time he fucked me!
"OHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSS!" I screamed loudly, resting my head against the disgusting wall as my pussy quaked with a violent orgasm.
Just as I was coming down from my orgasm Jimmy slammed into me one more time before erupting himself. He was lifting me off the floor with his cock as he pulsated inside me, filling every crevice with his cum. I could feel him seeping out of me, taking my right arm off the wall I cupped it between my legs to catch it. Jimmy slipped his cock from my pussy, without a word I grabbed my tail with my left hand, spun, and knelt in front of him so he could feed me his wet cock.
"Such a well-trained slut you are." He said proudly.
My mouth was too occupied to answer. First, I took his length into my mouth, pressing my chin against his cum covered balls while licking him clean. Laying the tail over my leg, I lifted his shaft to lick his balls and inner thighs clean.
"You're very thorough," he chuckled, "just don't let that tail get dirty, I may have you wear it to the bar one night!"
"I don't usually wear enough to hide a tail hanging out of my butt!" I laughed as I released his cock.
"Who said I'd let you hide it?" He asked earnestly.
I trembled a bit from excitement but also from a massive aftershock brought on by the idea. My mind raced, would I wear a short skirt and panties like I had on? Maybe no panties? Tight fitting pants with a hole for my tail? Leather chaps, a thong and a tail? The ideas were endless, what I also knew is that I would be very, very popular! Jimmy helped me stand, the looked at the pool of cum in my right hand.
"Lunch?" He asked with a wry smile.
"I have a high protein diet," I replied with a wink, "good thing I get lots of workouts during the day!"
"Hang on one second," he said pulling out his phone, "okay you can go ahead now."
As if I didn't feel slutty enough, getting fucked in a gas station bathroom, wearing slutty lingerie, the fox tail butt plug, but now Jimmy was going to take photos of me devouring our bodily fluids. I embraced it, all of it, he'd brought out my inner slut and it had possessed me! While staring into the phone's tiny lens I lapped at the pool of cum with my tongue, pursed my lips and sucked from it, before tilting my hand up and pouring it into my mouth before licking my hand clean.
"Very nice!" Jimmy said dripping with pride. "While I hate to fuck and run," he said taking my skirt, panties and blouse out to the garage area, "my lunch is almost over. You'd better clean up before you go."
I wasn't sure why he was walking my clothes to Nick's car but it definitely meant I'd be walking through the garage in my lingerie, heels and tail. My make-up wasn't bad, which was a good thing because I didn't bring a bag with me, and either was my hair. I wiped a bit of drying cum from my chin, checking my face in the crusty old mirror. With really no other option I stepped out into the garage, where Jimmy waited one bay away.
"Hold this," he said handing me some kind of shiny silver air tool, "and stand over by that tool box." I did as he said wondering what he was doing. "Hold that in one hand in front of your pussy," he instructed as he produced a rather expensive looking camera, "then lift your tail with your other hand."
Jimmy walked me through an impromptu photo shoot while behind him cars pulled in and out of the gas station or passed by. Whether they could see me or not I wasn't sure, but it was exhilarating to be so bare with so many people all around! The last picture had me standing with my back to him, tail hanging straight down, with one foot up on a tool box drawer while I looked over my shoulder.
"That one's for Steve," he said with a smile, "you know how he loves your ass!"
"He loves every ass," I replied with a smirk, "he loves mine more because he gets to fuck it!" Jimmy nodded in agreement while putting his camera away. "So, what are all these pictures for?" I finally mustered the courage to ask.
"One will go on the bathroom wall," he said pointing to the bathroom we'd just fucked in, "there will be more than a few guys that will jack off looking at you!" That idea excited me as I reluctantly put on my crotchless panties. "Some select friends will get a calendar," he continued, "with you and a couple other girls on it." I shuddered at my image being hung up and stared at for a month or more! "And Nick will get them to share with his friends as well." He watched my reaction intently. "You probably didn't notice," Jimmy continued as I put on my blouse, "but the guy at the sex toy store has one of our calendars behind his counter and in his office."
"So, I'll know at least one or two guys rubbing one out," I said buttoning my blouse while feeling the tail tickle the backs of my legs, "to my image, then won't I?"
"Keep wiggling that ass like that," Jimmy said nodding toward the overhead doors behind me, "and the gas jockey will be rubbing one out to you much sooner than that!"
Looking over my shoulder I noticed the kid who had been working the gas pumps peering into the window with his hands cupped around his eyes. He moved his hips a bit to adjust his crotch, giving me a bit of inspiration. Stepping into my skirt, I kept it low around my ankles until I had both feet inside it. Giving Jimmy a wink, I bent forward as far as I could nice and slow, while keeping my legs out and sticking my butt directly toward the young peering man then slowly pulled my skirt up my legs.
"I think he just came!" Jimmy said with a chuckle.
"Another satisfied customer I guess!" I giggled while tucking my tail into the skirt so I could zip it up. "I should ask," I said looking over at Jimmy, "do I get to go now?"
"Yup," he replied with a smile, "I'm sure you have more errands to run!"
"Thank you!" I answered while walking carefully to the driver's door. "Oh, by the way," I started as I buckled the seat belt, "I'll need a couple of those calendars too."
"I'm sure we can work something out." Jimmy chuckled.
It took a bit to get into the car, as expected, but I managed. Jimmy opened the overhead door, allowing me to back out. The gas jockey was still by the other overhead door, watching me intently, and sporting a rather impressive bulge in his jeans. I decided to pull up to him, making sure my blouse was pulled out enough on the right side to afford him a clear look at my right boob.
"Hi Baby!" I said as I pulled up next to him.
"Hi." He sheepishly replied.
"Did you enjoy the view?" He was nodding yes before I even finished my question. "I hope you saw that Jimmy took pictures," his eyes lifted enough to stop at my exposed breast, "make sure he shares like a good boy!"
"Okay." He replied shifting his crotch through his jeans while shifting his feet nervously. "Can I uh," he stuttered a bit then continued, "how's that tail held in?"
I leaned toward the door, denying him a view of my boob while using my right index finger to summon him closer. He nervously leaned forward, eventually placing his hands on his knees to get close in the low car.
"There's a silver plug that it's attached to," I said in my best, most sultry voice, "that's in my ass driving me fucking wild!" He let out an audible groan finally meeting my eyes with his. "Plus, it tickles my legs when I walk," I said slowly sitting back into the driver's seat, "I wish I had more time; I could use another cock in me!"
Diving away I noticed he was still leaning forward but looking at the back of the car in shock! At the next light I looked at my list, I was now heading to Nick's house! While Jimmy's fucking had certainly taken care of any need I had, the 25-minute ride to Nick's brought the need back rather quickly. His house was what I expected, a large colonial with a perfectly manicured lawn and shrubs outside. The driveway led to the left side of the house where there was a two-car garage. I parked under an overhang connected to the house then stepped out of the car.
"Did you get my car inspected?" I heard Nick call from somewhere.
"It wasn't due for another three months!" I replied looking around for him.
"Oh, that's right," Nick laughed as he spoke, "but from the looks of it Jimmy had fun!"
"Yes, he did!" I replied finally realizing that he had one of those doorbells with a camera. "Then again so did I!"
"Apparently, within a couple minutes of you leaving," Nick said with his typical air of cockiness, "the kid pumping gas ran into the bathroom to take care of an issue he was having!"
"Blue balls?" I asked as I slowly walked around the car toward the camera.
"I'd say so," Nick chuckled, "take the skirt and blouse off, you'll rarely if ever wear clothing here."
"Yes Sir!" I replied undoing my blouse immediately.
"Hopefully you didn't get cum on your tail," Nick said as I removed my skirt, "Rupert can clean it but you'll be the one dropping it off!"
"I'm okay with that!" I replied tossing my skirt and blouse into his car. "He was a sweetheart!"
"He's also a dirty old man," Nick laughed loudly, "and don't let him fool you, he's sweet because he wants to fuck you!"
"Sweet little Rupert?" I replied feigning shock. "Who kissed my hand and looked down my blouse?"
"That's him!" Nick was still laughing as he spoke. "If he gets a chance, he's going to accidentally touch a boob!"
"What if I want him to do it deliberately?" I asked leaning forward to the little camera. "He did call me Lady Alicia after all!"
"That is up to you slut," his tone was a bit more serious, "from what I've heard he's a horny bugger!"
"Thanks to you," I replied squeezing my boobs together with my arms, "and Jimmy I'm a horny bugger too!"
"That you are!"
"By the way," I said as I turned to retrieve his dry cleaning, "I asked Rupert to fix a bathing suit for me!" I wished I could see his face for this conversation but it was too late. "I told him the back is unflattering and I need it fixed."
"Really?" he replied obviously intrigued. "Fixed how?"
"I asked him to turn it into a thong for me," I replied while approaching the camera again, "it seems most of the men in my life enjoy my ass bare!"
"He should enjoy that," Nick replied, "but he also does good work so it'll fit perfectly!"
"Great! I replied pulling out the key and opening the door to his house. "Oh, on my way home from work I have to pick up a bathing suit!"
"Slut!" he bellowed as I closed the door behind him.
"Hello!" I said as I answered my phone seeing Nick's face pop up on the screen.
"Did you really tell him you need to alter a bathing suit you don't even own yet?" He asked through the screen.
"YUP!" I replied proudly. "Now where do you want your dry cleaning?"
"My bedroom is up the stairs," he said raising an eyebrow at me, "on the right-hand side."
There was something decadent about sauntering around your bosses' home in your lingerie. I made sure to hold the phone low enough that my face was in view just over my chest, which he seemed to enjoy.
"Are you really going to fuck my dry cleaner?" He eventually asked.
"Would it make you feel better if I just sucked him off?" I asked without looking down.
"That's not really what I'm saying."
"If you think about it," I responded, "this weekend I could have had sex with any number of guys, you sent me to see Jimmy knowing he was going to fuck me in a gas station bathroom, but you're concerned about sweet old Rupert fucking me?"
"You do have a point." He replied.
I hung his dry cleaning up in his closet, then setting the phone down on his dresser, I walked around his bedroom taking it all in. His bedroom was half the size of my apartment! he even had a set of doors leading out to a private balcony.
"Is anyone going to see me if I head out here?" I asked.
"Not unless the landscaper is still there." He replied.
I opened both doors with zero concern! If they were there, I wanted them to see me! His back yard was the size of my apartment building's parking lot, but perfectly manicured with luscious green grass and a large in ground pool. It was liberating to stand outside dressed as I was! I could feel the cool outside air embracing my body, the sun shining on me as I stretched my hands to the sky. No one was within sight. Returning to the bedroom I wondered when I'd get to spend a weekend naked in his backyard!
"When's the office pool party?" I asked with a wry smile.
"I'll let you know," Nick replied returning to his cocky self, "I'm expecting a delivery soon, I'll need you to get dressed so you can meet the driver."
"Oh, do I have to?" I whined.
"What? Meet the driver?" He asked.
"No silly," I replied closing the balcony doors, "get dressed!"
"I'll let you decide," Nick replied, "you're the one with the tail in your ass!"
"Speaking of which," I started as I picked up the phone, "you may need to get me more of these!"
"You like it that much huh?"
"It's not like I need a lot of help getting horny these days," I said walking down the stairs, "but it sure as fuck helps!"
"I bet it does!" He replied. "After you sign for the package you can come back to work."
"I was hoping so," I said walking through the kitchen back toward his car, "I'm probably going to need a spanking and a fucking!"
"Why is that?" He asked.
As I stepped outside into the vestibule where his car was located, I could hear the delivery truck pull into the driveway and stop near the front door. I quickly placed the phone on a column within view of the front then walked across the front lawn as the driver approached the front door. I could hear Nick speaking behind me but couldn't make out what he was saying. While I couldn't see his neighbors from the front of the house, I could see the occasional car pass by. The driver's eyes almost fell out of his head when he saw me approaching.
"I'll sign for that Sweetie." I said as I confidently approached.
"Uh, yeah, okay." He replied almost tripping his way down the front porch steps. "Sign right here please."
Even though I didn't have to, I leaned forward a bit to squeeze my boobs together as I signed the electronic tablet. Handing it back to him I gave him a wink then took the small box from his hand. Without a word I turned and walked back the way I came, making sure my ass and tail swayed with each step.
"Excuse me," he called out after me, "umm, what's the name I put down as the signer?"
"Vixen of course!" I answered scooping my tail up with my left hand starting at my ass then letting it feed through my fingers until it fell back behind me.
"Thank you!" He replied.
I blew him a quick kiss then headed off to retrieve my phone. Nick's mouth was wide open, causing me to giggle as I turned the corner back to his car. The driver pulled out, taking his turn late to get one last glimpse of me as he left. I gave him a friendly wave then returned to Nick, who was still speechless.
"What's in the box?" I asked as I set it in the passenger's seat of his car. "Vibrating anal beads for that someone special?
"Maybe," he replied with a chuckle, "or maybe that will be part of your Christmas bonus!"
"Sex toys are a holiday favorite!" I giggled in response as I pulled on my blouse. "Where's my next stop?"
"You're coming back to work," he replied with a wry smirk, "I'll leave a few things out in the bathroom for you."
"Yes Sir!" I replied feeling a chill scamper down my spine to my pussy.
Once I finished getting dressed, I slipped into the car and headed back to the office. The drive was just under 30 minutes, which had me very ready for anything when I arrived. It probably helped that as I drove, I lightly teased my nipples with my free hand. The lobby was empty, with the exception of the security guard, who gave me a lengthy look up and down as I walked into the building and waited for the elevator. The disapproving looks bounced off me as I walked through the floor to my office, I needed cock and it was close! Damn close! Once inside my office I walked straight to the bathroom, the door to Nick's office was closed this time, but wouldn't be for long. The yellow post-it-note on the vanity told me all I needed to do. Following the instructions to the letter I eventually walked into Nick's office ready for him. My ass was freshly cleaned out and coated with enough silicone lube to allow him to slip easily inside me. The bra and garterbelt were gone, leaving me in the extra-long stockings and tall heels.
As I entered the office Nick was on his phone sitting behind his desk. He signaled for me to remain quiet by putting his index finger to his pursed lips. Still approaching him I nodded and licked my lips at the realization that he was naked from the waist down! He was also hard as a rock! As I went to kneel, he stopped me, signaling for me to turn around. I wasn't going to blow him while he was on the phone, I was going to ride him! Nick spread his legs, allowing me to lower myself onto him while he guided his cock into my ass. Biting my lip, I moaned as quietly as I could while he penetrated me. I only had to lift myself once to get him lubed enough to be able to take his entire cock inside me. Nick then took his right hand, pulling my leg over his, before swapping which hand his phone was in and doing the same to my left leg. Now, because of the position of my legs, I couldn't do much aside from grind my ass into his cock! And grind I did!
"Alright Buddy," I barely heard Nick say behind me, "sounds like a plan, I'll see you Saturday."
He tossed his cell phone onto the desk, allowing me to let out a deep groan. "Coming to the bar on Saturday?" I asked as he pulled me back so my back was against his chest.
"I'm golfing with a few friends," Nick replied while his hands glided over my torso to my chest, "want me to bring them by after?"
When he asked this Nick's, fingers tugged lightly on my nipples, rolling them slightly as well. "Yesss!" I groaned loudly.
His mouth was near my ear, as I desperately arched my back to try to work his cock with my ass. His voice husky, his hands knowing exactly where to touch me. I hooked my heeled feet behind his legs, anything to try to gain leverage as I fucked him with my ass. My hands went to my pussy, with two fingers inside me and my hand furiously rubbing my clit, I was ready to explode.
"Oh no you don't!" Nick hissed as he pulled my hands away, shoving them behind my back then grabbing my tits again. "You were a slutty little bitch today," he hissed, "teasing the truck driver, talking about fucking Rupert, and the rest," I mewled as I felt my orgasm slowly dissipate from reality, "you get to cum when I tell you that you can cum!"
"Yes Sir!" The desperation in my voice filled the room.
"Now fuck me with that ass of yours!"
My body burned from the twisting and turning I was doing while trying to make him cum inside me. It was like the most fucked up yoga I'd ever done but soon I was covered in perspiration.
"Struggling slut?" His cockiness aggravated yet excited me more.
"Yesssss," I replied, my voice breaking giving away my desperation, "please fuck me, and let me cum!"
"We have a charity golf event," he grunted as he started thrusting from under me, "you'd be on a golf tee on your own, secluded." He was going to use my horniness against me, I'd readily agree to anything at this point! "Only certain guys would know the truth," his hands were back at my nipples tormenting me further, "they'd be allowed to take certain liberties with you. Sound fun?"
"FUCK YES!" I practically screamed.
"Upper management retreat in a couple months?"
"Anything!" I growled, "I'll do anything, fuck anyone, suck anyone, just fuck me and let me cum!"
His hands moved my legs from around his, I planted them on the floor gaining the ability to finally ride him a few more inches. He pushed my upper body forward, now with my hands on his desk I could really fuck him! My body slammed into his as fast as I could move it. His hands moved up my back, grabbing two handfuls of my hair, which he used to pull me into him then help him stand up. It hurt like hell, but the relief I was going to feel soon was worth it. Now with him standing I was able to free a hand from the desk and rub my clit with manic intensity while he fucked me with intensity I'd never felt before. He really was trying to fuck me out of my heels!
"I'm going to fucccckkkkiiinnnggggg cum so hard!" My voice was deeper, guttural as I clenched my teeth.
His left hand released my hair, clamping over my mouth, as he pushed into me one last violent time leaving me standing on my toes in 5 1/2" heels. My scream was muffled by his hand as my orgasm hit my pussy like a lightning bolt. Tears streamed down my face as my orgasm seemed to burst through me in wave after wave of intensely painful pleasure. Just when I thought I was done his surging cock exploded inside me renewing the extreme orgasm I was savoring. I heard, and felt, and uncontrollable torrent of fluid vacate my body as I squirted all over the floor behind his desk. If it weren't for his tight grip on me and his cock in my very sore ass I'd have collapsed. Nick lowered my torso slowly, until as much of my upper body as I could manage laid on his desk.
"That was intense." He panted as he spoke.
"Well I've been horny all day," I huffed still feeling my heart pounding in my chest, "then someone decided to tease me more and not let me cum!"
"It was worth it!" He replied giving my ass a smack. "Now hold still."
Nick pulled his tired cock from my ass, leaving me quivering on his desk unable to stand. I couldn't even lift my head to see where he'd gone. A moment later I felt his hand on my ass, I couldn't even muster the energy to jump. However, when he pushed a cold butt plug inside me, I quickly stood up, puckering my ass and squeezing my legs tightly.
"Holy shit!" I howled. "Warn a girl next time would you!?!"
"I'll try to keep that in mind!" he replied with a loud laugh as he sat back in his chair.
I'd become accustomed to my body instinctively knowing what was needed. Without a second thought I slipped to my knees between his outstretched legs and began licking and sucking his cock clean.
"You seem to really enjoy this part." He moaned softly while my tongue swirled around his balls.
"There's something deliciously slutty about this," I replied earnestly, "I mean, what's sluttier than sucking a cock that has just been in your ass?"
"Hmmmm," he responded playfully feigning deep thought, "doing it while another cock fills your ass?"
"That was this past Saturday," I giggled then flicked the head of his cock a few times with my tongue, "and there was still a cock in my pussy when it happened!"
"Sounds like someone was very full!" Nick moaned softly as he spoke while I took his flaccid cock into my mouth.
"What made it better," I said after releasing him with a pop, "was that I was wearing just fishnet stockings and thigh high boots!"
"A true slut outfit!" He chuckled. "Why don't you go clean up," he took my hand helping me to my feet as I cleaned up, "I do have work I need to do occasionally."
"Good luck getting work done," I replied as I slowly turned away from him, "while you watch me shower!"
I wasn't going to make it easy on him either, I slowly sauntered to the bathroom, giving him as much hip sway as I could manage along the way. Rather than taking off my heels directly, I put one up on the toilet seat to undo the ankle strap then slowly rolled the stocking down to my ankle before moving to the other one. A quick peek in his direction told me I was having the desired effect! He was moving paperwork with his hands but barely looking at it. I finally stepped out of my heels, and removed my stockings so I could shower. The water was hot within a minute of my turning it on. I made sure it wasn't so hot that the glass doors steamed up, I didn't want his view blocked. Being careful not to get my hair wet I made sure I was facing him as I soaped up my chest, which took considerably longer than normal. Again, I turned, this time as I washed my ass. I could see out of the corner of my eye; I had his undivided attention.
"I never noticed!" I said after opening the glass door so he could hear me better. "The shower head comes off the wall," I said excitedly as I took it off the hook, "and has massage settings! How fun!" I could see him shifting in his seat at my provocative display. "Ohhh, that's the setting right there," I said picking one that had the stream of water pulsing in rapid succession, "let's try this out." Pulling the hand held showerhead up I pointed the stream directly at my left nipple, holding it several feet away just in case it was too strong. "Ohhhhhhhh, that's nice!" I cooed as I moved the stream around my nipple, then over to the other one.
Looking up again I could see Nick wasn't going to get any work done any time soon! I raised an eyebrow, then gave him a wink, as I lowered the stream down my torso, across my abdomen, and beyond. I let out a giggle as the stream tickled my belly button, but my giggle was long gone by the time I spread myself open with my left hand. There was a definite art to the showerhead, maybe next time I'd turn the pressure down slightly, but this would definitely work. I couldn't be bothered watching Nick anymore, my eyes focused on my pussy, as I directed the wonderful pulsating stream where I needed it to be. Where I'd just had a painfully massive orgasm not that long ago it didn't take much to get close. My hips rolled with the stream, which felt like a tongue rhythmically beating my clit, my mouth opened as my breathing combined with a low moan.
"Ohhhhhhhhh I'm gonna cum!" I whimpered flashing another look at Nick.
Obviously, this was not the first time I'd ever masturbated, or even the first time with an audience. This was a live audience though. Nick watched intently, as I stared at him throughout my orgasm. It made it that much more intense! I was beginning to get used to, and almost feed on these intense orgasms. They were probably the reason I was constantly horny. I'd just had one a few minutes ago and now was having one almost as powerful. I leaned against the shower wall, almost dropping the showerhead in the process, panting to catch my breath.
"Mmmm, that was interesting." I said weakly as I shut the water off.
"It looked it," Nick said adjusting his crotch behind his desk, "now you need to get dressed so I can really do some work." I blushed deeply at his words. "Don't make me fire you!"
"Yes Sir!" I replied flashing him a wicked smile.
I dried off quickly, picking out fresh lingerie to put on. In a few minutes time I was back at my desk attempting to act like a respectable office assistant. I didn't succeed for very long though, as I soon found myself back in the picture sharing folder. There were now images of me, images from today even! Nick had uploaded pictures of my greeting the delivery guy at his house, my wandering around his home with my fox tail swinging, and even a video of my orgasm in the shower as well as my massive orgasm as he fucked me at his desk. It was embarrassing yet exhilarating to see the videos posted. Looking around the folder a bit more I found a counter, allowing me to see how many times the pictures or video had been viewed. Both videos had already been viewed 20 times, meaning 19 other people had watched me lose my mind when I came!
I wondered who they 19 were, Nick was surely 1, but who were the rest? It was interesting to think of who they could be. Obviously, the normal visitors to Nicks office were included in that bunch, but there were not 18 of them and some of them had no interest in the antics of an office slut. That meant there were strange men, or women, who I could walk by on a daily basis, saw me at my most intimate moments. The anonymity of the viewers was exciting yet scary. The next guy I walked by on my way to my car in the parking garage could be looking at me because my tits were jiggling or my heels were high, or he could be looking at me because he'd watched me orgasm and collapse on Nick's desk! I may never know who all 18 were! And just like that, I was wet and horny again!