© Literocat 2011
Several more party guests had already left. The rest were actually relieved at Nixon's subtly implied promise not to harm her. Some relaxed enough to find her planet-wide exposure arousing. If Nixon can be trusted, I can relax a little too and believe she is at least safe from harm. Humiliated for life, maybe, but safe. That was a huge and risky 'IF'. Remaining calm and protecting her from the worst possibilities was getting harder and harder. JFK and FDR held Sue's legs apart with their legs. Their fingers cruelly traced her pulsing pussy, swollen clit and open, wet, pink hole for portrait perfect closeups. Nixon bit her nipple hard, leaving deep teeth marks and a drop of blood, before telling his raging story.
*
"Hubby may already know this, but her friends and the 48,000 new viewers may not. Here's why I'm so pissed at her. She'd start as soon as you, her deluded husband, dropped her at the subway, often loosening her skirt or unbuttoning her blouse. I noticed her for several days before she first stood over me. By then, she'd already teased a few men and a woman. When they didn't respond as she wanted, she moved on. Almost as soon as she picked her spot near me on the crowded train, she started teasing.
"That first time, after declining my seat, she further unbuttoned and bunched up her shirt. The bottom of her dressy shirt was wrapped high around her ribs and one button held it sort of closed, below her bra. I guess she liked my reaction since she then hiked up her skirt and exposed her tiny panty to me and several others seated nearby. Then she bent far over while scrunching her shoulders to force some cleavage to appear and make her tiny tits look bigger and rounder. Since I had already been watching her and knew she'd move on if I didn't play with her, I knew I had to molest her right away. Yet I hesitated a minute. Finally, when I couldn't stand it a second more, I cautiously stroked her exposed thighs and she didn't resist. Blaming the crowds, I guess, for pushing or crowding her, she straddled my legs and leaned against my seat. She moved close enough that I could smell her steaming snatch and couldn't do anything about it. As if daring me, she laughed at my squirming. I responded to her taunting and slid my hands up her thighs, bumped and slid both thumbs along her wet snatch. And finally, being sure to raise the back of her skirt above her waist so others could check out her ass, I wrapped my hands around her muscular cheeks. She groaned, pulled away and left abruptly.
"One day, using the crowd to block for me, I slid my hands all the way up her loose dress. She jumped a little, but then leaned closer, her shins against my seat, her hips arched forward toward my face. Her eyes and smile said 'It's about time!'. I cupped her firm ass, circled around her mons, and pulled her panties down to her skirt hem. The panty crotch hung, exposed, below her hem. She barely looked around. Since, at that time, I still thought she wanted to stay covered, I was careful not to expose her to everyone. We know better now! I fingered her back crack, rubbed her winking brown hole, then her front gash. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back- still no objections. What do you think of miss innocent now?"
"I don't believe you. This sounds like a fantasy in your head." Actually, I did believe she'd go that far. I accepted her flashing and wildness, but her lying to me by not sharing details of her adventures was more disturbing. THAT was a breach of trust. I could only hope we'd have a chance to discuss it later.
"When I slipped my thumb then two more fingers in her plump, wet pussy, she squatted on them. The noisy train drowned out her squishing snatch for all but me and my friend next to me. He slid a hand up her dress and against her swollen, dripping lips then slipped a finger in her pussy next to mine. She loved it. Like a standing appointment, she was in the same car every morning at the same time. I guess she liked our fingers inside her. Soon, she stopped wearing panties for us. Sometimes my friend finger fucked her ass while my fingers fucked her pussy. She climaxed every day, as quietly but not as subtly as possible. She knew many in the crowd were watching her. We all knew!
"One day she came with a snug skirt. She stood with her feet between each of our legs, with hers spread wide. Her skirt climbed as she opened her legs wider for us. Stockings, garters and no panties were not uncommon either. After two weeks of finger fucking her holes daily, I still hadn't seen her fuzzy pussy! Before we even touched her that day, she was breathing hard. She moaned pleadingly, swung her hips and made her skirt climb teasingly higher. It went above her stockings and we saw her wetness glistening on her thighs. Each time she dipped her hips she taunted us some more. When we saw her ass and bits of her pussy, we plunged deeply into her holes again. From then on, we didn't try to hide her from anyone else.
"I couldn't tell if she liked that more or not. By then we knew she wanted to get publically fucked and didn't care what else she wanted. She gave us her pussy to fiddle as we liked, so that was a promise to fuck us. She still hadn't spoken a single word to us. When she wore a loose dress, I pulled it over my head and pressed my face against her fragrant raphe. When she wore a tight skirt, I just pulled it up to her waist quickly. No fanfare, just bare ass/cunt naked. Either way, I put my tongue in her too. All this during morning rush hour! Once she got away with being bottomless for the ride, she started hanging around my neck. That put her tits in my face, so I fished them out of her flimsy bras. My friend took one while I sucked and bit the other. Bent over as she was, her bare ass was in the face of another friend who enjoyed sniffing, fingering and rimming it. Very often, when I reached around her, I found a random hand stroking her bare ass or poking her asshole. Some of those were female. Once, I found a hard cock parked in her ass crack.
"From then on, all she wore was a dress, or skirt and blouse, with no underwear. For a few days, she bent right over and let me compress her clothes to a crumpled belt. In fact, she INSISTED. Until then we were careful not to damage her clothes. Soon, we watched her squeeze thru the crowd to get to us while compressing her clothes herself so she was naked before she reached us. She was already breathing hard and wild eyed! We started to pick other seats so she had to hunt for us. She did. Even so, as soon as she spotted us, she began stripping in the crowd."
How could he not figure out that if she WANTED to fuck him, she'd have done it by then? Doing it on a public train, in a crowd, would add to the thrill for her. "Really? And all that time, she never touched or exposed your dicks? I don't believe you. What do you want from me?" I wouldn't put it past her to be so publicly blatant. Still, hiding this from me was a violation of the extended trust to which we'd agreed. She already had my permission, yet she still chose to 'cheat' and lie. Forbidden fruit?
"Oh, she touched our dicks. She unzipped us, pushed her hand in our pants and jerked us off. We started going commando to make it easier for her. She'd grin madly when we spewed, then lick our cum off her hands, but she wouldn't expose our cocks. THAT seemed to embarrass her. We often left the train with big wet spots in our pants thanks to her. She knew we'd have fucked all her holes right there on the train if she pulled our stiff cocks out. You know, I STILL didn't mind anything about our play times.
"The last time she came to us, we pushed her a little harder. When she had all her clothes around her waist, we all pulled down the sweat pants we wore that day. She froze, naked above three swollen, exposed cocks. For a minute, she just stared and couldn't decide what to do. She reached out, but before touching us, she bolted. So after MONTHS of satisfying her to orgasm during rush hour, she stopped showing up. We were ready to stick our dicks in her, as I'm sure she wanted, and she stopped meeting us.
"Tossed aside, demeaned, dicks exposed to all, we were all pissed at your cock teaser. It took us many weeks to find her again. When she saw us, she literally snubbed us - nose stuck up and all! We followed her to work, learned her name and found her home. Now we take what she denied us. We want it in the most humiliating way there is and if this isn't it, we'll keep trying! When we're done with her spent pussy we'll leave her naked somewhere public."
"So you weren't satisfied with finger fucking my wife or getting a hand job from her. THAT sparked your mindless retaliation? Remember the sage advice 'When planning revenge, first dig two graves.' Think about it. You've already embarrassed her. I think she likes showing her body to people she knows. Yet she's embarrassed if strangers, who she may never meet again, see her naked. So how does this make sense? I think you're right about her control problem. That explains the appeal of the subway show. Why not stop here? Send her out the door now - naked. Let her walk in public, with no control, with her hands tied behind her. Isn't that more than enough punishment for her high crime? Now I'm pissed at her too, so wait an hour before you tell me where you drop her." Would he buy my feigned anger at her?
In answer, he forced Sue to roll to her side and strain against the coarse ropes. After removing the ball gag, he untied her wrists. This wasn't an act of kindness. After sitting her up, he pealed the last of her clothes off her back and down her arms. He taunted her with her expensive, de-buttoned blouse for a few seconds. Grinning maniacally, he shredded the last garment inches from her face. Finally, he tied her arms together behind her back. Sue was completely naked and her forearms were laced together at mid back. He cruelly pinched and pulled her nipples, but she refused to give him the satisfaction of screaming out though her tumescent nipples betrayed her arousal. He shoved her back onto the bed and laughed at the way her tiny tits rebounded.
Nixon positioned the cam so we could see the plunging fingers of two men invade her pussy while a third shoved two dry fingers deep into her ass. "Not good enough!" He greased his finger in her pussy too then rapidly replaced the hand in her ass and rushed deep into her asshole. Sue screamed. Blood dripped from her back hole to the bed. Sue wasn't resisting any longer. She moaned in pain when she felt three fingers stretch her snatch and moaned again when she felt the ass invasion. Nixon brutally poked her ass several times until she loosened her round muscles. He rubbed an aloe lotion into her rectum and she looked up into his eyes and meekly thanked him for the cool balm.THANKED HIM!Even if it were an act of kindness, why would she show gratitude?
"Don't thank me yet bitch." He dropped his pants and shorts, roughly pushed a finger back in her pussy then wiped her juices on his dick. I knew where this was going! He untied her ankles and tossed them onto his shoulders. This looked more repugnant than all he'd already done. Sue screeched in pain as he savagely forced his dick head into her ass. I noticed a mark on his balls, a jagged scar. The next time it was visible, I took a screen shot. This is evidence to ID this creep later. He kept pressing until he popped past her inner ring then angrily pushed his revenge weapon into her until his pubes harshly flattened her cushy little ass. Each time his shaft withdrew, we all saw a narrow blood streak along the right side of his rod. "Are you watching this hubby? Are her friends?"
"Yes, we are. The world of strangers is watching. You don't seem to be enjoying my wife's ass." Sue never said she fantasized about rough sex against her will. If that's another lie, it's biting her on the ass, and tits, this very moment! "Are you sure this is what you want?"
=================================
Part 3 has her punished for her high crimes and betrayal.
===================================/\_/\( ~ ~ )> * < Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks....
=============== 2227 words ==Submitted 12/6/11