We rounded the corner onto Broadway and saw the stretch of clubs that Sam was talking about. One in particular had a sign out front that said "Amateur Night". As if she was a moth being drawn to a flame, Sam headed straight for the front door.
We stepped inside, paid the cover charge and then into the club. The music was loud and the room was abuzz with activity. At the center of the room was a long stage that was attached to the back wall and came out about two thirds of the way toward the door. On either side of it were smaller stages that only came out about ten feet or so from the back wall. The two side stages had a single pole, while the main stage had six poles.
The two side stages were currently unoccupied. On the main stage was a young lady who was probably barely old enough to get in the door. She had a small group of friends at the end of the stage who were cheering her on. She was obviously already inebriated, as she was having trouble staying balanced, even though she was barefoot and holding onto one of the poles. Her t-shirt had been tossed to the edge of the stage and she now stood there, trying to sway to the music, wearing her bra and a pair of denim shorts. She had long, brown hair that hung down to her shoulder blades and was pulled back on the sides with plastic barrettes that would look more appropriate on a seven year old.
Sam led us through the crowd and found a booth about halfway down the left wall. We slid into the booth and were quickly welcomed by a nice looking woman whom I guessed probably spent part of her shift waiting tables and part of it on the stage. She took our drink orders and was off again.
The crowd of friends managed to give the young lady on stage some courage so that she unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts and let them drop to the stage, revealing a pair of red bikini-cut panties. Her mismatched light pink lacy bra showed that she may have possessed A-cups, if she was lucky. The removal of her shorts triggered a cheer from her friends and one or two men seated next to the stage. A few dollars were tossed on the stage for encouragement.
She glanced down and noticed the money and began to see the possibility of making money as well as having some fun. She moved further back on the stage, to the next pole and turned her back to the majority of her audience. She reached behind her and unclasped her bra, slid her arms out and then tossed it over her shoulder toward her friends. She turned around, holding her hands over her breasts and walked back to the other pole. She put her back against the pole and then swung her arms out to her sides, presenting her tiny titties to the audience who cheered her on.
She started to sway to the music again, trying to find a rhythm to dance to, but wasn't coordinated enough to do so. So, she turned and grabbed the pole with both hands and walked around it a couple of times, picking up speed. Finally, she took a few quick steps and raised her feet in an attempt to spin around the pole. She managed to make one full trip around before she landed on her rear on the floor. Undaunted, she quickly stood up again, grabbed onto the pole with both hands, leaned back and made about three rotations around the pole before stopping, standing up straight and latching both hands over her mouth as her face turned several shades of green. She was quickly headed to the back of the stage and disappeared through the curtain. Her friends collected her clothes and money from the stage and one of them headed backstage to check on her.
Still laughing at her drunken antics, Sam and Kat excused themselves to the ladies room. While they were gone, the waitress stopped by again to see if we needed anything. Unsure what the girls would want, I ordered their appetizer sampler, figuring that everyone would be able to find at least one thing that they could eat off of the plate.
As the girls headed back to our table, they got stopped by the club DJ. It was obvious, by their gestures and body language that he was asking if they would be participating in amateur night. After a few minutes, the girls continued back to the table.
"Was he trying to talk you into dancing tonight?" I asked them.
"Yeah, but I don't think so." Kat replied.
"I don't know. We'll have to see how the night goes." Sam added.
About the time that our appetizers arrived, the DJ announced another dancer. She was going by the name of Candy. As she stepped out onto stage, I recognized that she had been sitting with a guy a few booths down from us. When she had left the table, she was wearing a black t-shirt with some type of skull and crossbones logo on the back and a pair of jeans that had seen better days. On stage, she was wearing a pair of cut off denim shorts that let her ass peek out and a men's plaid shirt that she had tied in a knot just under her tits. They had also given her a well worn cowboy hat that didn't quite seem to go with the rest of the outfit, but I suppose that wasn't the point.
The man that she was with now sat about halfway down the stage and watched as she strutted out. She was probably once a nice looking lady, but her skin showed too many signs of spending too much time either in the sun or in a tanning bed for my tastes.
The DJ started to play some upbeat country song and she began to move around the stage, moving from pole to pole and trying to focus on each of the guys who was seated at the stage. It was obvious that this was probably not her first amateur night or her first time on the pole. She had soon attracted a dozen or so guys to the edge of the stage and they were tossing the occasional dollar bills in her direction. After a few minutes, she dropped the shorts and revealed her little black thong underneath.
She did draw a fairly decent crowd to the stage, but, in my opinion, she wasn't as hot as she thought that she was.
As we were watching her dance, Sam glanced back toward the DJ, who was looking in our direction. He gestured that he thought that she should go up and dance.
The woman in the farm girl outfit continued to dance for another five minutes or so and was stripped down to just her thong. She had managed to bring in about a hundred dollars from the looks of the stage, before she picked up her clothes and her money and headed backstage.
The stage was empty for at least fifteen minutes when the DJ got Sam's attention again. He motioned her back to talk to him. She walked back to his stand and stood talking to him for several minutes. At one point, she pointed in our direction and then held her hands up in front of her chest, indicating to me that she was talking about Kat's big boobs. After another minute or two, Sam motioned for Kat to join her at the DJs stand. So, the three of them talked for a few minutes. At one point, the girls stepped back from the stand, turned their backs to the DJ and raised the back of their skirts, showing their bare asses to him. Kat walked back to our table, leaned forward across the table, gave me a kiss on the lips and with a bit of embarrassment and a naughty look on her face said, "We'll be back out in a few minutes."
"On stage?" I asked.
"Maybe..." she said as she turned and walked away.
It was probably another five or ten minutes before the DJ announced them.
"Now, coming to the stage. Two beautiful ladies who are here to entertain you this evening. This should really be something special that I think that you'll enjoy... Cream and Sugar."
With that, the girls came through the curtain to the beat of techno music.
The girls were both dressed in schoolgirl outfits with their hair pulled up in pigtails. Sam wore a lacy little white bra, a green and blue plaid mini skirt with suspenders, knee high stockings and black high heel shoes. Kat wore a thin, white men's shirt that was tied under her breasts, a red plaid mini skirt, white thigh high stockings and red high heels.
They hadn't made it halfway down the stage when the seats started to fill up along the sides of the stage. I left the table and got myself a seat near the end of the stage. Sam moved right out to the pole at the far end of the stage and began moving herself around to the music. Kat held back at the second pole and was just stepping around the pole, trying to figure out what to do next, obviously out of her comfort zone.
Several dollars had already fallen at Sam's feet. She leaned with her back against the pole, raised her left leg and unhooked her shoe and put it on the floor, before doing the same with the right one. She then moved back to Kat and held her by the waist and started trying to dance with her. She turned Kat so that she had her back to me, then slid her hands down and flipped the back of Kat's skirt up to show her ass to me and then gave me a big smile.
Sam let go of Kat and turned toward the end of the stage, reached to the front of her bra and unhooked the clasp. The crowd began to cheer. She held a cup in each hand and then quickly whipped it open and let it slide off her shoulders. She tossed the bra toward the back of the stage and then began to prance around the pole closest to me. Kat continued to dance around, watching Sam's show. After a few trips around the pole, Sam stopped and reached for the zipper on her skirt. She held the zipper in her hand and called out, "What do you think guys? Should I lose the skirt?"
The crowd erupted in approval.
She slid the zipper down, let the skirt slide to her ankles and then flung it out over my head. She pranced around the pole one more time and then headed back to Kat. I could hear her say, "Now, it's your turn."
Kat just gave her a nervous smile. Sam leaned over and gave Kat a kiss on the lips, which got a reaction from the growing crowd around the stage.
I couldn't hear what Sam asked, but I could see Kat mouth the word, "Bottoms."
Sam reached down and unzipped Kat's skirt and let it drop to the floor. Kat got her shoes untangled from the skirt and kicked it toward the back of the stage, out of the way. Sam leaned over and whispered something in Kat's ear and then moved back to the first pole. Sam turned so that she faced the pole and slid her hands down until she had her ass stuck out toward the guys on the right side of the stage.
On the second pole, Kat mirrored Sam's position, but with her ass to the left side of the stage.
The both began to shake their asses and thighs to the music. The dollars began to fly.
They stood up again and Kat turned and looked at me. Her face was red either from embarrassment or from the movement. I held a dollar up and she walked over toward me. She reached down to take it from me, but I said, "No, I want to tuck it."
She turned her hip toward me and I reached up and slid the dollar into the waistband of her thong. She was surprised when the hands around me popped up, offering their own dollar bills. Sam was taking up a donation of her own on the other side of the stage.
Sam turned and looked toward the back of the room and realized that both sides of the stage were now filled with men, and a few women, who were enjoying their show. She turned to Kat and said, "Time to work the rest of the stage for a few minutes."
They pranced their way up the stage, stopping occasionally at a pole to shake their asses or dance around a bit. The crowd was tucking dollars like crazy. Their waistbands were soon full of singles. They worked their way back down the stage and once again stopped near the last two poles. Sam moved around behind Kat and put her hands on Kat's hips. The two of them gyrated in sync with each other and with the music.
Sam reached around to the front of Kat's shirt and slipped her fingers into the knot that held her shirt together. The crowd began to cheer. She pulled and managed to get the first half of the knot undone.
Putting her finger in behind the second part of the knot, she asked the crowd, "Do you want to see them?"
The crowd cheered and yelled "YES!"
"Show me how much you want to see them!" Sam yelled.
Several more dollars flew onto the stage.
Kat looked down at the stage and then said, "I think that you can do better than that!"
Another fifteen or twenty singles were tossed onto the stage.
Focusing on one man at the end of the stage, a few seats down from me, Kat looked down and said, "Aren't they worth more than a few singles?"
He smiled back.
"Do you want to see them?" She asked him.
"Yes, I do." he answered.
"How much do you want to see them?"
The man put his handful of ones back into his shirt pocket, pushed his chair back and stood up. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. He pulled a bill from his wallet, closed it and put it back in his pocket before sitting back down. He moved his chair forward again, reached his hand up onto the stage and laid the bill down on the stage.
Moving his hand from the bill, he replied, "That much!"
Kat looked down at the bill and realized that it was a one hundred dollar bill.
Sam saw the bill, leaned forward and whispered into Kat's ear. Kat held onto the front of her shirt, knelt down toward the man and said, "You do know that I won't do a lap dance, right?"
"I know. I think that seeing your huge tits will be worth every penny of that." he replied.
Kat moved the bill to the edge of the stage in front of him. "Would you rather tuck it?"
Picking the bill up, he replied, "Looks like you're already full."
"Not completely..." Kat offered, as she spread her legs apart and tugged on the crotch of her panties. With a very short pause, he reached up slid the bill into place, being sure to brush his fingers across her pussy as he did so.
Kat stood up, let Sam take hold of the tie of her shirt again and asked, "Are you ready? Are you sure that you want to see them?"
A few more singles landed on the stage.
"One..." Kat called out.
"Two..."
"THREE!"
Sam gave a tug on the front of the shirt and released Kat's glorious orbs. The crowd cheered. Several men let out wolf whistles. Sam pulled the shirt off of Kat and tossed it in my direction.
At this point, Kat was getting into it. She was moving to the music, shaking her ass and her tits. She was strutting around on her high heels, up and down the stage as Sam did the same.
After several minutes, the crowd was starting to calm down and the money had stopped flowing. Noticing this, Sam motioned for Kat to come toward her. They met around the middle of the stage and they pranced their way to the last pole on the stage, right in front of me.
Sam moved Kat so that her back was against the pole, then Sam raised her left leg and put it on Kat's right shoulder, as they stood there. She stood on her right leg while her left one was pointed almost straight up, showing her flexibility. She reached out and held the top of her stocking and worked it off. She tossed it aside and then, with her leg still on Kat's shoulder, leaned forward and gave Kat a long kiss on the lips. She swung her left leg down and swung the right one up on Kat's left shoulder. As she started to reach for the top of her stocking, Kat stopped her. Kat took the top of the stocking and began to roll it with her hand, then grasped it with her teeth and moved it as far as she could, until Sam slid her leg and foot from the stocking. Turning her head quickly, Kat flung the stocking aside.
Sam put both feet back on the floor and then knelt down in front of Kat. Kat rubbed her chest as Sam reached up to the top of Kat's thigh and began to work her way down, rolling Kat's stockings until she got just below the knee.
Singles began to fall onto the stage again, showing that the guys were enjoying their show.
Kat looked down at Sam as Sam mouthed the words, "Trust me."
Sam stood, raised Kat's arms above her head and behind her, to have her grasp the pole. She then turned with her back to Kat and crouched down, standing on her bare feet, wearing nothing but the thong. She reached behind her with her left hand and pulled Kat's left leg up onto her left shoulder. She unbuckled Kat's shoe and let it drop onto the stage and then rolled the stocking the rest of the way off.
With her left hand still holding Kat's left leg on her shoulder, Sam reached back with her right hand and grabbed Kat's right leg and pulled it up onto her right shoulder. Kat held onto the pole tightly with both hands as her weight was shifted onto Sam's shoulders. Sam proceeded to remove Kat's right shoe and stocking. Once this was done, Sam held onto both of Kat's legs and began to stand up. Kat worked her hands up the pole, one at a time until Sam was standing up completely with Kat sitting on her shoulders.
Sam slowly stepped around the pole, turning them in a complete circle, so that all of their audience could see. When she came back around to me, she released her grip on Kat's legs and then crossed her arms in front of her and grasped Kat's thighs again. Then, in one quick move, she lifted Kat's weight off of her shoulders and spun around to face Kat. She adjusted her grip on Kat's thighs and then reached between them with one hand, pulling the hundred dollar bill from Kat's thong and tucking it into the waistband with all of the singles. Sam pushed her face forward and began to move her head back and forth between Kat's thighs. The crowd began to make their wild calls again. Sam moved her hands from Kat's thighs, now supporting most of Kat's weight on her shoulders and reached around to grasp Kat's juicy ass with both hands. After a minute or so of holding this position, she once again made a full turn around the pole. The entire time, she had her face firmly planted in Kat's crotch. As they came back around, I could see from the look on Kat's face that she was thoroughly enjoying this.
After several minutes, Sam lowered Kat down the pole and let her stand back on her own feet. Sam knelt down in front of her and began to tease Kat's nipples with her tongue. Kat held her breasts and began to knead them as Sam continued to play with her nips. Soon, the first drops of milk began to appear. Sam latched onto Kat's right nipple and take in her milky goodness. Then, she moved to the left one. After a minute or so of the crowd cheering her on, Kat put her hands on Sam's shoulders and pushed her away.
Kat turned to face me and Sam moved in front of her, with her ass just a few inches in front of me. Kat began to play with her tits, kneading them, squeezing them, bouncing them up and down. The crowd was loving it. The cash was once again flowing onto the stage.
Finally, Kat started to squeeze behind the nipple and shot two streams of milk straight at Sam's face. Sam did her best to catch as much as possible, but soon had it running down her chest, over her shoulders and down her back. The crowd went wild. Kat did this several more times before Sam gave each tit another good suck and then stood up. The two of them did some pole work up and down the stage before coming back, collecting their clothes and their pile of money and heading backstage.
I left my seat at the edge of the stage and headed back to our table. It took them about twenty minutes before they returned, in the clothes that they had worn in. As no one else had volunteered to go up on stage, many of the eyes in the club went in their direction as they re-emerged. Several members of the crowd let out hoots or gave them drunken compliments as they walked past.
As they slid into the booth, I asked, "What did you think?"
"Scary, but fun." Kat responded.
"Definitely fun." Sam added, "And rather lucrative."
"How did you do?" I asked.
Sam pointed toward Kat. She reached into her dress, under her right tit and pulled out a wad of money, "Four hundred and twenty dollars after they took their cut."
"Not bad! You girls seemed to be quite popular."
"I think that you mean that HER girls were quite popular." Sam laughed, gesturing toward Kat's rack.