Both Donna and I waited nervously for Nadine's arrival. After what seemed like hours - but was no more than ten or fifteen minutes - I heard a car door shut, and I knew we were about to face a potentially wrathful goddess. The front door opened, and Nadine entered the house in all of her unclothed glory. To my surprise, she didn't seem mad at all.
"Miss me, Lover?" she inquired, as she came up to me and kissed me on the mouth. "Oh, you've been drinking, I see. I can smell it on your breath."
With that, she turned to Donna and eyed her nude body up and down.
"Nice tits." she said crassly. "I can see you're used to wearing a bra. They still look pretty firm too. Let's see."
With that, she reached out and grabbed Donna's ample, DD breasts in her hands and squeezed them firmly.
"Oh yeah, nice firm boobies." she commented, as she continued kneading them in her hands. "You've been drinking too, I suppose?"
"Uh, y-yeah." Donna stammered, somewhat taken aback by Nadine's groping and odd behavior. "Why?"
"Just wondering." Nadine replied, as she let go of Donna's yummy tits. "Why don't you pour me one too?"
Now it was my turn to be taken aback.
"I know you're mad-" I started, but was immediately cut off.
"I'm NOT mad!" Nadine snapped. "I'm annoyed. There's a difference. If I was mad, you'd know it. I don't mind us sharing, but you should have asked me first."
I handed her a rather stiff drink and she guzzled it down in one swoop. I stared in open mouthed amazement, as her eyes widened and then narrowed a few times. She turned to Donna again.
"So, you like fucking my guy and I want to fuck your hubby too. So, now that we have that out in the open, share and share alike. And I mean alike."
She reached out again, but this time it was not Donna's tits she went for, instead turning her hand palm up and sliding her middle finger into my neighbor's bush adorned cunt. Donna's lips parted slightly at the intrusion, but she didn't resist at all.
"If you want to share guys, you're going to share me too." she said directly, looking deeply into Donna's light gray eyes. "Ever eaten pussy or sucked titties before?"
"Um, yes." she responded, seemingly in shock at what was transpiring. "In college, but it was a long time ago. We were just experimenting."
"Well good, then I don't have to teach you." Nadine replied. "So here's how this is going to work. When Doug is out of town, you can have Jack during the day. I get him at night. I decide to show up during the day though, and we share him and each other. When he's home, you and I swap straight every other night. That's the deal. Any problems with it?"
I could tell the alcohol was starting to kick in, as she was getting very authoritative, like she was leading a Town Council meeting.
"Um, no. I'm fine with that." Donna replied.
"Good. Then come over here and suck on my titties." she demanded. "Both of you!"
She sat on the couch, and Donna and I both latched onto her saggy tits; sucking her nipples and squeezing her droopy boobs for several minutes. Nadine reached between her legs and began playing with herself, as we nursed her swollen nipples. She sighed, and tapped Donna gently on the head.
"Eat me out!" she instructed. "Lick my cunt until I cum all over your beautiful face."
Donna nodded and knelt on the floor, moving her head between my lovely girlfriend's legs. Nadine sighed deeply, as Donna lapped her clit and labia with her rather long tongue.
"That's good." she grunted. "So good, Dee. Make me cum... oh yes, that's it. Right there... don't stop! Don't stop, Deedee! Oh fuck!"
She squirmed, and gushed all over Donna's gorgeous face, soaking her face and hair in a mixture of pee and cum.
"Oh fuck!" she sighed gently. "That was wonderful! You did that very well."
"It's been awhile." Donna remarked. "Thank you for the compliment."
"You are quite welcome." Nadine answered. "Now we're going to switch. On the couch so we can suck those monster titties of yours."
The women traded places, and this time Nadine and I latched onto Donna's magnificent mams. To my surprise, I was greeted with sweet liquid in my mouth as I sucked her nipple. She was lactating! No wonder they looked so swollen and jiggly all the time. Nadine must have gotten a mouthful too, because she looked up in surprise.
"Suck the milk from my boobs." Donna sighed. "It feels so nice to be nursed. I love it when Doug sucks on my big boobies, but he can only suck on one at a time. You two are almost as good as the milking machine."
"The what?" I exclaimed.
"Doug loves lactation, so he bought me a goat milker a few years ago." Donna explained, sighing blissfully, as Nadine and I continued sucking her spurting nipples. "It took a while because I've never been pregnant, but it finally started to flow after a week or so. It was thick and yellow at first and pretty gross, but then it turned white and got really sweet."
"That was colostrum." Nadine responded. "But your milk is really good. I think we've sucked enough for now though. Lean back and spread your legs, so I can put my face into that nicely-trimmed bush of yours."
Donna did as she was told, and Nadine began lapping at her furry fuck hole until Donna began groaning in pleasure, as her nipples began to squirt. Groans tuned into louder moans, and finally into shrieks of pleasure as her orgasm began. Fountains of milk gushed into the air, arcing out for several feet before landing on the floor with a peeing sound. It was the most incredible sight I had ever witnessed, and my dick stiffened as the jets of milk increased. I faced her and began pulling madly on my penis, jerking off at a rapid rate.
"Oh my god, I'm going to cum!" Donna screamed. "I've never squirted milk when I cum before! This feels so good in my cunt and my titties too!"
The amount of milk shooting from her nipples was amazing, and I moved in front of her, taking the warm white liquid all over my right hand and cock as I felt my own climax building.
"Me too!" I gasped. "Take it in your mouth!"
Donna opened her mouth, and I groaned loudly as I ejaculated all over her tongue and left cheek, sending spurt after spurt of semen onto her face and into her waiting mouth. It was the best orgasm I'd ever had!
"Oh my fucking god!" I burst out. "That was fucking incredible!"
I rolled around and fell back onto the couch, my chest heaving from the wonderful orgasm I had just experienced with the two most beautiful women I'd ever met. The flowing milk slowed and turned into a drip, as Donna calmed back down. Nadine stood and smiled.
"Let's definitely do that again!" she exclaimed. "I've never seen seen someone's tits squirt like that before. It was like watching a pair of milk volcanoes erupting!"
"That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had!" Donna gushed. "Holy shit, that felt wonderful!"
"Too bad we didn't get that on film!" I burst out. "I'd love to seen all of us just now."
"It's going to be our dirty little secret." Nadine said sternly. "No one, not even Doug, is to know of this, Donna. This is a small town and I don't want people talking. The last thing we're going to do is film it!"
"Don't worry." she replied. "As good as that felt, it's a small price to pay for ecstasy. I won't say anything, I promise."
"Good!" Nadine exclaimed. "Then let's clean this mess up, take a nice shower together, and make some dinner. I worked up quite an appetite just now. I will stay for dinner, but I will be going home for bed though, so you two can have a nice fuck fest without me tonight if you want."
Donna and I shared a quick glance and nodded. I got some towels from the closet, and we mopped up the milk and cum from the rug and floor, as well as taking the covers off the couch cushions to wash them. When we were done, I dropped everything except the rug, into the washing machine and carried the rug onto the deck to hose it down and let it dry in the sun.
"Ready for a shower?" I inquired.
Nadine and Donna nodded. Nadine headed for the stairs, but I stopped her.
"I have another one you'll like even better." I said with a smile. "It's out on the deck. We can shower outside, with that gorgeous view of the valley. It's mounted over the door in between the two window walls."
"Are you serious?" Donna burst out. "You have a shower in front of the living room windows?"
"Why not?" I asked nonchalantly. "It's only me, and now you two. If we ever have guests over that might like to use it, it would be an interesting form of entertainment for those inside. I wanted a nice view of the valley, and the only place to put a shower head was over the door. You'll love it. Come on, I'll show you."
I led them through the side door and onto the open deck, where Nadine and I had shared several hours together the night before.
"I didn't notice this yesterday." she observed, as we stepped onto the deck. "The water just runs through the deck?"
"Yes, but there is a collector pan under it to catch the water and run it through a downspout and then out onto the side of the hill below." I explained. "It's good for the wildflowers."
I turned the water on and adjusted the temperature to a comfortable level. We each took turns soaping up and rinsing off, while the others looked out across the valley and admired the million dollar view below us.
"This is pretty fucking cool!" Donna admitted, as she took her own turn under the shower. "I actually love it! Maybe I can get Doug to install one on our patio too."
"I'm sure Jack would love that!" Nadine said with a smirk.
"I would," I agreed, "and I'm sure you would as well."
I was the last to use the shower, and as I rinsed off I was amazed to see both women drop to their knees in front of me. Since I had cum in Donna's mouth before, she went for my balls, while Nadine wrapped her lips around the shaft of my penis and began sucking it. She pulled a partial vacuum with her mouth, and slid her lips up and down the length of my dick while Donna gently licked and sucked my balls one at a time and reached around behind me. She pushed her finger as far into my ass as she could, and began massaging my prostate.
The sensation was incredible! I stood there with my legs about two feet apart, while experiencing the best fellatio I had ever had. My gaze kept shifting from the two gorgeous nude women on their knees in front of me, to the wonderful over the valley, and back to their mouths on my cock and balls. Donna could feel my balls tightening in her lips and gently squeezed them between her tongue and the roof of her mouth as she pushed hard against my prostate with her middle finger.
My balls released every drop of sperm left in them and my spasming prostate made the orgasm fill the entire lower half of my body. I had the feeling of a normal climax, but it was much more intense, and the sensation filled not only my dick, but my asshole, buttocks and even my upper thighs and lower belly. It was beyond words!
"Oh fuck!" I croaked, as I ejaculated inside of Nadine's talented mouth. "You two are incredible together! Jesus effing Christ that felt good!"
Donna gave my balls a final kiss, and Nadine pulled her mouth off of my cock. I stumbled over to one of the deck chairs and dropped onto it to recover my breath.
"Did you like that, Baby?" Nadine inquired sultrily.
"Oh shit, you two just drained my balls entirely." I replied. "Yes, I loved that and I'd love to feel it again sometime. I'm completely empty now. I won't be able to cum again until the morning, I'm sure. Let me get the grill fired up and get those chicken quarters smoking. I don't know about you two, but I seem to have worked up quite an appetite."
"Sounds good to me." Nadine agreed.
"Me too." Donna concurred. "Let me wash my hands and I'll be right in."
I pulled three chicken quarters from the freezer and put them on a large plate to thaw in the microwave. Since that would take twenty minutes or so, this gave me time to get the wood fire going on the grill, with which to smoke these babies for the next two hours. It was nothing major; just a simple campfire for all intents and purposes, with a few larger pieces of wood on top. Once it got blazing, I closed the lid with barely an opening in the vent. This essentially kept the heat and allowed it to smoke. I had to open the lid from time to to time, to add more sauce and allow the fire to come back to life, but just as I had promised, in two hours, we had three very nicely smoked barbecued chicken quarters.
Nadine and Donna in the meantime, had peeled and boiled a pot full of potatoes which they were now adding some cheddar cheese, garlic and Donna's own breast milk to, to make some really awesome and creamy mashed potatoes. While technically sexual rivals, they were getting along really well together. It was such a shame that Doug was in the picture, as I could easily see myself with both of these women in a polymorphous relationship for the rest of my life. He was, however, and he was also my best friend at this point in my life, so we were going to have to learn how to make all of this happen somehow, once he got back into town.
"We raided the fridge." Donna informed me, as I set the plate of steaming, smokey chicken on the counter. "Hope you don't mind. We made some cheddar and garlic smashed taters, and a nice salad to go along with everything. Oh wow, that chicken smells so good, Jack!"
"Thank you," I replied, "and no, I don't mind. You two work really well together. Something blossoming, maybe?"
"Perhaps." Nadine responded with a smile. "We were discussing the possibility of maybe using Donna's breast milk to cook with, and use it just like regular whole milk; just a lot creamier. It's her own tit milk in the mashed potatoes, Jack."
"I'd like that!" I said enthusiastically. "In my hot cocoa, in my cereal, in my glass at dinner... in a chocolate cake too? That sounds both really hot AND delicious! And, I can't wait to taste those mashed potatoes made so creamy with her own mommy's milk. Nadine, I want you to get one of those goat-milking machines too. I'll pay for it. Would you like to have some swollen, milky tits too?"
"I would," she replied, "but I'm nude in public all the time, Jack. What if they started dripping during a town council meeting, or suddenly began squirting at a state meeting or something?"
"I would probably cum in my pants!" I blurted out. "But I do see your point, and you are right. Maybe if you ever get out of politics though..."
My voice trailed off hopefully, and Nadine smiled.
"I'll keep it in mind." she responded. "The best way though, would be for you to knock me up. Then, no one would question it. For now though, we'll all have to rely on Donna's udders. Now, I am so hungry and ready to taste that smoked chicken of yours. You did say it was smoked and not choked, right?"
I grinned broadly.
"No, I did not choke my chicken as part of the secret sauce." I giggled. "It's a bit strong if you're not used to smoke curing, but I guarantee you'll like it."
"You're not lying either!" Donna exclaimed, as she bit into the thigh of her whole chicken leg. "Oh my god, Jack! The smoke makes it spicy itself! Nadine, you're going to love this!"
"Wow!" Nadine replied, as she took a taste herself. "This IS good! It's spicy, but not hot. And there's no seasoning on it; just the smoke? How'd you learn to do this, Jack?"
"I got to thinking about smokehouses one day." I replied. "I figured I could apply it to a charcoal grill and it worked. I've been doing this for about three years now. Moving up here just made it all the better. I have the smell and the view."
"Well, it sure smelled great while you were cooking!" Donna exclaimed. "It smelled like wintertime, with a wood stove or a fireplace cranking away somewhere. It brought me back to a chalet in Vermont, and making lo-"
She stopped in mid sentence and I smiled.
"It's okay." I said quietly. "We're all adults here. Look, it's going to take a while to work all of this out, but once we do, we'll all be happier because of it. In the meantime, let's just enjoy a nice dinner that we all put together ourselves. Then, we can all relax outside on the deck and watch the the sun set, okay?"
"Sounds good to me." Nadine responded, as she took a mouthful of mashed potatoes. "With Laverne out of the picture for the next few weeks, I don't have to report to anyone!"
"Nor I." Donna observed. "Look, Doug's gone all week, so why don't we all just hang out together? We won't have this opportunity again for quite some time. Next year, most likely, from what you've said, Nadine."
"I'd like that." I offered. "Your call though, Madam Mayor."
"I'll stay." she replied quickly. "I'd like it, I think. Imagine the three of us sleeping in the same bed, and then getting up in the morning and showering together outside... mmm, it sounds perfect to me. Then, we can all go for a walk without any clothes on, and fuck in the sandy meadow by the creek. What do you think, Donna?"
"When I was in college, Kristi Barstow and I went down on each other when she was sleeping over one time." Donna answered. "It was okay, but it was nothing like what happened here today. What I shared with the both of you was wonderful; the sex, the orgasms and this delicious food. I like it. I dread what will happen when Doug gets back, as we'll have to add him somehow. I love him, you know! He's my husband, but I love this too. I don't know what to do."
"Welcome to the wonderful world of swinging." I said dryly. "Two days ago, I would have never dreamed I'd be in this situation, but now that we all are, we need to address it and make it work. I have no idea how this is going to happen, but I do like Nadine's approach. It's a good place to start. In time, we can tweak things here and there to make them work even better. For the moment, we have several days to fulfill our deepest desires and fantasies. Let's not waste this precious time on petty differences. We can figure the whole Doug angle out later on. For now let's focus on us, and maybe even more importantly, on YOU. I love you both and I know you both love me, but the big question nagging at all of us is how do you feel about each other?"
Nadine and Donna looked at one another and smiled.
"I love her milky titties." Nadine confessed. "And she is so pretty. I love her dark hair and bush. Too many women these days shave it all off, and it's not very attractive. Pits shaved; bush no."
"And I love those soft, stretch-marked saggers and the way she prances around in public without any clothes on." Donna added. "I am so jealous! God, I wish my titties would droop like that!"
"If you stop pumping your boobs, they'll shrink back even more deflated and stretch-marked than you can imagine." I replied. "I kind of like them this way though. Either way, I don't mind."
We finished dinner and walked back onto the deck as the sun was setting behind the mountains. It was just as gorgeous as it had been the night before, except that this time I had two nude women with me to make it twice as nice. My only regret was not being able to cum again until morning, but I would be content enough to watch my two lovely ladies going down on each other. I could probably squeeze another orgasm out if I jerked off, but fucking and cumming was definitely out of the question for the remainder of the evening.
We snuggled up together on a couple of the recliners, and listened to the shrill siren-like call of a whippoorwill screaming from a pine tree about fifty feet away. As the daylight faded, Nadine and Donna started making out, and I moved so they could have a better position to continue.
"Why don't we go upstairs?" I suggested. "The bed will be much more comfortable than these chairs."
"Sounds good to me." Donna concurred.
"Only one problem." Nadine pointed out. "Her tits. We need to milk her first, Jack. We need to sleep in that bed tonight. We can't get it all wet and ruined with breast milk."
"Too bad her milking machine is at her house." I said wistfully. It would be so much quicker."
"But not as much fun." Nadine added. "It'll take forever to milk her by hand, so let's suck her dry. We can do it in the shower and spit it out. We don't have to swallow it all. Then, we won't have to contend with her milk fountains when she cums."
"Okay." I agreed. "We'll do it out here and then turn the shower on to flush it down when we're through."
Nadine and I each latched onto one of Donna's pudgy nipples and began sucking vigorously on them. In a few minutes we had sucked her tits almost dry, and they were noticeably deflated and drooping. I reached out and caressed them in my hands, gently pulling on them as I squeezed them vigorously.
"You sure do like tits!" Donna exclaimed. "Damn!"
I chuckled and nodded.
"Can't help it." I said with a shrug. "And," I continued as I glanced at Nadine, "I'm not going to apologize for it either."
"You're learning!" Nadine said with a smile. "Now, let's go upstairs and continue, shall we?"
"You two go on up." I responded. "I have to rinse all of this milk out of the pipes and into the ground. I don't want it going sour. I'll be up in a few minutes."
My pair of pets departed, leaving me alone in the darkness, as I turned the shower on and let the water run for a few minutes. I couldn't believe the change of events that had happened in the past few days. I had met the woman who was most likely going to be my wife, I had nailed my beautiful neighbor and I had had a three way with the both of them! Even better, there was still a full work week left, to enjoy their shared company many more times. Yes, life here in the mountains was certainly being very kind to me. I was definitely going to enjoy living here.