Miori was coming to America. She is the girl I met at the Shinto festival in Tokyo a couple of years before. She is cute—sultry lips and long moppety hair dyed brown. Her eyes aren't huge, but she has these stunning long eyelashes. She narrows her eyes when she smiles, but that's all part of her appeal. Even though she is younger than I am, she has this confidence now. She looks you straight in the eye, while I'm maybe still a bit shy around people I don't know so well.
When I first met her, she was 19ish, dressed in a happi jacket and loincloth, trying to hide from the guys who were staring at her nearly bare backside. I thought she was so shy, but then when I went to her house, she stripped naked right in front of me, and I realized that she was anything but. She did the same thing when she came to my house, coming out from the bath naked into the kitchen, accidentally letting my dad see her. It took a long time to calm him down after that. She is a precocious minx.
Anyway, despite her eccentricities, I was looking forward to having her here. She really is one of my closest friends, one of the few people I tell everything to. She was only going to stay for a week, but she'd been talking about coming here to study. That would be so cool, Em and M together taking on California!
Before she arrived though, I was a little bit worried about how this all was going to go. She tends to develop boy fans wherever she goes. She was flying in through Los Angeles, and would probably be a bit jet-lagged, so I arranged for us to spend the first night at Futoshi's. Futoshi is one of my boyfriend Ryosuke's friends. Ryosuke hadn't shown that much interest in Miori at the festival. Maybe she is too cutesy for him, but I was a bit worried about how Futoshi would react.
Miori came out the arrivals gate, dressed for summer—big sunglasses, a straw hat and a sleeveless floral sundress. Maybe she thought this was L. A., and was trying to dress like a Hollywood movie star. As soon as she saw me though, she came over, and gave me a hug. She seemed so excited to be here, literally beaming.
I introduced her to Futoshi. Both Ryosuke and Futoshi had goofy looks on their faces. I put my arm around Ryosuke reminding him of who his girlfriend is.
Futoshi drove us back to his place, so Miori could get some sleep. He let her sleep in his bed. Once Miori was settled in, Ryosuke, Futoshi and I went out to get a coffee. They both seemed so pleased. Futoshi letting her sleep in his bed was already pretty suspicious. They swore they would sleep out in the living room, but Futoshi was definitely giving her special treatment.
When we got back to the apartment, we peeked in, and I was dismayed to find Miori sleeping in just a boy-style p.j. top and white cotton panties. Ryosuke and Futoshi tried to pretend like it was no big deal, but I could tell they were fascinated by her cute little panty-clad bottom. She has these compact cushy butt cheeks though she's pretty slender otherwise.
"Hey!" I protested. Ryosuke rushed to reassure me,
"Your ass is much better." Gee! Thanks!
The next morning, when I got up, Miori was still traipsing around in her panties. I finally convinced her to go in for a shower, and then kept guard so the boys didn't try to spy in on her. You could hear her cheerfully singing away, seemingly unaware of all the fuss she was causing.
Once we were all ready, Futoshi took us to Hollywood to look for movie stars. We did see some people who looked like they might be famous.
After supper, Futoshi dropped us off at the train station. Futoshi looked sorry to see Miori go, but we promised to stop in, maybe on the way back.
Ryosuke, Miori and I took a train to Oceanview. Ryosuke seemed a bit more talkative than usual, but maybe he was just trying to be helpful. I held his arm again feeling a bit insecure.
When we got to Oceanview, Ryosuke headed back to his own house, while Miori and I came to mine. Brandon, my host mother Loretta's son, came out to meet her. His eyes went wide when he saw how cute she was. I felt a bit jealous. Usually, Ryosuke, Futoshi and them make a big deal about me.
It was getting late, so I got Miori set up in the shower, and lent her my biggest pair of p.j.'s, just so she wouldn't go prancing around in her undies again. She came down to the living room where Brandon and I were watching TV, still toweling off her wet hair. She didn't look happy with her frumpy p.j.'s, but I thought it was for the best. Loretta has kind of told me not to tease Brandon, and the same should go for my friends.
I took Miori back upstairs, and got out a futon for her to sleep on the floor, but she didn't like that plan.
"What?" I asked.
"I just thought we could sleep together... in the same bed."
I guess it was an innocent enough request... but there was something about the way she said it. I'd slept in the same bed with friends before and my boyfriend of course, but I was a bit worried about what Loretta might think. I shut the door, and the two of us slipped into my bed.
It'd been a while since I'd slept with another girl. She smelled so fresh and clean, so feminine compared with Ryosuke. Eventually, I did manage to drift off to sleep.
Later, when I awoke in the middle of the night, Miori had one arm wrapped round my tummy like I was her teddy bear or something. I felt a bit funny, but I carefully moved her arm away, and went back to sleep.
The next morning, Miori was up before I was, washing her face, and brushing her teeth. She was so cheerful and excited, anxious to get out, and see Oceanview. I took her down to the university, and introduced her to my friends Satomi and Asuna. Miori babbled away, excitedly telling us about all the things she wanted to do. Everywhere I took her, she would 'oo' and 'ah,' saying how wonderful it was to be in 'America.' ;-p
Miori's English wasn't very good, but whenever she was in a fix, she would bat her eyelashes, and some guy would rush to help her. Brandon was the worst of all, letting her play all his video games, all sweetness and light for a change. I didn't mind so much, but one night, Ryosuke phoned up, and invited himself over. We were in Brandon's room playing a tennis game on his Wii when Ryosuke came in. Miori was sprawled out on Brandon's bed, clutching the Wii remocon, in bare feet, a loose white crop top and tight-fitting orange shorts. Ryosuke snuck a peek at her backside, amused by her squeals of glee.
"What do you say we play something different?" Ryosuke suggested. I was suspicious already, wondering what he had in mind. "How about Oosama game?" It's sort of like Truth Dare. Miori leapt up, squealing,
"Let's play! Let's play!"
I knew this was asking for trouble, but went along at the start. Brandon got 4 popsicle sticks, and wrote numbers 1-3 and king on them. The person who draws the 'king' gets to issue the orders. It started out tame enough with Ryosuke getting #2 Brandon to feed #1 Miori a Pocky pretzel or #3 me to do push-ups, but when he started suggesting number #1 or whoever remove their top I had to shut the game down. I have nothing against stripping per se, and Miori seemed game, but that was the whole problem. Miori maybe likes Keisuke, Ryosuke's younger brother, and I was worried I guess. In any case, Loretta and Jennifer were nearby, so I should be good.
"Perhaps some other time," I murmured, trying to calm them all down.
We chatted, and played more Wii, and eventually, Ryosuke went home. I saw him to the door, and gave him a kiss good night, promising to meet up again soon.
Miori went in for a shower, so I got out another pair of big pajamas for her to wear. When she came downstairs though, she was wearing just the p.j. top. It was long enough to hide her panties, but Brandon kept glancing at her bare legs. I wanted to say something, but I didn't want to be too strict. Miori is just trying to relax, enjoy her vacation. Eventually, we came back upstairs, and went to sleep.
The next day, I got Miori to pack her swimsuit, and took her down to the ocean. It was the high season, so I knew the main beach was going to be packed, so instead I took her to the cliffs. Even there, we found tons of campers and holidayers. I led her through the woods, trying to get away from the crowds. On the far side of the hill, it was a bit quieter, just a few American girls sunbathing. There was even a pebble beach that was easier to walk on than the stony ones near the entrance.
There were no change rooms though. We looked at each other, wondering what to do. Eventually, I suggested we hide in the trees, and change there. Miori eyed me curiously. We had to change into our swimsuits anyway if we wanted to swim. Throwing caution to the winds, I undid my jeans, and peeled them off. She mugged her amusement, and then got undressed herself.
Miori was kind of smiling to herself as she stripped. Getting naked is a simple joy that everyone can appreciate, but she seems to take more pleasure in it than most. She is becoming more and more like me.
Once we'd stripped down, we just sort of stood there, eyeing each other, giggling away at our situation, two rambunctious girls, standing here naked in the woods. Her breasts aren't huge. Her pubic hair is kind of wispy, maybe just trimmed (Mine was a bit fuller at the time), but her smile and energy was infectious. I think she loves being naked, showing off her hot little body (maybe I do too). I was getting all excited. I guess we both were.
We didn't have time to enjoy our freedom though. Back behind us, I heard people coming up the path. They were speaking in Korean. Through the trees I saw what looked to be a Korean mother, father and daughter and this other 20ish Korean man. They were preoccupied I guess, so they didn't see us at first. My heart sped up because the trees between us and them weren't offering much cover.
Miori picked up a towel, asking with her eyes if she should cover up, but I motioned for her to stay still, hoping they wouldn't notice us. I crouched a bit trying to hide my body behind the leaves in the trees. They came awfully close, only a few yards away from where we were standing.
Luckily, though the Korean man had his back to us, talking with the family, as he picked his way through the rocks. Miori was making these scared faces. I was shaking too, more from excitement than fear. I was glad to have Miori here though. I think she is one of the few people I know who understands what it's like to do these things.
The Koreans went right past us. I was still pretty excited, but not wanting to tempt fate, we quickly pulled on our bikinis. It took me a while to calm back down, but eventually, we came out, and went down to the water's edge to swim. The Korean guy finally noticed us, but he was more focused on the daughter than us. We went in wading for a while, but we didn't stay long. We ended up just pulling our clothes on over our still damp bikinis.
"That was kind of fun," I confided on the way back. Miori didn't say so, but I'm sure she felt it too. She was giggly and nervous all evening. Eventually, it came time for bed, and I got out another pair of pajamas for her to wear. She hovered at my door for a second, obviously wanting to say something.
"Do you want to come shower with me?" she asked. I looked at her, a bit surprised. Miori and I had actually bathed together at my parent's house in Japan the last time I was there, but somehow here in the States, it didn't seem quite so natural. I guess people don't really bathe together in the States.
"Um... yeah I guess," I nodded. I couldn't help feeling self-conscious with Brandon, Loretta and Jennifer all home. That could be kind of embarrassing if one of them came up, and found the two of us showering together.
Once we were across the hall in the bathroom, I motioned for her to keep as quiet as possible. She quickly stripped out of her clothes, her breasts a bit bigger now for some reason. She turned to watch me as I got undressed. I'd noticed this before. She has always shown great interest in my body. I don't know. Maybe I have pinker skin and nipples (hers are a bit brown), longer legs, but she has this fit quality. Her curves make her look like a Playboy model, very sleek while I'm more of a girl next door type—pure, chaste, innocent (That's how I look. Honest!). Once I was naked, I turned to fix my hair in the mirror, as she looked me up and down. She seems quite interested in my bottom, almost as if she were a boy. Even after we got in the shower, she was still sneaking peeks at my more luxuriant bush as I shampooed my hair.
"Here let me scrub your back," she offered. She poured some body soap on her hand, and then rubbed it into my bare back. Her hands felt good—warm, soft... sensual even. When I was all clean, we traded places. My nipples brushed against hers, as we swung around past each other. She was kind of grinning, excited by the situation. To be perfectly honest, I felt excited myself.
Coming out of the bath, I suddenly realized I'd only brought one bath towel. I smiled wanly, handing it to her, looking down at my own wet body. Shivering, I opened the bathroom door a crack, trying to tell if my host family had come upstairs.
"I dare you to run across to your room, and get another towel," Miori joked.
"No, better not. Brandon could be out there," I frowned.
"If you tell me where they are, I'll go," she teased.
"There are some big towels in the hall closet," I teased back, not really expecting her to go through with it. The closet was right across from Brandon's room. She handed me the towel, and then opened the door, listening to see if Brandon was in his room.
His door was wide open, but it was awfully quiet. I tried to convince her to take the towel with her, but before I could stop her, Miori scooted out—buck naked—into the hall, and opened the closet door. She looked insanely hot, wandering the halls naked, her curvaceous rump maybe visible from Brandon's room. I was gesturing frantically to be careful, but Miori just peeked into his room, pursing her lips, not telling me if he was there or not. She fished out a big towel, and then trotted back to my room. I wrapped my towel around me, and ran after her.
"Was he there?" I asked.
"Why don't you go take a look yourself?" she continued to tease.
I shook my head no, not wanting to mess with my host family in front of her. Brandon actually knew of my tendencies, but I didn't want to get in trouble.
"I'll go with you," she offered. I really didn't want to, but Miori insisted. She tied her towel around her silky breasts. The two of us tiptoed out into the hall to peek into Brandon's room. I was so relieved to find that he wasn't there. Miori must have known that right from the start. She waltzed into his room, and picked up one of the Wii remotes.
"Do you want to play tennis?" she grinned. I was pretty sure that Brandon and Loretta were downstairs. I could hear the sound of the TV coming from the living room. I wanted to oblige, but was worried. I guess it wouldn't be that strange even if he saw us, but all this was getting me excited. Miori turned on the TV and the Wii, and handed me the other remote.
She sat down on the edge of his bed, and cued up the tennis. I held the knot in my towel to keep it from coming undone, but Miori just left her towel as it unraveled. She eyed the door nervously, but it sounded pretty quiet downstairs, so she eventually let the towel fall, sitting there with her breasts exposed. Her breasts are a fair size after all I decided.
When our game finished, she got up to fiddle with the game box, leaving her towel behind her on the bed. I stared at her bare behind, kind of shocked. The skin of her butt cheeks is so smooth, and you can kind of see her slit peeking out when she spreads her legs. So scandalous!
"Miori!" I whispered urgently. "He's right downstairs!"
"We'll hear him if he comes up," she assured me. I wasn't so sure, but I let it go for now. She came back to the bed, playing the next game naked, but soon started swatting at the knot in my towel trying to get me naked too. I shooed her away, but eventually let her knock my towel open. Despite myself, I was getting so excited.
Miori looked positively joyful. She stuck her little tongue out, and licked her lustrous lips, still trying to win the game, enjoying teasing me. She lay sprawled out face down on his bed, with her legs spread wide almost as if she wanted me to look at her pussy. I was trying not to, but it was hard not to sneak a peek. Her pussy lips were glistening wet, forming a cute sideways mouth surrounded by wisps of sleek brown pubic hair. Does she dye her pubic hair? Or is that natural? She gave out a yelp of delight as she won our tennis game. She grinned back at me obviously loving all this.
"Had enough?" she taunted.
"I wasn't even paying attention. If I try hard, I could whip your ass," I boasted, choking on that last word, trying hard not to look at her bare backside.
"You wouldn't dare!" she retorted coyly, covering her rear with her hand almost as if she were goading me to spank her. Giddily, I pushed her hand away, and swatted her one square on the behind, her taut cheeks jiggling from the reverb.
"Noooo!" she squealed as I swatted her again, climbing up on top of her, the two of us giggling away like crazy. My heart almost skipped a beat when suddenly, we heard a voice call up from downstairs.
"What are you two girls up to?" It was my host mom Loretta who must have heard us laughing. I scanned around for my towel, but it must have fallen on the floor. Miori gazed back at me all panicked now, partly because I had her pinned to the bed. Despite myself, with Miori's naked hips between my thighs, I was getting more and more excited.
"Nothing. Nothing," I called down the stairs. "We're just playing some video games."
"Well, settle down now. I don't want any roughhousing in the house."
Miori rolled over to face me on the bed, covering her mouth to keep from laughing. Her eyes were positively glowing. Still naked and nervous, I shut down the Wii, and pulled Miori up off the bed before Brandon came up. We hurriedly picked up our towels, and hung at the door for a moment trying to hear if anyone was coming upstairs. We made it back to my room alright, and lay down on my bed. My heart was still pounding away from the excitement.
"You are a naughty girl. Do you know that?" I chastised.
"What about you at the beach today? I was the one who wanted to cover up."
The two of us lay there—still naked—but soon I heard someone coming upstairs, so I got up, and pushed the door to, so they wouldn't see us. We continued to lie there listening as Loretta, Jennifer and Brandon came up, and got ready for bed.
Before long, Miori had drifted off to sleep, her creamy breasts rising and falling as she breathed. She must have been so tired from the jet lag and all. I wanted to go brush my teeth, so I pulled on a longish t-shirt, and dashed across to the bathroom. I felt a bit guilty for having fooled around in Brandon's room like that, but I was happy that we'd managed to get away with it. After brushing my teeth, I turned off the light in my room, and got in next to her.
The next morning when I woke up, Miori was no longer in bed. She was sitting—still naked—at my computer checking her email. She looked over, and smiled, happy to see me awake.
"I'm starved. Can we get some breakfast?" she chirped. I kind of panicked, worried that my host mom Loretta or her kids Brandon and Jennifer might come in, and see her, but it sounded like they were downstairs in the kitchen. When I moved to get up, I suddenly realized I wasn't wearing any bottoms either. Loretta would probably be scandalized if she found out that we'd slept together naked. Girls sleeping together isn't such a big deal in Japan, but the naked part was definitely not ordinary.
"Maybe we'd better have a shower first," I suggested. I pulled on some shorts, but Miori picked out a towel, threatening to go over to the bathroom naked. I tossed her a yukata, but she frowned a bit at being made to put it on. In the light of a new day, I was determined to be a good girl, but Miori still looked like she wanted to fool around some more.
After our shower, I got dressed in clean shorts and t-shirt. Miori emerged in her white halter and a light blue flared miniskirt which I hadn't seen before. She had this silly grin on her face. I knew she must be up to something, but at that point, I hadn't guessed what.
We went downstairs, and joined Brandon, Loretta and Jennifer for breakfast. Miori was strangely quiet, her cheeks tinted a faint pink.
My boyfriend Ryosuke had suggested that we swing by the sushi bar where he worked. I figured that would be safe enough, so I changed into my own miniskirt and halter, we watched some TV, and then headed there for lunch. We took the bus, and then walked, Miori still all clammed up, peering around nervously. It was only after we went down the stairs that led to the restaurant that I finally realized what Miori was up to. Just outside the door, Miori squatted down to tighten the buckle on her shoes. I glanced up her skirt only to find that she wasn't wearing any panties! I could see the neatly trimmed landing strip of her muff, clear as day.
"Miori, what on earth are you doing? Where are your panties?" I squealed in horror. She motioned for me to keep my voice down, and whispered meekly,
"I left them at home. I didn't feel like wearing them today."
I was actually angry at first. Ryosuke was my boyfriend, and he'd probably go gaga if he got a peek at Miori's luscious snatch. He already seemed pretty excited about her being here. I don't think she was doing it for his benefit though. I think she was trying to bond with me, show me that we are the same. This was serious though. Her skirt was awfully short. I was amazed no one had 'made' her on the way here.
"Did you bring a spare pair at least?"
"No, I didn't," she pouted, flashing me her puppy dog eyes. The more I thought about it, the more worried I became. Miori was blushing, so Ryosuke very well might twig.
"We have to go somewhere, buy you some panties or something," I babbled. She nodded apologetically, but where on earth could we buy panties around here? There were book stores and a college, but I couldn't for the life of me think of a clothing store nearby.
Another strange thought popped into my head. I began to worry that Ryosuke would find out that Miori was commando... and I wasn't. I know that that sounds crazy, but it did strike me as unfair. Maybe I should take off my own panties. Of course, thinking about it rationally, this could only make things worse, but in my overheated state, it made a twisted kind of sense.
Where we were standing, at the bottom of these stairs, people couldn't see us from the street. Quickly, before I change my mind, I pulled down my own panties, stepped out of them, and put them away in my purse. The skirt I was wearing was short too, not much longer than Miori's. With the breeze blowing in, my pussy started tingling like crazy. I was completely losing it. Miori was still blushing, but she must have been more used to the feeling by then, but for me, it was all so fresh and new. Half intoxicated, I teetered forward, the breeze licking at my privates. I opened the door to go in. I was in a complete daze as Suzuda, the Maitre D, came up.
"A table for two?" he asked.
"Um, yeah," I nodded, trying my best to act normal. We followed him to a table at the back near the window that looked out over the bamboo rock garden. I sat down, but I swear the feeling of the breeze on my yoohoo was driving me to distraction. I tried to ignore the feeling, but Miori kept biting her lip, obviously nervous. The waitress, a new girl, took our drink order, and Miori and I sat there awkwardly trying to keep covered. Some of the customers kept peering over this way, checking us out, making me more nervous.
Ryosuke finally came out to say hi. He came over, and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Miori sat there blushing shyly, but then he went over, and kissed her too. I knew that this was just a California thing, kissing your friends' friends, but Miori looked shocked, baffled at why a normal looking Japanese guy would do such a thing. He patted her on the back, assuring her that it wasn't that strange, but she just sat up, looking uneasy. I knew Miori liked his brother Keisuke, so that just made things weirder still.
Ryosuke soon changed the subject, jabbering away about what delicacies they had on the menu that day. He eventually headed back to the kitchen. I am guessing that it was the kisses that stopped him from realizing, because it created a perfectly reasonable explanation for why we were blushing.
When our food came, we ate in silence trying not to attract any more attention. It felt so weird sitting in the restaurant without any underwear on. I could feel the leather of the seat on my butt cheeks quite a ways up, reminding me of how naked I was.
After we'd paid the bill, and were on our way out, Ryosuke came rushing out of the kitchen to say goodbye. A little fearful, I said thanks, and herded Miori out the door as quickly as I could, but unfortunately, when we started up the stairs, he came out to see us off. I urged Miori to hurry, but it was too late. He stared up at my bare behind, eyes wide, surprised that I was running around pantiless in such a short skirt. Miori continued to clomp up the stairs, the hem of her skirt bobbing up with each step, flashing us glimpses of her own ample backside. I glanced back at Ryosuke, worried that the sight of Miori's bottom would get him all excited, but he was still looking at me, not her.
Trying to keep his attention, I pulled my skirt up, mooning him, but when I emerged at the top of the stairs, I had to let it fall back down, before anyone else saw. Ryosuke looked shocked, but he eventually waved goodbye, and let us go. I was worried, but now at least, we could go looking for a clothing store.
Up on street level, things were trickier. The wind kept blowing, making it a struggle to keep our skirts in check. Guys did turn to check us out, but they were civil.
I was still hoping to find some place to get panties for Miori, but we passed one of the book shops, and Miori wanted to go in. There were a fair number of youngish American guys in the store, and they all looked over at us when we came in. Miori stared wide-eyed at the display shelves, pursing her lips, playing innocent. I'm pretty sure she would have never have been walking around free-muff unless I was there. We could protect each other. She kept looking over this way, wondering if anyone was on to us. The guys in the store, glanced at us when we came in, but they were mostly shopping themselves, and did not stare.
Miori wandered over to one of the bins, glanced around, and then leaned forward to take a closer look. This pulled her miniskirt up to the point where I could see her soft smooth butt cheeks. My heart skipped a beat, and I drew closer trying to shield her from the view of the guys. Miori's hair was sticking to her face, wet with sweat. She blew her bangs up out of her eyes, no doubt nervous. I motioned for her to straighten back up, and eventually, she did. I usually like pushing the envelope, but all these guys around were making me tense. They were not really staring at us, but you could tell they were curious. Miori finally nodded, and we left the shop.
Miori now seemed willing to seek cover, so we walked quickly to the bus station. Just inside the turnstiles, there was an open hall just before you get to the stairs that lead down to the platforms. There were a few people outside the turnstiles, and quite a few more people downstairs, but there was no one much in this plaza. I went to go downstairs, but Miori held my arm, pointing down at the floor. I gave her a puzzled look, not sure what she wanted me to see.
"The pattern on the floor. Doesn't it look like an ishikeri course?" she explained. 'Ishikeri' is the Japanese version of the game hopscotch. I'd been through this station hundreds of times, but I'd never really noticed the floor pattern. It was true though. It was divided up into a square pattern, but one row of squares was set off from the next just like a hopscotch course. "Here. Let's play," she suggested. She started rifling through her purse looking for a stone. "Do you have like a button or something?"
To humor her, I looked through my own purse, but an older woman came in the turnstiles, and walked past us.
"Maybe we'd just better go home," I suggested, still nervous that someone would find us out.
"Oh, what about this?" she said pulling out a thick rubber band, and tying it in a knot. I found a rubber band as well, and now we had our stones. "OK, that square is one. Two and three. Four. Five and six. Seven and home." She tried to drop her rubber band ball into the square she'd called 'one,' but it kept bouncing all over the place. I tried next, but neither of us could get our balls to stay in the square.
Before we could continue the game though, an American man in glasses and a suit came in through the turnstiles, and took up a position behind us off by the wall. He was handsome I guess, fairly tall, distinguished. It looked like he might be waiting for someone, but actually, I could feel him watching us, wondering I guess what we were doing. Before I could warn Miori though, she bent over to pick up her ball, inadvertently flashing him her insanely sexy bare bottom in the process. I of course knew she was naked, but I glanced over at him wondering if he'd realized. He looked away, perhaps suspecting, but not sure.
I put my hand on Miori's arm to warn her, but she just brushed me aside, still focused on the game. She'd finally got her ball in the first square, and hopping up and down on one foot kicked it towards the next square. Every time she bounced, her skirt billowed up, giving us repeated peeks at her bare behind. Our American friend started fiddling with his collar, feeling guilty maybe for spying on us now that he'd discovered her secret. I felt strange myself, embarrassed for her, but excited. I don't usually deliberately flash strangers. (Honest! I don't!)
Miori, meanwhile, had missed, and came back to the start, finally spotting our not so secret admirer. She didn't seem overly worried, and motioned for me to take my turn.
I felt terribly nervous. Perhaps he hadn't 'made' me yet, but if we kept playing, he would surely put two and two together. I had to remember not to push down my skirt though, because that would just make it more suspicious. My heart was racing, as I tried yet again to drop the ball into the first square. It bounced way off to the side again, and when I scrambled after it, I ended up bending down, flashing him my bare bottom.
I glanced back at the man. He still looked unsure, but I was starting to get more and more excited. It was Miori's turn again, and she resumed her hopping, flashing him again. She was jumping quite high now causing her skirt to billow way up, but now the man was looking away perhaps not wanting to be caught ogling her scrumptious derriere.
I was a bit worried that he might call security or someone. I tried to be more careful when it was my turn, but actually, he just sort of stood there, keeping his distance, eyeing us from afar. I began to feel a little braver. Once I was sure there was no one else around, I bent way over, flashing him my pussy, leaving no room for doubt.
He yanked on his shirt collar again, looking all sweaty. I quickly straightened back up, acting innocent, ignoring him completely.
The Ishikeri game wasn't really working, what with the balls bouncing all over the place. Miori was quietly smiling though, seemingly having fun teasing this poor guy. Whenever someone else came through, we would stop playing, but once they were gone, Miori would chase after her ball again, showing us her behind over and over. I was still a bit worried, but looking back it was pretty thrilling, flashing this guy. His face had gone white, cracking under the tension.
Slowly, I began to make some progress getting my ball more than half way through the course. I began singing, and did a little dance. I started rotating my hips, twerking, showing off my rear. I waited until there didn't seem to be anyone else around except our admirer, and then started into the dance, flipping my skirt up as I wiggled my behind for him.
Even he was blushing now. I felt this wave of regret wash over me, as another group of people came through. I suddenly grabbed Miori by the arm, and pulled her along with the crowd down the stairs before the American man could realize we were leaving. At first, Miori seemed a bit disappointed that I was calling an end to her fun, but I guess she knew it was dangerous. We ran all the way down to the far end of the platform, and luckily, the train came before our admirer could find us. On the train, we stood there huffing and puffing, flustered, but safer now.
When we finally got home, Loretta came out of the kitchen to welcome us, but we ran upstairs to my room, and shut the door, safe at last. I lay down on the bed, and Miori lay next to me, both of us still breathing fast from our long sprint home and all the excitement.
We both got cleaned up, and changed into more decent clothes—jeans and t-shirts—for supper. Miori didn't say much. Tomorrow she had to go home, and I was definitely going to miss her. After supper, we sat in the living room with Brandon and Jennifer watching TV. Jennifer eventually went upstairs to her room. We turned out the lights, so as not to disturb her and Loretta. Miori went up for her shower, and I brought down a blanket to snuggle up under on the couch. Miori came down wearing my big p.j. top, but her legs were bare. Brandon noticed, even in the relative dark, so I motioned for Miori to get under the blanket to cover up. I left the two of them there to go have a quick shower of my own.
I'd used up all of my p.j.'s lending them to Miori, so after my shower, I just pulled on a pair of red plaid shorts and a t-shirt. When I came back downstairs, Miori flashed me a big grin, but Brandon was gazing at her curiously, obviously puzzled. It immediately struck me—had Miori come down here in just the p.j. top and no bottoms? Oh no. Not again.
I motioned for her to move over, so that I could sit down on the sofa between her and Brandon who was sitting over in the easy chair. She lifted the blanket to let me get under, but Brandon's eyes shot straight for her hips. I couldn't tell if she was wearing panties or not, and clearly Brandon was mulling over the same question. Once under the blanket, I wasn't sure what to do. I couldn't very well ask her in front of Brandon, and it would have been even stranger if I started probing around under the covers to see if she had any panties on. The three of us sat there, Miori gazing at the T.V., and Brandon practically cross-eyed with curiosity, obviously annoyed that I was now blocking his view.
I slowly settled in, and tried to focus on what was on TV, but I couldn't stop thinking about Miori. If she really were bottomless, how was she able to sit here with a straight face, knowing that Brandon was watching? I know we'd been doing silly things all week, but this was my host family's son, the boy I had to live with every day. I did feel a bit nervous more-so because it was Brandon.
Eventually, Brandon stopped looking over this way, and became en-wrapped in whatever TV program was on. Miori softly pushed the blanket away, letting it fall down around her hips. I could now see the pink curve of her delicate little rear, but it was hard to tell if she was wearing panties or not. Luckily, Brandon hadn't noticed. Miori had been watching the TV too, but she saw me checking her out, and glanced over at me. Her somewhat tense expression seemed to confirm my suspicions. She was surprisingly good at hiding her feelings, but I'd been in her situation often enough to recognize the signs—the slightly faster breathing, the flush in her cheeks, the way she probed with her eyes to see if she'd been found out. I was now fairly sure that she was indeed free-muffing it.
With Brandon's eyes on the TV, Miori went ahead, and pushed things a little further. She ruffled the blanket up letting it fall even further down her thighs. I could now see her fluffy brown pubic hair peeking out from between the tails on her top. Nervously, I peered over at Brandon, but luckily, he hadn't noticed. I was terribly worried now though, so I finally spoke,
"Miori. Maybe we'd better go to bed. You have a long flight ahead tomorrow."
She shot me a look of disappointment. She finally nodded, and stood up, leaving the blanket on the sofa. I peered wide-eyed at her hips, praying that she wouldn't flash Brandon. I picked up the blanket, and used it to usher her towards the stairs before anything else happened.
"Good night," Brandon called after us.
Once we were safe up in my room, I confronted her.
"That was dangerous. What if he had seen?"
"But he didn't. You worry too much," she retorted. "Can I check my email?"
"Yeah, yeah, but for heaven's sake, try to be careful. I live here you know."
She nodded apologetically, and then leaned down to turn the computer on. While it was booting up, she gestured with her hand that she wanted to take her top off. I let out a sigh.
"OK. Go wild."
She unbuttoned, and peeled off her top, standing there naked now. Before she could sit down, I rushed over, and laid out a towel for her to sit on.
"Do you do this at home?" I asked.
"No, of course not," she protested. "You were the one who got me into this in the first place."
Thinking back, that was probably true. She was so shy the first time I met her, and even those times I'd been to her house it was mainly me who'd been fooling around in front of other people. I guess this was her way of letting me know she was cool with it. I still wished she'd be more careful.
I went across to the bathroom. Brandon had shut off the TV, and come upstairs. It made me nervous knowing that he was poking around with Miori nude in my room next door. I told her to get dressed, and for once, she obliged pulling on her p.j.'s, tops and bottoms this time, before going across to the bathroom herself. When she came back, I turned off the light, and we tucked in.
"Emi," she purred softly. I turned to face her. Her feline eyes with those long lashes were gleaming in the dark.
"What?"
"I can't sleep."
"Having trouble calming down?"
"Yeah."
"Just close your eyes. Sleep will come."
"Emi, can I ask you a question?"
"Um, yeah."
"What does a kiss taste like?"
I was a bit shocked by her question, but I guess it was only natural. She liked Keisuke, but I guess they were not actually going out.
"I don't know. It doesn't have a flavor exactly. It's more of a feeling."
"But I mean what's it like?"
"Soft sometimes. Other times a bit more urgent."
"Urgent? Like how?"
"I don't know. It's hard to describe."
She stuck her exotic little lips out in a pout, obviously unhappy with my explanation.
"Can you show me?"
"Show you? How?"
"Kiss me."
I widened my eyes in shock. Was she serious? I don't think I'd ever kissed a girl before—not my mom or aunt or anybody. Mainly just guys.
Miori snuggled up bringing her face closer. She didn't kiss me, but she clearly wanted to. I turned my face away, nervous, not sure what it would mean if I did kiss her.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
"I... uh..."
Miori continued to hover in front of me gazing into my eyes. I didn't really want to, but soon our lips were touching. For someone who'd apparently never kissed anyone before she was awfully good at it. As I pulled back, she leaned into me, getting up on top of me, pressing her body against mine. I slid an arm between us trying to keep those perky breasts of hers from bouncing against mine. Even through my t-shirt and her p.j.'s, I could feel their warmth. If I'm going to be perfectly honest, I was aroused. We had been fooling around all day!
What I didn't understand was if we were to have sex, how would that even work? Almost on reflex, I slid my hand down between her legs touching her p.j. bottoms trying to find her penis, but she didn't have one. My fumbling fingers must have brushed against her most sensitive place, because her embrace became more insistent, even as I struggled to break away.
"Miori. Miori!'
I was just lying there passively now as she moved to explore. Through my t-shirt, I could feel her squeeze one of my breasts... gently... the way I would do myself, making me jump as my body responded. Her hand made its way down between my legs, but something didn't feel right. I didn't want to cheat on Ryosuke—that was part of it, but even more than that, I didn't want to do it with a girl—no matter how close I felt to her. Miori is sweet, gorgeous, vexing, but she is a girl.
"Miori. Miori. Listen to me. I'm not..." I didn't want to say 'a lesbian' although that's what I was thinking. I wasn't even sure if Miori herself was bisexual or even bi-curious. We were both kind of worked up, turned on. It had been quite an exciting day. I was still horny.
"Calm down. Calm down," I told her, pushing her hands away from my secret garden area. Finally, she relented.
"Oh, Emi. I'm sorry," she said, tears welling up in her eyes.
"It's OK. It's not a problem. Relax." I took her in my arms, and held her—more calmly now, wiping away her tears. She took a deep breath, and stopped sobbing. She peered over at me, obviously feeling guilty for having tried to seduce me.
"It's OK. Don't worry. I think I know how you feel."
She smiled through her teary eyes, obviously glad that we were still friends. That was definitely the closest I'd come to sleeping with a girl. I don't know. You get worked up, and want to do it with someone...
Anyway, we lay there for quite some time. Eventually, I drifted off to sleep. The next morning the whole thing seemed like a dream.
On the train ride to Los Angeles, Miori jabbered on about all the wonderful things she had seen this trip, and promised to come back. It had been an eventful week. At the airport departures gate, I gave her a hug, and waved as she walked away wondering what would happen the next time we met.