The Lodger
Like a lot of couples during the big recession we needed to tighten our belt or earn some extra money. We mentioned this to some friends and they suggested taking in a lodger and would you believe it their eighteen year old daughter wanted to move out of the family home. We had know their daughter Rossi for years, she was a pleasant young lady who just wanted a bit of freedom from her parents. Ann and I were happy to take her as a lodger and her parents were happy that she would be lodging with people she knew. I'll just add that our friends lived about twenty minutes away.
It was winter when Rossi moved in and we quickly slipped into a routine. After dinner most evenings the three of us would snuggle up together on the sofa watching TV with the central heating blasting away.
It seemed to be a long, cold wet winter so it was a relief in April when the sun actually shone and warmed the world up, at least our bit of it. At last the central heating was off saving us a few quid. It was great to get out of the winter sweaters, tee shirts and shorts were now the order of the day. The three of us were still together on the sofa watching TV. Rossi was very much a part of the family, she'd snuggle up to Ann, sometimes with her head on Ann's lap. Ann would brush Rossi's hair with her hand. Rossi would also snuggle up to me as well. There was a lot of affection going around as we sat on that sofa I can tell you. Ann usually had her phone with her all the time and I think she gave that as much attention as the TV
As the weather turned warmer still so Ann decided that her favourite clothes for TV viewing would be her bikini brief knickers and a bra or bikini top After a couple of evening's TV viewing Rossi asked, "would you mind if I dressed in bra & knickers to watch TV?"
I didn't have any objections and Ann said, "of course not darling, whatever you feel comfortable in."
"I'll just go upstairs and change then."
A few minutes later the girl appeared in a white bra and like Ann bikini briefs. She looked a little shy at first, she obviously was not used to parading around in her underwear. Ann was in her usual spot at the left hand end of the sofa and I was at the right hand end, I tended to swap from the end or the middle. Rossi sat in the middle and lent up against Ann.
"Are you sure you don't mind me being dressed like this?" She asked as if seeking reassurance.
"Of course not, what's source for the goose is source for the gander" Ann replied indicting her body with her hands.
"I feel a bit funny."
"You'll soon get used to it believe me."
The girl snuggled her head into Ann's shoulder. "You two are the best."
"Can I ask you something Ann?" Rossi asked after about five minutes.
"Of course anything."
"I hope you won't get upset or think me disgusting."
"Rossi come on out with it."
"Will you kiss me?"
Ann just turned her head around to face the girl and pecked Rossi's lips half a dozen times. She leaned back and smiled, "does that answer your question?" Rossi leaned forward and got another few pecks. The kissing became a daily routine even I got the occasional peck.
As the days passed by I noticed that Rossi's panties were getting smaller, not quite micro but getting there. Her bras were getting smaller and if I wasn't mistaken see through.
I mentioned this to Ann one evening in bed.
"Leave the girl alone, she's discovering her body and what's comfortable to wear."
"But it's getting pretty sexy."
"So what, give the girl a break. Now that's enough about her, wasn't I looking pretty sexy for you?"
"You know you were."
Indeed Ann's underwear was getting briefer.
"So what you gonna do about it mister."
And of course one thing led to another.
I often wondered if Rossi could hear Ann and I making out, both of us are pretty verbal when reaching orgasm, plus of course the bed bouncing.
Ann and Rossi were becoming very close, which was great to see. Ann wasn't so much a mother figure, more of a big sister. Rossi was eighteen years old and had no siblings so Ann was something of a guiding light.
Ann besides being a manager in the time and motion department in the factory where she worked also organised make-up parties. When a group of women got together Ann would go and demonstrate a make-up technique on the person who had organised the party. She was very good. So when Rossi announced that she was going to a party the following Saturday Ann volunteered her services, not only to do the girl's make-up but to go shopping with her for a new dress. So on Saturday the pair disappeared for a girls shopping trip.
On their return I of course asked to see what they had bought but was told very firmly to wait and see when Rossi had been prepared for the party.
At six o'clock the girls disappeared and half an hour later reappeared and my God what a transformation, Rossi now looked about twenty, she also looked bloody gorgeous and the dress, short, a little low cut and if I wasn't mistaken an uplift bra was doing a marvellous job of giving the girl some tits.
I drove Rossi to the party and went in to find out when it would be over. Rossi insisted I had one drink and then informed me that she wanted a smoochy dance with me. What could I say. She danced like she was a second skin, moulding herself to my body and surprise, surprise I got a hard-on.
Needless to say back home I didn't mention that to Ann. The next Saturday Ann had booked a meal for the three of us at a pub/restaurant about sixty miles from home.
"Why so far away?" I asked.
"It's a surprise, you'll enjoy it believe me:"
It took us an hour and a half to get to the pub and I didn't understand why the girls were wearing jackets, it was plenty warm enough not to need them. We were shown to our table immediately when I discovered why the girls were wearing jackets. When they took them off they were wearing identical black see through body stockings with not a bra in sight, I was faced with my wife's amazing tits and the somewhat diminutive tits of Rossi, but for all their small size a very nice pair I've got to say.
"Wow I am truly stunned." And I was, Ann had never worn anything like that out before
"So what do you think husband of mine?"
"You two girls look sensational believe me and if I dare say so, bloody sexy."
Ann turned to Rossi, "there I told you so." And turning to me said, "Rossi took a bit of persuading. It's all about building body confidence,"
"Yeah?"
"Last Saturday when we went for her party dress I spotted a lingerie shop and saw these body stockings, they had the two sizes so I thought what the hell. Rossi has been very reluctant, she took a lot of talking from me to get her to wear this without a bra."
Rossi nodded her head. "That's why we've come so far to make sure nobody I know would see me."
It was my turn to nod my head.
"Well the pair of you are totally gorgeous and I reckon we'll have excellent service from the waiting staff."
And indeed we did.
One evening Ann had to go into work to show the people on the evening shift the wonders of her work methods when assembling their electrical components. She watched a half hour of TV before leaving. Rossi was in her now normal bra and panties as we sat down. As soon as she left Rossi pulled her panties down and began to masturbate.
"Rossi what the hell."
"Come on Terry you must realise that I fancy you like mad. You probably won't remember but last summer out in the back garden, you were wearing shorts. I spent all my time trying to look up the leg so I could see your cock, pathetic I know."
"Sorry but I'm married to Ann, who also happens to be your best friend. There is no way I'll be fucking you, understand."
"Okay, I understand you won't fuck me, but surely that doesn't stop us messing around a little. I'm sure you'd love to have a feel of my tits," she said lifting up her bra.
What was a guy to do, I groped her tits and then reaching down began to finger her cunt. She meantime had her hands down my shorts giving me a very nice hand job, to its ultimate conclusion.
On Monday after the meal out in the pub we got back to normal the three of us on the sofa. One evening I was sat next to Ann so Rossi was on the right hand side. She had dispensed with her normal bra and was wearing a sports bra. We settled down to watch the TV and after a few minutes Rossi leaned forward and from where I was sitting could see that she had lifted the front of the sports bar up showing off her tits. Ann wouldn't be able to see, I just caught a glance of the side of her tit. From the back, Ann's view, nothing was disturbed, the back strap of the bra was where it should be. I got up to go to the toilet and Rossi slid over to Ann, the pair were snuggled up close and the girl turned to get her kisses from Ann. The kisses were getting just a little longer, nothing sexual I didn't think, just a strong showing of deep affection. Rossi snuggled in closer and the pair looked a picture together. A few minutes later the girl sat up and stretched and once again lifted the front of her bra up, this time I copped a right eyeful of her beautiful tits and once again Ann showed no sign of anything untoward. Whether it was the TV or her phone distracting her or simply not seeing something so out of place I don't know but she didn't batter an eyelid.
One Wednesday evening Ann wore he usual bikini briefs but this time her micro bikini top. It was simply two small triangles of red material that just about covered he nipples and areola she looked stunning. Her tits are bigger than most but firm, I loved them just a pity she had never worn the micro bikini out in public. Perhaps with the body confidence thing with Rossi she might try it out one day.
Rossi went and sat next to Ann and I joined them on the sofa soon after. A couple of minutes later Rossi brought both her legs up onto the sofa and discretely with her right hand delved inside her panties and began to rub herself. I saw but as usual Ann was occupied with the TV. She even turned her head to look at Rossi saying something about the TV programme. Rossi played with herself for a few minutes and then leant against Ann with her head on Ann's shoulder. She turned and licked Ann's shoulder and then put he right hand on Ann's wrist. My wife had her arms draped across her stomach. Ann then began to play with Rossi's fingers it was to me a very tender moment. A few minutes later Rossi turned a bit more into Ann and reaching up with her right hand placed it on Ann's right tit. She very gentle gave it the lightest of squeezes. I looked at Ann who looked down at Rossi's hand rhythmically gently caressing her tit, she didn't seem to mind at all, again it just seemed to be a very tender moment between two very good friends.
I meantime, not wishing to miss out on all the fun, slipped a finger into the leg of Rossi's panties and finding her clit proceeded to give it a rub. The girl drew her breath in sharply as I made contact but made no effort to push my hand away. We carried on this for perhaps ten minutes, Rossi's breathing was coming in sharp gasps when all of a sudden her body shook, I saw her squeeze Ann's tit harder. The girl had climaxed.
"Will you pass me one of those cushions please." She said to Ann, and was passed a one foot square scatter cushion, which the girl placed between her and Ann. Next thing unbelievably she started to push down her panties using the cushion to cover her actions, she brought her legs up onto the sofa again and the panties were off. The cheeky mare passed them to me and I dropped them on the floor next to the sofa. So our lodger and friend was now sitting on our sofa bottomless. I could hardly believe it but the girl wasn't finished. She was wearing a crop top and carefully slipped for her left arm and then her right out of the garment and then lifting the cushion up to cover herself slipped it off her head. So Rossi was now totally nude on our sofa sat between me and Ann. I shook my head wondering where this was going to lead to. Then Rossi turned to Ann once again the cushion being used to cover her charms and got the kisses she was hoping for. Still leaning against Ann, Rossi draped her legs over me, spread them and started to play with herself once again. A half hour later Ann got up to go to the toilet. Rossi quickly sat up used the cushion to cover herself, it wasn't exactly big enough in truth but as Ann passed on her way upstairs she didn't seem to notice.
"Put your bloody clothes back on before she comes back." I ordered.
"Don't be a wuss Terry. Aren't you enjoying this err situation?"
"I'm just worried what will happen if she sees you."
"Well she didn't see me on her way out, so she won't see me on her way back."
I shook my head, Rossi had turned into a sex bomb.
In fact on her return from the toilet Ann turned to Rossi and smiled, that small cushion was working overtime. I'd swapped places and was now sat next to Ann. Rossi leaned against me using me and the cushion to hide her nudity. Rossi waited a few minutes then knelt up and with the cushion covering her tits leant over me to get some more kisses from Ann.
In the end I needed to go to the toilet, as I stood up Rossi quickly slid over next to Ann. The cushion between them. She leaned her head against Ann's shoulder and as before with her right hand took hold of Ann's tit and as before Ann took no notice. Wow what was going on with my wife. Perhaps she was fully onboard with this body positive thing. After a while Rossi knelt up for more kisses, how she covered herself up I'll never know. When she sat back down again the order of business appeared to be masturbating but only after Ann had given her another cushion to hide more of herself.
Ann and I got up to go to bed and Rossi quickly organised her two cushions to hide her nude body.
The next two nights were essentially the same Rossi got her clothes off as soon as she could and spent the rest of the evening naked sometimes between Ann and I and sometimes with her on the right hand end of the sofa. It made no difference Rossi always managed to strip off.
Then on the Friday evening when Ann had worn her second micro bikini top, as Ann and I were going off to bed Rossi asked, "Can I try on your bikini top, it looks so cool." She said this with Ann standing facing her, maximum chance of exposure.
"Of course you can." With that Ann undid the two strips of string holding the garment in place. "Try it on right now." The two small pieces of material that was the bra top fell away revealing Ann's gorgeous tits. But that was the last thing on my mind, I was expecting an explosion from my wife and had no idea what Rossi was going to do. In the end I think she surprised us both and stood up revealing her gorgeous nude body.
Ann handed her the item, "I'll help you put it on it's a bit tricky."
Was this really happening?
Ann helped Rossi put the bikini top on but turned to me, "run upstairs to my bottom draw, you'll find the panties to go with this."
I ran up the stairs, found the bikini bottoms, what there was of them and ran back down the stairs almost expecting a punch up. But no, Ann was patiently dressing Rossi if you can call it that. I passed the bottoms to Ann and she promptly put them on Rossi.
"Right let's have a look at you, go over to the corner."
Rossi did as she was told.
"Give us a twirl." Ann directed.
"You my darling are as pretty as a picture. What do you think Terry?"
"Bloody beautiful is what I think."
The micro bikini top showed of her small tits to perfection and the g-string thong was so sexy looking, from the back you'd think she wasn't wearing anything.
"Now you two, I think we need to sit down and talk don't you?"
Of course what else was we going to do now that Rossi had been discovered and obviously aided by yours truly.
"I just want to say I'm not in the slightest bit angry, if anything I'm amused. I knew every time you took your knickers and top off Rossi. You were not very discreet and even though you abused the use of my scatter cushion I often caught a glimpse of your body. And Terry on top of that I often saw you fingering Rossi."
What could either of us say in our defence, there was nothing.
"I don't think for a moment you would have fucked Rossi."
"No, we've only messed around a little. I told her I wouldn't fuck her and she accepted that."
Ann nodded, "I believe you. Now moving forward, I've so enjoyed these little games on the sofa please carry on with them and Rossi you can use one of my cushions any time you like, okay?"
We both nodded.
"One more thing Rossi, I've noted you enjoy masturbating a lot so I've bought you something that will help with that, it'll arrive tomorrow,"
"What is it?"
"You'll see tomorrow, just be patient. Right I'm off to bed, you coming Terry?"
"I am."
As soon as we were in bed I had to ask, "Are you really okay with this?
"I am Terry. She's a young girl just trying to see how far she can go and I know I can trust you not to go too far with her. Have you enjoyed fingering her?"
"What's not to enjoy fingering a young cunt and have you enjoyed her hand on your tit and kissing her?"
"I have they were both very tender shows of affection. I hope she carries on with them. I might even watch TV topless so she can feel me up properly."
"Wow that would be something I'd enjoy seeing and there's one more thing."
"Yeah?"
"On Sunday if it's fine let's go up to Clacton and you two wear those micro bikinis. See if you're as body positive as you make out."
"Okay my man it's a deal. Rossi will take a bit of talking to, but nothing I can't handle."
"Tell you what if the pair of you wear something sexy after the beach I'll take you out to dinner."
"You are on my man. Just one more thing perhaps one day we can get around to you fucking her as long as I can watch." She paused. "I wonder if she's a virgin?"
"Bloody hell Ann are you for real?"
"Oh yes."
Saturday morning a package arrived for Ann she took it straight up to our bedroom."
"What was that," I asked.
"Wait and see, it's a surprise for Rossi."
That Saturday evening was really one to remember. First off Ann gave Rossi the gift, it was a pink vibrator one of these you insert into yourself with a small ariel sticking out so that you could change the intensity of the vibrations to any one of the three settings using a remote control.
"I've charged it fully so it'll give you a full hour's worth of pleasure. You can use it while we're watching TV."
"Wow thank you."
"Should be fun. It's totally quiet and I don't know how good they are. If it is any good I'll get one for myself. One last thing I've really enjoyed your fun and games, I'm looking forward to more, okay. Oh and by the way don't tell Terry about this devise let it be a pleasant surprise for him.
This was done in Rossi's bedroom.
Ann started off watching TV wearing a crop top and gym shorts. Rossi had on her usual bra and knickers. I thought Ann had cried off of going topless which was a bit of a disappointment.
As we sat down Ann was in her usual place on the left of the sofa, Rossi bagged the middle and I was on the right hand end. Soon after we sat down Rossi grabbed one of the cushions and covering off her crotch delved into her panties with her right hand. She really seemed to be really going for it. She then leant against Ann with her head on Ann's shoulder. The girl seemed to be fidgeting a lot. She reached over with her right hand and put it on Ann's right tit. Once again it was a gentle caress. Ann did no more than pulled her arms through from the crop top and lifted it off over her head. Rossi's eyes opened wide and then put her hand back onto Ann's exposed tit, giving it a gentle squeeze and then started to explore the tit and finding the nipple she began to play with it but so tenderly. Ann looked down at the hand on her tit and smiled. This was a new, unexpected and delightful turn of events. She played with Ann's tit for perhaps five minutes but then Ann got a message on her phone. Rossi's hand went straight inside her panties once again under cover of the cushion and I thought I would put my hand down there too. Wow, what was this bit of plastic sticking out of her cunt. Rossi smiled at me and then screwed her eyes up as she enjoyed a moment with her new vibrating toy. Rossi asked me if I'd swap places with her and taking the cushion with her was soon pushing down her panties followed immediately by her bra. I spotted the wand that controlled the device glad that Ann had the foresight to give Rossi the vibrator. Naked Rossi leant all the way over me to get her kisses off of Ann. She seemed to be a bit more casual using the cushion to cover her assets and took the time to have another feel of Ann's tit. So the evening went on pretty much repeating the previous evenings.
In bed a little later I asked Ann if she had enjoyed the evening.
"I did but at the same time I wish now I'd not let Rossi know about her sexy ways. It was more fun seeing her wriggle. But never mind it was still good fun.
It was bright and sunny on Sunday so the three of us loaded up the car for the hours drive to Clacton on Sea in Essex but before then Rossi and Ann had a discussion about swimwear.
Rossi said, "I've put my bikini on, save messing around when we get to the beach,"
"Come on let's have a gander." Ann said.
Rossi slipped off the little summer dress she had put on.
The bikini was not sexy at all, it had big knickers and the top covered every square inch of Rossi's chest.
"Mum got it for me last year." Rossi said when she saw our faces.
"That won't do at all," Ann said, "I'm wearing my micro bikini, why don't you join me we can nearly flash it all. We'll make a lot of men happy."
"I couldn't do that."
"Why not, you've a lovely figure and besides after the body stocking the other night, there's not much else to show off. Go on I'll be right there beside you."
The girl shook her head and with a sigh said, "okay then."
It turned out to be a gloriously hot summer's day, just right for catching a few rays on the beach. A lot of other people had the same idea as us so the beach was busy, but we found a spot laid out our three towels and the moment of truth for my two girls had arrived. Remember that Ann had never dared to wear one of her micro bikinis out in pubic despite what she said to Rossi. I sat down on my towel while Ann stood tall and lifted off her sun dress, she looked stunning with just three tiny bits of material covering her nipples, areola and cunt. Rossi rolled her eyes and then lifted off her sun dress. The bra top had shifted so she was immediately showing her nipples. Ann indicated and Rossi quickly covered up her nips.
"Huh topless already you little hussy." Ann joked.
"Not so loud Ann." Rossi replied shaking her head.
Both girls laid on their fronts not realising I think that people from not too far away might think they were nude.
"Rossi would you undo my bra strap and put some sun cream on me"
"Of course."
Rossi sprayed the cream onto Ann and worked her way down her body from her Ann's shoulders. She paused for a moment at Ann's lower back.
"My bum and legs too young lady, don't want to get my bum burnt."
That brought a smile to Rossi's face. "I didn't know how far you wanted me to go."
"All the way my girl, there's the front to do yet."
"Really?"
"Oh yes, you're not going to wimp out on me are you?"
"Of course not."
Ann's bum got a good dollop of sun cream as did her legs.
Rossi went to tie up Ann's bra strap.
"Don't bother with that Rossi, I'm more or less topless so this little bra won't make any difference."
I couldn't believe I was hearing this and then Ann turned over baring her tits for all the world to see and Rossi promptly set to work spreading the sun cream on Ann's bare tits. The only bit Rossi missed was the little triangle of material covering Ann's cunt,
Fucking wonderful. I didn't dare look to see if anybody was watching this display. If they were good luck to them. Finished Ann said, "your turn Rossi can't have you getting burnt.
"I'm not sure about this."
"On you tummy girl, Annie's in charge."
Next thing Rossi's bra strap was undone and Topless Ann was applying sun cream. She even undid the string securing the micro bikini bottom.
"Ann?" Rossi said in a whisper.
"Don't worry about it."
Ann finished creaming Rossi's bum and legs.
"Okay girl you can turn over and I'll do your front."
"No way."
"Don't be a wimp, nobody will notice. Look at me nobodies looking."
Which wasn't quite true half a dozen people were looking at my gorgeous topless wife.
"Fucking hell Ann, if I must."
Which was the first time I'd ever heard Rossi swear. She rolled over the bikini bottom staying on the towel and there was Rossi totally naked. Ann got to work with the sun cream and the girl was soon protected from the sun.
"Right Rossi let's go for a walk, your choice, with or without your bikini bottom."
"Fuck it I'm naked now let's just go."
The pair stood up and headed to the sea and turned left with their feet just in the water. When Ann felt they had gone far enough she dispensed with her bikini bottom and the pair strolled back naked.
"We are getting a lot of looks Ann." Rossi said.
"And what do your think about that?"
"Truthfully, I fucking love it. Thanks for bringing out the best in me."
The pair stayed naked on the beach until be headed off at just after four o'clock. That evening as promised I took the pair of them out to dinner gazing upon the pair of them in matching black fishnet vests. Am I not the luckiest man alive?
Now here's a bonus for you my faithful reader. As you'll recall Ann regretted outing Rossi and her husband. She enjoyed their games and confronting the pair of them spoilt it for them. If I am totally honest it spoilt it for me, the writer of this dirty little ditty as well. So I thought "Fuck it," why not write an alternative ending, so here goes enjoy. BTW if you've a mind to please let me know which ending you preferred.
After another evening of Rossi's games, and mine if the truth be told Ann and I went to bed. It was always enjoyable seeing the contortions Rossi went through to hide her naked body with the one small cushion, even if at times it was a bit rushed,
Sometimes Ann would say, "come on let's go to bed and just stand up, risking seeing Rossi probably laid alongside me totally nude. However Rossi always seemed to get away with it. But!
Ann and I had just got into bed when she said, "I know Rossi gets naked every night when we are watching the TV and I know you sometimes finger her cunt don't you."
"I won't lie, yes she does and yes I do."
"She thinks she makes such a good job of covering herself, it is fun to watch and here's the kicker I really don't mind at all."
"No?"
"No not at all. It is great fun watching her trying to cover up. I'm guessing you haven't fucked her."
"No I haven't and I've no intention of doing so. I've told her so. Yes we mess around some, I've brought her off a couple of times with my fingers but that's it."
"I think you brought her off one evening watching the box."
"Yes I think I did."
"I had thought about confronting her, but thought better of it. I really enjoy the show she puts on and as far as I can tell it's not doing any harm at all. She's a young lady just seeing how far she can push herself. And if you don't mind then neither do I."
"That's very big of you."
She laughed, "I bet its great sticking your fingers in a nice, tight, juicy young cunt and feeling up those tits, even though they are not a patch on my proper woman's tits."
"You know I love your tits and you also know I'm a tit man and," I said pausing for a moment, "I love your juicy cunt too."
"That's okay then. So we'll just carry on as is and you can touch her up as much as you like."
"What an offer, how can I refuse."
"I've just thought, how about setting up the video camera, covered up, you know a secret camera so we can film her shenanigans. Then we can enjoy her antics when ever we want?"
"Good idea, I'll get it set up."
And so we carried on. However things with Rossi developed. She used her vibrator every evening bringing herself off multiple times helped along by myself on occasion. But the strangest development was the clothes she wore. Gone were the tiny panties in were colourful shorts, even leggings at times. It was almost as though she wanted to get caught. It seemed to be reckless behaviour. One evening we were watching TV she was wearing purple panties and a matching purple crop top. Five minutes into the programme she grabbed a cushion, still the one foot square one which she placed between me and her and managed to push the panties down followed shortly by the crop top leaving her naked one again. She spent the next two hours naked a lot of the time masturbating and sometimes using the cushion to cover herself leaning over me to get her kisses from Ann. How Rossi thought Ann wouldn't notice the missing crop top I've no idea. Rossi had also taken to giving Ann's tits a bit more attention than a gentle squeeze. Naked she would lean over me, the cushion of course hiding her gorgeous young tits got her kisses while she fondled Ann's tits. One time she bent further forward and licked the nipple of her right tit. Ann really seemed to enjoy this. Later on when Rossi wanted more kisses she leant further forward and managed to kiss Ann's left nipple. The cushion fell away for a moment revealing her tits totally but Ann feigned not noticing.
Ann and I were capturing all this delightful action on digital videos. Ann had a perverse pleasure in seeing me groping Rossi's tits or with a finger or two up her cunt while I did enjoy seeing Rossi groping Ann's tits and sucking her nipples. Are we a weird couple or just enjoying a mild bit of sexual fun.
Rossi usually stripped off when she was at the right hand end of the sofa using me and the cushion as protection But one evening she decided to strip off when she was in the middle of the sofa. This evening she was wearing a loose body suit. As usual she watched TV for five minutes but trying discretely to rub herself. She then grabbed the cushion and standing up with the cushion in front pushed down the body suit to her waist then sat down keeping the cushion in place while she slipped the body suit off her legs. It was actually a very good manoeuvre one that I appreciated being able to see her lovely arse. From that position she was able to give Ann's tits a good mauling, fantastic.
And so it carried on we filmed hours of Rossi naked usually masturbating we always enjoyed watching them when the girl wasn't about which wasn't very often, she really seemed to enjoy our company, I wonder why. Perhaps one day we will show her one of the videos, she might be shocked but then again she might know that we know what she get up to.