It was another few weeks until I saw Linzi again. On New Year's Eve I got a rather drunk and rambling call from her to wish me a happy new year, and following that we spoke on the phone about once a week. I was enjoying the benefit of getting rent from Angela but having the place to myself half the time, as things had got serious with her new boyfriend and she stayed over at his place 3 or 4 nights a week. Towards the end of January, Angela proposed a dinner party for her, the new boyfriend, Linzi and me. She and the new guy would take care of all the cooking, which meant an easy evening for me. I don't think she was trying to pair me up with Linzi, but she wanted her best friend and her new squeeze to get to know each other and my place was the best choice.
Anyway, I wound up collecting Linzi from the station on Saturday morning. She seemed pleased to see me, and we went for a coffee and a bit of a catch up before heading back to my place. She explained that she was going to be on her best behaviour while Matt was around, as flaunting herself in front of her friend's new boyfriend wouldn't be right. When we got back the happy couple hadn't turned up, so I got to enjoy a bit of naked Linzi around the house - she stripped off in the hall as soon as we got in, and as usual she hadn't bothered to put on any underwear that day. We sat around chatting and watching TV for a while, and amongst other things she told me that she really liked being the only one naked in company. I filed that thought away, but I already knew that she wouldn't be doing anything like that on this occasion.
She didn't have any tattoos or piercings, apart from her ears. At that time these were becoming increasingly mainstream, and when I asked her about it she admitted to having thought about getting something done but hadn't taken the plunge. She was also happy to talk about her pubic topiary, and said that she always shaved her legs and armpits, but tended to let her pubes grow in cooler weather and trim them when it was warmer. Surprisingly, she still hadn't gone for a complete shave or waxing, but was into the idea. Having that kind of conversation is always a turn on for me, but having it with a woman who happily lounged around naked while I was fully dressed took it to another level.
Angela and Matt were due to come around and get dinner together, so,she nipped upstairs and came back down in a surprisingly stylish purple dress that looked amazing on her. I had met her as a knickerless free spirit who liked a drink or five and happily peed in the gutter, but she was capable of looking and acting much more classy when she wanted to. Of course I knew that she was wearing nothing but the dress and a pair of shoes, which made things a bit more interesting.
Anyway, there's not much to be said about dinner. Angela and Matt turned up, got busy in the kitchen, served up a really good meal which was washed down with a couple of bottles of decent wine and it all went well. Linzi and Angela kept the conversation reasonably clean, which was a bit disappointing. I did get a nice upskirt flash when I dropped something under the table, followed by a vey knowing wink from Linzi when I came back up. Angela and Matt were going back to his place because he had a double bed, so I offered to do the clearing up.
When the happy couple had gone, Linzi said that she would give me a hand and slipped out of her dress - 'I don't want it to get messed up in the kitchen', she explained. She went to hang her dress up and I got started on the clearing up. A couple of minutes later and we were working in close proximity in the kitchen. Her nipples seemed to brush against me rather a lot, which caused some inevitable stirring in my boxers, and the next thing I knew she had unzipped my jeans, set my cock free and was sucking me off like a pro. I came in a couple of minutes (I was well primed) and she swallowed the lot before grabbing a glass of water and rinsing her mouth out.
'Feel better?' she asked, and I grinned and asked if she'd like me to return the favour. We went back through to the living room and she sat in an armchair. I kneeled in front of her and put her legs on my shoulders before I got busy with my fingers and tongue on her extremely wet pussy. She was already very warm and moist, and she was soon squirming and writhing and moaning like a porn starlet. I kept this up until she relaxed and slid her legs off my shoulders. We looked at each other and grinned, then went upstairs to my bedroom. We quickly cleaned up and brushed our teeth, then fell into bed together and had our first proper kiss - it's the only time I've ever had a blowjob (and gone down on the lady in return) before snogging. We fell asleep for a few hours tangled up in each other, and early the next morning I woke up for the first time in a good while with a hand on my cock that wasn't mine. Linzi was already awake and looking at me intently.
'You're a nice bloke with a lovely cock' she said, and I prepared myself for the inevitable 'but'. 'The thing is, we're only going to be fuck buddies if I carry on seeing you, are you OK with that? I don't want a serious boyfriend or any heavy emotional stuff.' Sometimes it's like Christmas and your birthday arrive together - although I'd come to like Linzi, I knew that we were never going to be soul mates, so this was music to my ears. I told her that it suited me too, although I waffled on about not being ready after my last break up rather than just admitting that I was more than happy to enjoy regular no strings sex for as long is it suited both of us. It was clearly what she wanted to hear, and she straddled me and guided me inside her.
Linzi loved going on top during sex. I've known plenty of women who enjoy starting off in that position, but usually want to switch at some point, I suppose for deeper penetration. Linzi happily stayed up there, one hand occasionally rubbing her clit and the other pinching her nipple. I pretty much let her do all the hard work, mainly keeping my hands on her arse, and eventually she came to a shuddering climax before sinking down on to my chest, which meant that I could thrust in a bit deeper and shoot my load.
We then had a shower together, and spent plenty of time soaping each other's nooks and crannies. It was still quite early in the morning when we lurched downstairs for a bit of breakfast, and Linzi's train was in the early evening, which gave us the best part of the day to do with as we pleased. I suggested heading out to pick up the paper and something for lunch, and nipped upstairs to get dressed. I came down to find Linzi in the hall wearing only her boots. She then put her coat on, wrapped a scarf round her neck and said that she was ready.
It was a few minutes walk to the shop, and I hadn't planned on driving. Linzi surprised me when she said she'd rather walk, as it was a chilly day, and she explained that she often went out naked under her coat unless it was seriously cold in the middle of winter. Once we got to the shop I picked up the Times and a couple of bits for lunch. While I was doing this Linzi had unbuttoned her coat and let it fall open with her back to the counter, while talking about whether she would prefer white or brown bread. Keeping up a normal conversation confronted with a stiff nipple and an attractive pubic thatch was a bit of a challenge, but somehow I managed to get what we needed without totally losing control.
'Your face was a picture! I'm going to have some real fun with you.' We were outside the shop and she had fastened her coat up and suggested that we pop into a cafe over the road before heading back. It was about half full, and we found a table to ourselves where we could sit next to each other. I pulled out the sports section, and Linzi guided my hand to a gap between the buttons of her coat where I could gently finger her. She sat there, looking totally composed but murmuring absolute filth - I quickly forgot about my team's performance the previous day (a goalless draw that could easily have been a humiliating defeat).
We headed back and took a slight detour through a park, where we found a quiet enough spot for Linzi to unbutton her coat completely and for me to finger her sopping wet pussy some more. Anybody passing by would just have seen a couple locked in a passionate embrace, not suspecting that Linzi was having her second or third orgasm of the morning with her tongue down my throat and her hand in my boxers. Linzi looked flushed as she did her coat back up, and we made our way back to my place.
As soon as we got inside Linzi's coat came off, my jeans came down and I took her from behind in the front hall, still in her boots. This time it didn't take long for us both to come, after which we collapsed onto the sofa together for a while before I put a pot of coffee on and got lunch together. True to form, Linzi stayed naked for the rest of the afternoon and we just chilled out together.
Eventually it was time to drive her back to the station. She sorted herself out and put on the skirt and top that she'd been wearing when I picked her up. I made a comment about her not really needing to bring anything apart from her toothbrush next time, and she grinned and said that she might just do that. When I dropped her off I got a final upskirt flash and kissed her on both sets of lips before she got out of the car. I didn't know what else was going to happen with Linzi, but I knew I was going to enjoy it.