Mind Control - Part 2
In Part 1, placing my wife in a mild hypnotic trance enabled her to overcome a lifetime of inhibitions. We explored new areas which previously had been taboo, and are preparing to take this further.
I lay back reflecting on how far we had come. Placing my wife, Chrissie, in a mild hypnotic trance had enabled her to overcome a lifetime of repression. She had allowed me to photograph her naked, had let me shave her intimate parts and was even talking about sex with other people. She also seemed to love the taste of my semen and her own juices. The turnaround was incredible, and I could hardly wait for phase 2.
She had ordered a range of sex toys and outfits and was preparing for our first appearance on a public webcam site. She was even open-minded enough to encourage me to use my new-found skill in boudoir photography as a business opportunity, and in three days' time I was expecting my first model - a pretty student who I had got on with during my previous job as a lecturer.
All this came with just two rules - whatever we do, we do it together; and whatever one partner was expected to do, the other should be willing to do too (or the equivalent). There were downsides to the second of these rules - so far, I had licked up my own semen and had a finger wriggling in my back passage - but oddly, I had found nothing disagreeable. In truth, I felt new horizons were opening for me. I had no idea if Chrissie felt the same, but so far, she had entered into every activity with gusto and apparent pleasure.
We awoke on Saturday morning, and I was a little disappointed that Chrissie had decided to forego our morning bout of sex, which had become commonplace. It was perfunctory on weekdays - a quickie before getting up to take the kids to school - but when we did not have to get up early, it was extended and athletic. If I slept, I usually awoke to a warm mouth around my erection, or a hand stroking vigorously - this morning however, I was alone in bed.
I got up and went downstairs to find Chrissie on the sofa, sipping coffee. As I entered, she jumped up and went to the kitchen, returning minutes later and handing me my cup.
"Don't say I never give you anything," she smiled.
My confused look must have registered with her.
"I know," she explained, "no fucking this morning. But we've got a big night tonight. I want you firing on all cylinders - and covering me with cum."
It still seemed odd hearing words like 'fuck' and 'cum' from my wife, who until recently would never have been so graphic - yet I rather liked it. It was becoming a very clear indicator of how her inhibitions were lifting.
I recognised the sense in what she was saying, but was still disappointed. I was very capable of performing twice in a day, or more, and without any major deterioration in quality. I made my point and looked on as her head went down and her shoulders slumped.
"Sorry," she mumbled, "I'm nervous. My first time in public. I really want to, and I know you'll say I don't have to, but the idea really turns me on. It's just in my head - and my stomach - I'm terrified. Would you... I mean..."
"Would I hypnotise you?" I completed her thought.
"Yes. It'd help. Just to relax me. Now, then again just before we start."
I nodded, set some music in place and lit an incense stick. I decided to be quick, in case the kids interrupted us, so gently massaged her temples. I set at a metronome, ticking at her heart rate and located a small, flashing LED where she could focus on it.
The environment being set, I talked slowly and rhythmically, suggesting that she close her eyes on the count of ten, then advising her that she was totally relaxed, her day would pass as usual, and that come the evening she would proceed without nerves or fear and would behave as she wished, without being held back by her social and nurtured-based taboos.
When I finished and brought her out of her fully relaxed state, her eyes were still mildly unfocused, as they tended to be. She had always been my practice subject, and was highly suggestible, so it was no surprise when she smiled and hugged me.
"I feel so much better," she enthused, "thanks. I'm going to get the kids up and make a picnic. They're off to my mum's for the day, cos she's taking them to that craft fair. We'll go to the Nature Reserve for a nice walk."
I nodded. I had forgotten that Chrissie's mum had decided to take the kids. She did that occasionally, because she liked a 'grandma day' to strengthen her bonds with them and give us time to ourselves. What she meant was that she liked to worm her way into the kids' minds and infect them with the same taboos she had implanted in Chrissie - however, like many grandparents, she seemed to forget that we were the primary carers and were far more influential.
Previously, we had spent the day catching up on housework, sitting watching TV in silence and having the odd, stilted conversation. Things had changed now. Our connection was different and our new-found closeness would make this a vastly different day. I actually believed that Chrissie's mother wanted us to realise how stale our marriage had become. Now, however, her plan was back-firing.
I suggested that, as we had a free day, maybe we should set up the webcam and do our thing while we had the house to ourselves. Chrissie was adamant, however. Relax during the day, play tonight. Maybe it was a lingering part of her upbringing - sex was associated with bed and night time, definitely not the daylight hours. Those were reserved for housework and defamatory gossip with the harpies that her mother called 'friends.'
Never mind. I was happy to wait.
It was a lovely day, warm and pleasant. There were quite a few people at the Nature Reserve, but it covered a huge area, and it was not difficult to find quiet places to walk, away from the noise of families and cycle tracks. After an hour's gentle wandering, adding photographs of landscapes and water birds to my photographic portfolio, we stopped for lunch. It was a pleasant location, maybe twenty metres off the path, and fairly secluded.
Chrissie laid out a rug and unpacked our food.
"You should take some pictures," she commented, "for the family album. It doesn't have to be all for your website now you're turning pro."
I snapped a couple of images of her sitting with the picnic, before settling down to eat. It was a pleasant spread - sandwiches, salad, sausage rolls, followed by home-made cake washed down with orange juice and some water.
As we packed away, my wife caught my eye and smiled.
"You should get some more photos of me - for Facebook - might help show how well you capture people."
Her idea made sense. She was wearing a plain white t-shirt with a scoop neck and jogging bottoms. She had slipped her trainers off as we ate.
She posed leaning against a tree, smiling at me in a way which was far too sexy for social media.
"Tone it down a bit," I suggested, "don't stick your boobs out so much and move your hand from between your legs."
She smiled, and picked up a bottle of water. The chatter of other walkers floated on the air from the other side of the small screen of bushes. Spotting Chrissie's head over the top of the row of bushes, one of them bade her "Good morning" as they continued on their way.
She resumed her pose against the rough bark as I shot image after image. As I looked through the viewfinder, she brought the bottle up and tilted it towards her mouth - tilted it until it was almost vertical. The liquid poured out, over her mouth, her shoulders, down onto her t-shirt. The entire bottle.
My fast shutter speed captured the whole scene beautifully, each droplet frozen as it either fell on to her, or bounced off. Each frame caught her t-shirt, darkening, becoming translucent. The shape of her bra was evident. It was lightweight, gauze which allowed her nipples to be clearly seen as dark circles, even through the wet t-shirt. My photographs caught her hardening nipples, first flat, then growing to rigid points against her clothing.
It was incredibly erotic, and I felt a sensation of hardening as I watched, and realised my breath was becoming rapid.
"Oh shit," she cooed, seductively, looking directly into the lens, "my top's wet. I should take it off and let it dry."
My mouth was dry as she grabbed the bottom of the shirt and peeled it over her head, more slowly than would be natural to allow me to capture every revelation.
Now in just her bra, her nipples were very evident - dark, near perfect circles drawn out by the icy water as she continued her posing.
I felt she wanted me to be the professional photographer, rather than the lecherous husband. I also knew that she wanted me to save myself for the evening. I stayed silent, snapping image after image.
"Oh damn!" Chrissie exclaimed. "My bra's soaked too. I need to put it somewhere to dry.
She unclipped the item, and slipped it off her shoulders, allowing her magnificent tits to swing free. Her DD bra was hung on a bush, and she stood before me, confident as a naturist in a nudist camp, smiling as she shared her boobs with me, the open air and anyone who might choose to wander off the footpath.
She cupped her breasts and thumbed her nipples, head back, breathing accelerated.
I was suddenly acutely aware that while no-one could see us directly from the path next to us, they could from a path running parallel to this one - it was substantially further away, and my wife's topless form would have been difficult to make out clearly, but the fact remained, that to any bird-watcher with binoculars or fellow photographer with a decent zoom lens, she could be rendered highly visible.
I suppose this fact should have concerned me. Instead, it excited me. If anything, my erection hardened even more. This hitherto latent streak of exhibitionism was a massive turn on for me - and her, apparently, as she continued to pout, preen and pose for the delight of my camera.
Then she began to slide off the jogging bottoms, and it was only at that point that I realised that this 'show' had not been spontaneous - it had been her intention all along.
Under the trousers, she wore no panties. Instead, she was wearing hold-up stockings. As she removed the jogging bottoms completely, naked apart from the sheer coverings on her legs, I could only stare.
She posed once more, using the tree as a prop, and suddenly realised I was no longer taking photographs.
"Keep snapping," she instructed, "because I'm staying like this till you've got a lovely set of outdoor photos."
I gulped and began shooting once more, as she moved from the tree, framing herself between two saplings, hedgerow and lake in the background.
Suddenly, I heard voices, and froze. A group of people were coming up the footpath. Chrissie's head and shoulders were clearly visible over the hedge, and I was certain that the foliage was not thick enough to totally obscure her body from curious eyes.
I expected her to dip down and hide, but instead, as the group of young people drew level, she smiled and greeted them. I guessed they were probably students - two couples, between eighteen and twenty years old, perhaps, and they returned her greeting cheerfully.
It was obvious that, as they looked in her direction, they became aware that something was odd. For a start, my wife's head and shoulders were plainly visible, and were obviously uncovered. It was possible that she wore a top with no sleeves or straps, but unlikely. Plus, they must have seen glimpses of bare flesh through the fairly sparse leaves. They could not have been certain of her nudity, but must have made a fair guess.
As they strolled past, Chrissie resumed her posing, now sliding to the ground, lying on her side and her back, then sitting up.
What had become evident was the whispering from the group on the path, accompanied by giggling and sounds of encouragement to one or other of the group. As I continued snapping, I noticed Chrissie raise a hand and wiggle her fingers to something behind me. I looked round, and seeing nothing, looked at her quizzically.
"Just those kids," she informed me, "having a look round the hedge."
Again, I was stunned at her casual response. "All of them?" I asked.
"Not at first - just one of the girls - then they all came for a look. They've gone now, but it's given them something to chat about. And now I'm so fucking horny."
The nature of the shoot changed in that moment, from a fun, nude, outdoor shoot to something more sexual. She began fondling her breast with one hand, while the other dropped between her legs. She opened her outer lips for me to get clear photos of the hole within, then began stroking her clitoris. She lay back, breathing deeply, breasts vibrating as her nipples pointed to the heavens. She slipped two fingers inside her as she brought herself closer to orgasm.
Just as I thought she was going to climax, she rolled to her knees, backside in the air, exposing every intimate detail of herself as she fingered and thrust into herself. Soon, she achieved her orgasm, crying out in the open air, body twitching before she finally relaxed, rolling on her back and allowing her legs to fall wide, enjoying the warm, gentle breeze.
I placed my camera aside, after a few final shots of her wet, swollen pussy, and lay beside her, kissing her deeply. Prior to this, I had no idea how I might have felt about others seeing her naked, and my response surprised me. I felt no jealousy, no embarrassment - all I felt was a blend of pride and sexual excitement. I wanted nothing more than to fuck her there and then, but I was certain that I would not be allowed. She had decided I should wait for the evening, and her decision was final.
We lay there for a while. Chrissie was in no rush to dress, and seemed to be relishing the warm sun on parts of her which had probably never been exposed to the open sky before. People passed on the footpath, unaware of us lying there, conversing openly. I wondered how they would react if they had seen the large breasted, naked woman a few feet from them.
As we lay there, we chatted and giggled, trying to predict responses. We decided that if the students from earlier had decided to join us, the lads would probably have encouraged the girls to strip too. We would have loved that. An older couple would have been scandalised and called us perverts, while others might have been interested in a threesome or foursome. We thought they would all be jealous - of our openness, of Chrissie's body and our willingness to be ourselves.
Eventually, she dressed, reluctantly. Her wet clothes were now dry, and while she said she would have loved to walk along the path naked for a bit, she was also a little concerned that the warm sun and breeze might burn the parts unused to the weather.
The sun was quite low when we collected the kids from Chrissie's mother. They seemed bored, and I wondered how much longer they would be willing to go on their days out with Grandma. We stayed for the obligatory cup of coffee, while I accepted the typically barbed comments to which I was accustomed, and left at dusk, in time for the kids to spend an hour relaxing with games consoles and TV.
Eventually, it was time. Once again, I set about inducing the mild hypnotic trance and post-hypnotic suggestion, as my wife had requested.
We set up the laptop and a separate webcam. We had considered sticking with the camera integrated in the computer, but decided it lacked the flexibility we wanted - plus, if we wanted to type, it would be necessary to separate and reach across - or be so close that our bodies wouldn't be visible.
Chrissie dashed to the bedroom to change - presumably into her lingerie and something sexy for our audience. I was unconcerned, happy to remain in jeans and t-shirt. After all, there's really no such thing as lingerie for men.
Fifteen minutes later, she reappeared - hair restyled, make-up applied and wearing a mid-thigh length, figure hugging skirt and white blouse, with just one button too many left undone. She looked like the world's sexiest secretary - my very personal assistant.
We had decided to record, as well as broadcast our performance, and set things up accordingly, a bright spotlight trained on us. We connected to the site and clicked 'broadcast.'
Instantly, an image of ourselves as we were appearing to the world popped up on screen. Of course, no-one was watching. We waited, and gradually, more people appeared - ten, twenty, thirty, fifty, a hundred - and comments began to appear.
'Show tits'
'Fuck her'
'Show pussy'
'Fake - it's a vid'
'Wave if real'
We waved and smiled as comments poured in.
I leaned forward and typed.
'Hi all. We gonna go all the way, but only if you're polite and patient. No directing, no trolling, no insults or you're booted.'
There was an instant response.
'Time wasters. They not gonna show.'
I blocked the individual immediately, along with a couple of others who seemed to think they had the right to tell us what to do. Then I gave our terms.
'125 - blouse off. 150 - skirt off. Something off every 25 - at 250 we start fucking.'
It was an effective way to get numbers up, and there was an instant jump in numbers. I began to undo the buttons on Chrissie's blouse, peeling it off to reveal a beautiful black and red silk bra, trimmed with lace.
'Amazing tits... gorgeous... love to suck...'
The comments flooded in - no surprise that her breasts were so popular. They were truly outstanding.
By now though, it was time to strip off her skirt and show panties which matched her bra, along with the almost obligatory stockings and suspenders. Chrissie rotated, showing her pert bum - again greatly admired - as the numbers continued to mount.
Next was my shirt, followed by trousers. There were a fair number of women watching, and quite a few couples. They were less effusive in their comments, and certainly less raucous, but they were certainly there, which pleased me. I liked the idea that my body was being enjoyed by people other than bisexual or gay men - not that I minded their appreciation, but I was not really that way inclined.
The numbers continued to rise, more slowly now, which meant we could take our time and allow people to enjoy our underwear before seeing us naked - however, the point had been reached where we had promised that Chrissie would lose her bra.
I reached behind and unclipped her, moving my hands to cover her nipples as she shrugged the penultimate item off.
My carefully placed hands caused outrage, so after a brief pause, I staged the big reveal - two hundred and fifty viewers enjoying my wife's impressive tits. Her nipples were solid and erect - evidence that she was loving exposing herself - as the next target was reached.
I had been prepared to take off her panties, but instead, she grabbed the waistband of my boxer shorts. Easing the elastic over my erect, eight-inch cock, she eased them off. I was gratified by the appreciation my manhood received from the audience, and it was then that a message caught Chrissie's eye.
'Couple, m30 f28 W Mids - pm?'
She looked to me before opening the private message box (we had blocked these messages, as we had no desire to converse with individuals who felt deserving of special attention), and began to type.
'Hi - we're Mark and Chrissie - E. Mids. Nice to meet you'
Their reply was instant.
'Fancy c2c? Don't cam in public cos of trolls - Kelly and Sean'
'OK. Where?'
I looked at Chrissie in surprise. This had never been part of the plan, but I was happy to go ahead. Kelly might be incredibly attractive, and if they were fun, we could cam with them regularly.
They suggested a well known video calling app which we already had installed, and sent their user name. Quickly, Kelly opened a new tab and started the video call.
We found ourselves looking at an attractive couple, a few years younger than us. She was blonde and slim, and seemed to have quite small breasts and narrow hips. He was equally slim, with a ready smile. Both were fully dressed, which made us feel both uncomfortable and excited. Rather than typing, we began to speak with them.
"Hi, Kelly, Sean - nice to meet you." Started Chrissie.
"Hey guys. Sorry. Didn't know if you'd want to cam. We'd better catch up."
They both stripped completely, and sat before us naked, reminding Chrissie that she needed to slip off her panties, which she did rapidly.
Kelly was extremely attractive. Her breasts were, indeed, small - I guessed a B cup - yet nicely shaped, with large nipples and small areolae. Her waist was slim, and a neat runway of pubic hair demonstrated that she was a natural blonde. Sean was likewise very slim, but with strong, wiry muscles. I was relieved to see that his penis was very average - maybe six inches - but with a reasonable girth, which I knew would please Chrissie.
"I don't know if you like kinky stuff," stated Kelly, leaning against Sean and casually stroking his erection, "but we're not really. We're open to trying things if you want though."
We both laughed. "Depends if you count being watched by three hundred people kinky! We're not particularly, but open to ideas," Chrissie informed them, "though we like photography, I spent the afternoon naked at the Nature Reserve and we do anal."
Kelly and Sean laughed this time. "More than we've done. Sounds fun. We'll give it a go and send you some pics." She bent forward and started sucking Sean's member, as though there had been an invisible signal that sex should start.
Chrissie needed no prompting, and happily took me in her mouth. As our partners bobbed away happily, Sean and I sized each other up. It was not in a confrontational way, more respectful, relaxed in knowing our partners were attractive and performed their current actions well.
It seemed that the women wanted to mirror one another, for Sean and I were pushed back simultaneously, and mounted by our partners. Both adopted the 'reverse cowgirl' position which meant that, as we were at a slight angle to our cameras, we could watch one another comfortably.
Kelly's pussy looked good as it was split wide by Sean's cock. She contributed to the view by fingering herself, as did Chrissie. Both women then cupped their breasts, pulling and teasing their nipples - Chrissies impressive orbs clearly appealed to Sean as he lay transfixed. I, too, was fascinated by Kelly's smaller tits. They were lovely, and her nipples looked exceptionally large - almost unnaturally so, as she pulled them, quite hard. Their length and circumference appeared bigger than average, and intrigued me.
As they withdrew, both women paused to lick the penis which had been abandoned. As she licked, Kelly looked at the camera.
"I love my taste," she declared, "I always like licking Sean after we've fucked - or licking my fingers."
Chrissie smiled. "Me too. I wonder if we taste the same. Have you ever tasted another woman?"
"No." She suddenly became a little coy. "I'd like to though. I'm quite bi-curious, but I haven't found anyone to explore with just yet."
Chrissie agreed with her, joking that we should get together and try it - perhaps she was only half-joking, as it was clear that the two women found each other attractive. Equally, however, they seemed to find each other's partner attractive. I had noticed Kelly watch closely as Chrissie withdrew her lips from my hard-on, and Chrissie had whispered that she thought Sean looked like he had 'staying power.'
It was a good situation. Everyone was attracted to everyone - except the two men to one another - at least, I assumed Sean was not attracted to me. If he was, fine - I had no issues with that.
I manoeuvred Chrissie around so I could lick her pussy. Sean followed suit, which meant very little of the women was actually visible.
"I like your cock, Mark. It's bigger than Sean's, but he's just as thick."
Chrissie chipped in - "He's good with it too, Kelly - but Sean's is nice. Imagine one in each end... ohhh."
The moan at the end was in part at her fantasy idea, and in part because I was finding some extremely sensitive areas. I moved to the side, so our new fuck-buddies could see my fingers in Chrissie's slippery cunt and thrust between her buttocks. As I continued work on her, my wife moaned deeply, approaching her climax.
Here was the shortcoming of webcam sex - while we were actively working on one another, it was difficult to watch the other participants. I worked vigorously with hands and tongue, desperate to let Chrissie enjoy her release and watch Kelly as she reached her own orgasm.
Suddenly, with a loud moan, Chrissie came. Her juices ran freely over my face as I kept licking until she pushed me away.
Instantly, I gazed at the camera. Kelly was cumming quietly, hips bucking as Sean withdrew, providing a clear view of her pussy as he continued fingering.
I expected him to ease off as she moaned joyously, but he kept rubbing her clit and working his fingers inside her, until... suddenly... she squirted. Liquid gushed from - once, twice, three times, as Chrissie and I gazed in admiration.
Sean withdrew his hand and smiled at the camera.
"Thought you'd like that," he grinned, "I get my face out the way - not that I don't like it - just love watching more."
"That's amazing." I agreed, "have to see if Chrissie can do that. Thanks for sharing. Your pussy looks gorgeous, Kelly."
She giggled, slightly embarrassed and reached for Sean's erection.
"Let's fuck a bit more, then it's your turn, boys," she said.
Chrissie knelt on all fours, inviting me to enter her from behind. I certainly needed no second invitation, and impaled myself to the hilt, happy to be able to watch Sean doing the same thing to Kelly.
As my thighs slapped against hers, I slapped Chrissie's ass, causing her to cry aloud in pleasure and pain. Sean followed my example, and we watched each other as our partners' buttocks turned red, tingling but stimulated.
Both women reached between their legs, stroking themselves to a second climax as we thrust deep and long to a steady rhythm.
We continued until both women achieved another orgasm, and I was jealous once again that women had the ability to orgasm multiple times, while we men were so limited.
Breathless, I withdrew, and Chrissie and I sat facing the camera, smiling. Seconds later, Kelly and Sean did the same. We were all flushed, smiling and sticky with sweat.
"I like it on my face," stated Chrissie, "that way you get to watch too."
"Mmm," replied Kelly, "my favourite, followed by sucking him dry. Who's first?"
We spent a couple of minutes debating this, until Sean produced a pack of cards. "Even number, you first, odd number, us. Picture cards don't count."
We agreed, and he withdrew the first card. A ten. I stood over Chrissie and positioned herself to the side of me, facing the camera. I was about to jerk myself off, when she slapped my hand away.
"I'll do it," she informed me.
She started stroking my shaft and my head vigorously, her hand almost a blur as she wanked me furiously. I was impressed - her technique was excellent, and it was not long before I felt the familiar tension in my groin, the tightening muscles as my cock prepared to draw back and fire its load.
My buttocks clenched, eyes closed and I felt my knees go weak and crimp slightly as I prepared to shoot my load. With a couple of final, well placed strokes, I came, my stored up semen coming in thick, gelatinous strings across Chrissie's face, covering her eyes and entering a nostril. On the third spurt, she dragged me into her mouth, accepting the first two spurts, then sucking hard, drawing every last drop from me.
She looked up, blinking semen from her eyes.
"Show Kelly and Sean how you clean up," she directed me.
I looked at their eager faces, knowing I had no choice, and licked across her eyes and nose, drawing up the remnants which had run down her cheeks. A slightly wicked thought entered my mind.
Turning to the camera, I opened my mouth, showing them my warm cum, a creamy, gelatinous mass on my tongue. I then turned to Chrissie and kissed her deeply, passing everything that I had collected to her. I smiled at the camera as she opened her mouth to show that I had passed my cum across, then swallowed.
Kelly applauded, while Sean laughed.
"We MUST try that," she squealed merrily, "on our first, then we'll let you see it. That was amazing."
Now it was Sean's turn. Kelly worked vigorously to make him cum, as Chrissie had done with me, until Sean brushed her aside and finished himself off on her face. She busied herself, pushing the running remnants into her mouth, before gathering the blob on her finger. She held it toward Sean.
"Go on, try it," she told him.
He was clearly reluctant, but as she pushed it towards him, it was clear that she called the shots. Gingerly, he bent forward and touched the goo with his tongue before pulling back. Kelly gave an exasperated sigh. "Just do it," she ordered, thrusting the finger into his face. He leaned forward, took her finger in his mouth and sucked it clean before swallowing. He pulled a slightly disgusted face before commenting.
"Doesn't taste of anything much. Just a bit of an odd texture."
The rest of us laughed.
"It's better warm," agreed Chrissie, "more runny, doesn't stick so much."
Kelly nodded, and proceeded to talk about the different tastes of semen she had sampled before meeting Sean. It was a discussion Chrissie could not enter into.
It was at this point that Kelly became aware of an important fact.
"Did you realise you've been broadcasting publicly for the whole time?"
We flicked back to the webcam site, and realised she was correct. Almost four hundred people had watched, and the comments were running wild. Rather than read them, however, we chose to just close down the feed. We weren't too bothered, after all, it was what we had set out to do, but I think we both rather wished we had stayed to engage with our avid viewers.
Still, perhaps we had hit on something much better. We continued to sit around, chatting with our new friends. We seemed to have a great deal in common, and were delighted that they wanted to stay in touch. They lived a couple of hundred miles away, so meeting was unlikely, but we agreed to meet on webcam regularly and have fun. They also agreed to introduce us to another couple they had met from the United States who they had found good company, and seek to set up a group webcam meeting.
Both Chrissie and I were delighted, and only left when we felt it was essential to get some sleep, over an hour later.
We got to bed, excited and feeling very sexually charged over our latest sexual exploit, and fucked vigorously once again as soon as we were between the sheets.
Over the next couple of days, we exchanged emails and photographs with Kelly and Sean, setting up another webcam assignation for Friday night. Before then, however, I had to conduct my first professional photoshoot on Wednesday.
I spent my time setting up a 'studio' area, with white and black backdrops, some fabrics and cushions to help reclining, and a few props - my favourite being a feather boa to lend a 'burlesque' feel to proceedings.
Cat was very natural. As a student, she was inquisitive and hard-working, and would often approach me to discuss issues raised in lectures. Her depth of enquiry was surprising for a nineteen year old. We had 'clicked,' and found we shared a similar range of interests - music, tv shows, movies, sports - and held very natural conversations. Unlike some, she was never flirty, and never seemed to have one of the late-adolescent crushes which some students seemed to get on lecturers.
After I left, she had contacted me on social media, asking about some issues related to the course she was studying. I knew the lecturer who took over my role, and, frankly, he was not particularly good and tended to avoid contact with students outside lectures and other required settings. Cat disliked him, so did I, and I had no difficulty in helping her out. She had also had a few issues recently - financial (like most students) and personal (splitting from a boyfriend). It was this, as well as her open, out-going personality which had encouraged me to contact her in the first place.
The fact was, I was really looking forward to seeing her again, and had arranged for her to call me for a chat about the shoot the day before. It was lovely to hear her cheerful voice again.
"Hi, Mark, it's Cat. How's things?"
"Hey Cat. Great thanks. Lovely to hear from you. How's Uni?"
"Gone to shit since you left. We got a new guy who seems to think we're still at school and just gets pissed off if we challenge him. So many of us are pissed off."
It was gratifying to hear that I was missed, and even though they had brought in someone new, it seemed he was following the typically dogmatic approach followed by so many, rather than being accommodating and responsive.
We chatted for a while about this, before turning to the main business of our photoshoot.
"I'm delighted you wanted to do this. Is there any reason?" I asked, probing.
"Yeah. I'm short of cash and thought I'd give it a try. I don't want bar work or something that takes fixed hours every week. The course don't work like that. You know how it is - weeks of nothing, then half a dozen assignments at once."
I knew what she meant - I had spent quite a lot of time trying to persuade staff to balance the workload, but they always said that students needed input first - not really true, as research was a big part of their role, and assignment content could easily be pitched at various levels.
"I thought," she said, "if I could get decently paid jobs for half a day or so a week, I'd rather do that."
"Well," I replied, "if you want decent pay, you're going to have to have to either be incredibly good, or offer something that others don't."
She went quiet. Clearly, what she was about to say was rather difficult.
"I know. I thought being a redhead might help - but also doing, like, glamour stuff. Not porn - but... well... you know."
I did, and considered my reply carefully.
"That's OK. I don't have a problem with it. Think how far you're happy to go. I suggest you show people what you're willing to do in your portfolio, and then they'll know."
"It's why I came to you first. I've never done stuff like this - I'm comfortable in my own skin. But this first time... I'm so nervous. At least I can trust you and know you won't force me to do stuff - and..." she suddenly became very coy - almost embarrassed - "I don't mind you seeing me."
I dropped into what I felt was an appropriate professional mode for a photographer.
"Look, when you arrive, I've no pre-set ideas. It's all about what you want and what you're comfortable. Be ready to push your comfort zone, but if it doesn't feel right when you get there, we can stop. I shan't force you into anything with all the sleazy lines - 'you'll never get work if you don't go all the way... all the other girls do it,' that sort of thing.
"I shan't judge either. I'll ask you to sign a release form, but if we get to a certain point, we'll stop that - I'll write the image number on the form, and anything beyond that will be private - just you and I will know about it."
"Sounds good," she replied, now more upbeat, "what clothes do I need?"
"Whatever you look good in. If you're talking glamour, some sexy stuff - tight tops, low cut, short skirts - you know better than me. Also lingerie - swimwear maybe - if you decide not to wear it, it's fine, but if you want to and it's not there, you'll be furious."
"OK. That sounds great. I'm looking forward to it - but... y'know... nervous."
I hoped she could hear the smile in my voice. In truth, I was probably equally apprehensive.
"You'll be great. Look. My wife's going to be here all the time, I make it a rule not to touch models, so you needn't worry about safety - and you know you'll look great."
I had never spoken to her about how attractive she was before, and I wondered if she knew. She was the sort of person who was totally unaffected, and I suspected that she was blissfully unaware of her impact on a large number of men - and the jealousy of a large number of women.
"OK. Thanks, Mark. I'll see you tomorrow. I feel better now - oh can your wife help with make-up? I'm crap at that stuff."
I laughed and told her that Chrissie could be with us the whole time if she wanted, which seemed to please her. We said our farewells and hung up.
Chrissie and I spent the evening 'testing' the studio area and the lighting. She loved my professional persona, directing her, in control as she stripped off, masturbated, and basically became a porn star. It was disappointing that our toys had not yet arrived - delayed, apparently, and not expected for another week. Still, there were other items which could be inserted - bottles, cucumbers and so on - and Chrissie improvised effectively - she had even heard that cucumbers could lead to discomfort afterwards, and had brought a packet of condoms to prevent this.
We decided not to have sex on the studio set (in case of stains), so took our inflamed libidos to bed, where we fucked rampantly before falling asleep.
Cat arrived promptly the following day, carrying two large bags of clothes. She dropped the bags as soon as she saw me and greeted me with a hug - the first physical contact we had ever had.
I was impressed to feel a full pair of breasts press against me, as she tended to wear rather unflattering outfits - loose jeans or flowing, 'gypsy' skirts, over-sized t-shirts and baggy hoodies. I had never really thought about what lay beneath, but realised that I was highly likely to find out today.
She hugged Chrissie as soon as she saw her, and it was clear that the two women took an instant liking to one another, as they immediately began to talk about me and my foibles. I wondered how deep that conversation might get as the shoot progressed.
We went through to the studio, and showed Cat the set-up. She seemed impressed, which was gratifying, and as Chrissie made coffee, I went through the same information as we had covered the evening before.
Chrissie joined us and reinforced what I was saying, and it was only towards the end of the discussion that she contributed anything outside my basic 'patter.'
"He's not like this with me. I just do what he tells me - and he's always touching me! If you get nervous, though, he has a good trick."
I wondered where she was heading with this, and if I should jump in, but decided to let her keep going.
"I was incredibly nervous at first - inhibited. But he did this course in hypnosis and just relaxed me. I didn't do anything I didn't want to, just relaxed and did things I'd always dreaded, but really wanted to."
Cat looked at me with the slight smile and twinkle in her eye which I desperately wanted to capture.
"I always said his voice was relaxing and hypnotic in lectures. If I lose my nerve, I'd love to give that a go."
There was a silence. Then I laughed.
"Well, later on, if you really want to, we'll see - but if we do, any photos after that will be private. I'm not sure it's ethical, even if you agree. Anyway. What you're saying about my lectures is that they sent you to sleep."
Cat denied that this was her intention, and we all laughed, enjoying the company. I decided it was time to start the shoot.
I had screened off a corner of the room for Cat to change, and busied myself with my camera and last minute checks on the strobe lighting, which would flash as I took the photograph. Chrissie waited until Cat was ready for make-up.
After five minutes, my wife was called and disappeared behind the screen.
A few minutes later, she reappeared and whispered in my ear:
"You're in for a treat!"
With great trepidation, Cat appeared. She looked incredible. Nothing like the figureless jeans and t-shirt girl I had known before.
She wore a tight, black dress, extending to mid-thigh, over fishnet tights (possibly stockings, but there were no lines to suggest this). String straps went over her shoulders, and the outfit plunged between her breasts, maybe open to a couple of inches above her navel.
She wore high heels, which emphasised her long, shapely legs. She had mentioned that she played sport, as part of the women's football club at the University, and the gentle swell of muscle added shape and tone. This extended to her buttocks, which stood out firmly from the gentle swell of her hips.
I felt my eyes drawn to her breasts. They were not as large as Chrissie's, but very ample above her slim waist - probably a B or C cup. She had the naturally fair skin colouring of many redheads, and this contrasted starkly with the black dress, making her almost monochrome, except for her flame-red hair. The effect was stark, and posed an instant problem: neither backdrop was appropriate.
I thought quickly about how to address the issue, and decided that a more casual environment might be better. I looked around, considering each room in the house, before concluding that the garden might be best - the greens setting off her hair and allowing the alabaster skin and black dress to be very evident.
In truth, I was not really concerned about these first shots. They were more about encouraging Cat to relax in front of the camera, and I shot numerous images while asking her to drop into a range of poses. I praised constantly, but was concerned that she seemed awkward - tense even.
Clearly, she was not comfortable with her outfit, as she kept tugging at the hem and picking imaginary fluff off the front of the dress. I decided a change was needed. I still had several very strong images, and was delighted to share with her the fact that she was, in truth, ridiculously photogenic.
"Have you got anything less formal?" I asked. "Something fun, perhaps?"
She thought. "I'm not sure. I can look, but... "
Chrissie interceded. "Let's have a look at your outfits and decide from there. Perhaps we can set up a 'running order'."
We returned inside and they disappeared behind the screen. I could clearly hear how the conversation changed, from being mostly Chrissie's voice to a more two-way dialogue, and ultimately giggles and whispers. It was followed by quiet discussion, which sounded quite serious before Chrissie reappeared.
"Cat's changing," she informed me, "then I'll do her hair and make-up. I think we've got something more in keeping with her personality. Black backdrop'll be best, I think."
Some ten minutes later, Cat reappeared, hair and make-up entirely different, and this time wearing what looked like a single sheet.
"It's a toga," she explained, "from a party a couple of years ago. I thought it might be fun for this."
The garment was a simple white tabard, extending to her knees, which wound up over her shoulder. A red belt went around her waist, emphasising her slim figure. It gaped invitingly under her arms, suggesting that, in certain positions, one might just get a flash of the side of her breast.
Now bare-footed, she seemed instantly more relaxed with the lack of formality.
She moved against the black backdrop and I began shooting a range of poses.
The remarkable thing with this outfit was that it fell away, revealing bare skin as she posed. Her legs were revealed up to the thigh, and the shoulder repeated fell away. I was also correct about the underarm gape. Frequently, her pale pink bra was revealed, both side strap and part of the cup - and this was the issue.
I called her over and showed her the pictures. She instantly saw the problem.
"What can I do?" She asked - though I suspected she was very aware of the answer.
I looked her in the eye and suggested two alternatives - either find a bra which is a perfect match for skin tone, or lose the bra altogether. She bit her lip, thinking, and came to a decision. She turned and disappeared behind the screen briefly, before resuming her place against the black backdrop.
As we started again, her decision was clear, as I asked her to pose with her fingers running through her hair. The side of her chest was now just bare skin, and as she turned to her stomach, the shape of her youthful breast was clearly visible.
We continued posing, now focusing on revealing more, but never exposing her nipple, until I called a halt. There was no question now that she was beginning to relax, and as I shared the photos with her, inviting her to look at her side-boob as she twisted and pulled the fabric, she seemed quite proud.
Once again, Chrissie took control, guiding Cat behind the screen and staying with her as she changed. The conversation had become decidedly 'giggly,' which was a good sign, as I really felt Cat was beginning to relax. Cat was still wearing the same outfit, however, when they both reappeared.
I must have looked surprised, as they both giggled, before Cat stepped forward.
"Mark. Would you try your hypnosis thing on me? I want to relax, and really want to do this, but every time I try to pluck up courage, I'm blushing and just feel like I won't get it right."
We talked for a while, as I checked that this was really what she wanted to do, and when finally convinced, I settled her in a reclining and organised the sounds, smells and visual cues I needed.
Like Chrissie, Cat trusted me, and it seemed that I was able to induce a light trance fairly easily. I implanted the same suggestion as with Chrissie - Cat would feel relaxed and comfortable being herself, and would progress to her natural limits without embarrassment.
As with Chrissie, when I woke her up, Cat's eyes were slightly unfocused, although she assured me that she felt no different and believed that there had been no real impact on her.
The two women disappeared once more, and when they reappeared, Cat was wearing a bikini. It was not exactly brief - her breasts and buttocks were covered - and the sides were held by strings, tied in neat bows.
I decided on a different approach.
"Imagine you're on a beach - walk on, look around, find a good place to sunbathe and settle down - change position to get a nice even tan all over."
She nodded, And walked onto the set as I snapped away. Chrissie had provided a towel as a prop, and I managed to get some nice views of her tight backside as she bent and arranged it on the floor.
This was the first real chance I had to appraise her body. Her legs were, as I had previously noted, firm and toned, with buttocks that protruded appealingly and strongly to stretch the fabric. Her stomach was flat, and while there was no six-pack, there was definitely muscle beneath the skin.
I decided her breasts were definitely a B cup, appearing larger as they were high and firm. I wondered what her nipples looked like - and wondered if I would find out.
Her movements now were natural, and she appeared totally at ease, whether due to my hypnosis, or because she simply felt more relaxed wearing fewer clothes. I later learned that this was not a rare phenomenon. Some models definitely felt more confident as they stripped.
She posed on the towel, on her front and back, then twisting to her side, as if with a companion.
I was about to stop and move on, when she suddenly sat up and looked around urgently.
"The beach is empty," she informed me, "I can relax properly."
She reached behind her and undid the string on her bikini top, lifting it over her head to reveal her breasts in all their glory. It was all I could do not to just stand and stare. I took image after image as she rolled and stretched, exactly as if she was on a sun-kissed beach, loving the warmth on her bare skin. This did not seem in any way sexual. Her nipples were small and pink, almost like bubble-gum, yet not erect.
Suddenly, she jumped up, covered her breasts with the towel and dashed behind the screen, where Chrissie joined her.
I wondered if her final dash had been because she regretted posing topless, but the laughter and giggles from behind the screen suggested otherwise.
I waited for ten minutes before Cat reappeared. This time, she wore lingerie - a green bra and matching panties, suspenders and stockings. Around her neck, she sported the black feather boa. I had been determined to remain professional during the shoot, but Cat just looked too good. I felt a definite twitch in my groin as I started to get hard.
She looked stunning, and as she started to pose, it was evident that she was deliberately emphasising her sexual instincts.
She bent over, legs apart, offering an amazing shot of her glorious ass. She pulled the boa between her legs and rubbed it across her crotch. She not only held her breasts, but pinched her nipples, causing them to push against the fabric of her bra.
Then she began to strip. At first, she placed a leg on a chair and unclipped and slid down a stocking. Then she lay on her back, one shapely leg extended vertically as she undid the fastenings, rolling down the stocking as she bent the raised leg. Turning onto her knees, she lowered her head on to a pillow and unclipped the suspender belt.
She turned her back, and unclipped her bra, presenting her back to the camera. She shrugged the straps off her shoulders, before turning. The boa was placed carefully to hide her exposed breasts as she turned, slipping the bra off and holding it in one hand before dropping it to the floor.
She teased and taunted, hiding behind the feathers for a while, before lifting the boa up high and revealing her breasts in full. Her nipples were now fully erect., darker than previously, standing more proudly and rock hard. I licked my lips, getting harder by the second.
Casually throwing the boa around her neck, she turned her back again and grabbed the waistband of her panties. I had not expected to see her fully naked, and somehow it seemed morally wrong - she was, after all, my student - ex-student, I reminded myself. She was doing this of her own free will, so there really was no issue.
As I watched and shot image after image, she rolled her panties down her legs, bending further as they went lower. I could see her perfect, firm buttocks, the crevice between them widening as she bent lower, her back passage dark and inviting against her pale skin.
Just below, pink, a splash of colour as her labia appeared, bright and obvious - a rose in the centre of her smooth, alabaster skin, split through the centre, with untold delights within.
I was rock hard as she stood and turned to face me. She cast aside the boa and posed, gloriously naked and utterly assured.
After a brief time, she seemed ready to bring our session to a close, and was about to move away when Chrissie whispered to me.
"Shouldn't you check if she's satisfied? Suggest if there's anything more she wants to do, now's the time."
Once again, the ethics of the situation came to mind. However, all I was doing was allowing her to behave as she genuinely wanted to - if anything, I was freeing from social constraints and letting her be herself. With that rationale, I followed Chrissie's idea.
"Perhaps you would like to go further. You might not have another chance. Now is the time to go for it. Do what you really want to."
Cat gazed at me, apparently torn between keeping going and closing the shoot. As I watched, I saw her fears fade, and her green eyes glaze over as her post-hypnotic state kept her highly suggestible.
She lay back on the cushions, bending one leg at the knee, spreading her thighs for the first time. It was clear that she was massively turned on by the situation. Her vulva were pink, pouting and there was layer of moisture on them.
Her hand reached for a nipple, which she began to pinch and tease. She lay back to free her other hand so that she could toy with both breasts, It was suddenly clear to me that she no longer cared about posing or photographs. What was happening now was purely for her own pleasure.
Her head went back, and she gasped with pleasure. Dragging her nails across her stomach, one hand descended between her legs, touching the puffy lips and finding the split in between.
Suddenly, she seemed to remember that she was a model, but rather than stopping, she carried on with her actions, but gazed, seductively, at the camera. Her hand spread her outer lips, exposing the even deeper pink within. I could see the dark hole, seemingly anxious to be penetrated, and above it, her clitoris.
She posed like this, willing me to photograph her open pussy, before returning to her more personal needs.
She touched her clitoris, and instantly groaned with delight. Apparently unaware of her audience, she began to stroke herself, fingers running from the dark hole, into which they pressed forcefully up to the beginning of the slit. She must have been well lubricated, as her fingers slipped with ease across her flesh.
She focused more intently on her clitoris, rubbing more firmly, with clear intent. She abandoned her breast, now wanting to feel her fingers inside her, working away as deep as possible in the hole which my cock yearned to enter.
I glanced at Chrissie, who gazed at the young woman spreadeagled on our floor with open lust. I knew she wanted nothing more than to lick the wet, open, fresh cunt, but would not. She was aware, as was I, that our rules for working with models were never to be broken.
Cat continued to masturbate, one finger flickering across her clit, two fingers from the other hand working away inside her. I continued taking photo after photo, capturing her face as her climax approached.
Suddenly, she expelled an almighty moan, followed by another, her cries gradually dying away as the intensity of her orgasm waned.
Regaining control of her mind, Cat gazed at the camera. She raised the fingers of one hand to face, sucked each one, sensually, revelling in the taste of her own juices.
The silence was suddenly broken, this time by Christine.
"That was... incredible."
This time, the spell was broken. Cat looked down at herself, the erect nipples, wetness, now drying on her thighs, and the pink, aroused lips.
I had expected panic, embarrassment, a quick grab for something to cover herself and a dash to the screen. Instead, she stood slowly, apparently comfortable with her nudity, and strolled, hips swaying, to the screen. She disappeared behind it, but instead of staying there to get dressed, she reappeared, holding her clothes.
"How did I do?" Asked Cat. "D'you think I might make some money modelling?"
She sorted her clothes slowly, not rushing as she spoke.
I was flustered, but managed to speak. "Well... yes. You're more beautiful than I ever imagined, and if you're happy to pose like that, you'll definitely get work."
I didn't mention that she might be more reluctant to pose in some of the more pornographic positions with another photographer, and without my relaxation technique. I was sure, however, that she would get work - as a photographic model, at events and in other scenarios for which she would be far better paid than many students.
She pulled on her panties. "Some of my friends are interested - you know Amy and Sophie - can I tell them to come? They're nervous. I'll tell them about your relaxation technique. It's... well... amazing. I've always wanted to be an exhibitionist, but never dared before. It's a fantasy come true. Really."
She had pulled her jeans on before replacing her bra, and now stood, comfortably topless before us. She looked at her breasts.
"I'm not going to wear a bra. It'll be fun letting my tits swing loose, especially with hard nipples. I can tease all the perves."
She laughed sweetly, as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth as she pulled on her t-shirt, breasts bouncing gently and nipples proudly pointing straight ahead.
As we tidied up, Cat called some friends, and I steadily filled my diary with photoshoots.
Eventually, with great regret, it was time for Cat to leave.
"Can I drop in for coffee when I'm passing?" She asked. "It'd be lovely to pass some time just chatting - and I can pick your brain for my Uni work. Perhaps another shoot sometime too?"
"That'd be great," I replied, "how about next Wednesday - you've booked me up shoots for most of the week."
We agreed, and with hugs and kisses all round, Cat skipped away.
Chrissie looked at me. "Coffee and work chat? We can do better than that next week, surely."
I laughed. "Stop it. She might have been relaxed enough to do that, but I can't see it going further."
Chrissie raised a sceptical eyebrow. "Really? We'll see. Bet you we get to fuck her,"
I laughed again. "You're on. What we betting?"
She thought. "A dare. Winner dares the loser. Right now though, we've got half an hour before collecting the kids, and I'm horny as hell."
We dashed upstairs and fucked passionately, desperate for release, before normality descended once more.
As well as our daily sexual activity, the only other event on our calendar was meeting up with Kelly and Sean on webcam.
When we met, we all started off fully clothed. It was pleasant. They were a genuinely amicable couple, and we had a great deal in common. We enjoyed the sexual activity - again, it was passionate and exciting - we were loving sharing, and they were wonderful people to share with.
It was towards the end of our get-together, as we all sat around naked in a haze of post-coital bliss that Sean made a suggestion.
"Look. I'm off work next week and we'd love to meet you both. How would it be if we book into a hotel near you and we meet up for drinks? If it goes well, perhaps we could take it further."
Chrissie spoke up before I could get a word in. "That'd be amazing. We'd love it. Give us a day and we 'll get a babysitter."
So it was agreed. We would meet them at the hotel, and if all went well, either up to their room, or back to our house. Apparently, our exploits were about to start moving up a notch...
In part 3 - who will win the bet when Cat pops on for her social visit? What will the loser have to do? How will the meeting with Kelly and Shaun go? And what next? Will the photography business present new opportunities? Will we decide to take things further after meeting Kelly and Shaun, or will our swinging experiments stop there?