Ch 9 - The Return of Johnson
The bus driver stared at her, but shut the door behind her and drove on after she paid her fare. She sat up near the front in the bench seats that could be folded up to provide space for wheelchairs.
As the bus drove along and made its stops, a young man got on and sat across from her. After he sat down he suddenly saw her and his jaw dropped open. She smiled at him. Then she arched her back and stretched, yawning, and her DD breasts jutted out in front of her, she looked over at him, and somehow managed to avoid laughing as his eyes seemed to get as big as saucers. She pretended to look out the front window, but slowly spread her legs further and further apart.
She loved this! She glanced over at the young man. He was definitely younger than her--a teenager. He wasn't even looking at her face--he was staring up her dress!
She reveled in her exhibitionism. The bus stopped hard at a light that changed quickly, and she used that as an excuse to spread her legs wide, lurching to the side to pretend she did so as a result of the stop.
She glanced quickly over at the young man, and was delighted to see his mouth wide open, his eyes were enormous, and tunnel-vision focused on her wet exposed pussy.
She realized she had to close her legs a little or else the bus driver might notice what's going on. But she squirmed in her seat--wishing the young man sitting across from her would come over and fuck her. Only her fear of being arrested prevented her from crossing over and sitting in his lap. She glanced over again and confirmed he apparently had a raging hard-on. She would unzip his pants, and straddle his cock until he was buried in her sopping cunt. She imagined herself fucking him, sitting on his lap, her dress pushed up around her waist, his hands grasping her ass, her dress pulled down from her tits, his lips locked on one of her nipples.
She was forced to assume a more modest seat as the bus stopped and several people from the rear of the bus got off. She realized the next stop was her old stop, and decided to get off there. She pulled the cord to signal a bus stop and stood up.
Seeing another chance to tease the young man, she stood as close to him as possible while holding the poles in the bus. As the bus bumped and lurched, she made sure her thighs brushed up against his legs and her tush waved in his face.
She got off at the bus stop and started walking. It was unseasonably warm, but still chilly--it was December after all. However, Amber's blood was racing, and she barely felt the chill. Not knowing where else to go, she traced her steps as if she were still working at the Dahlia Lounge. This took her through the "Red Light District".
She walked past a porno shop. As she looked at the display, she saw large posters for the latest Amber Butterfly DVD. She looked at it a moment. She toyed with the idea of walking in and taking a closer look, but decided against it. She moved on.
As she walked, she was conscious of stares from people. There were sailors here and there--with their "Crackerjack" uniforms and "Dixie Cup" hats. A Navy ship must be in port. She realized now that she didn't have a clue where she was going or what she was looking for. She had a vague idea of meeting up with a guy, shit--she didn't even have any money to get in a club.
She thought of going to "The Sapphire Lounge"--at least that was one place where being a porn star didn't seem likely to get her fired. Might bring in more customers actually. She HAD to get a job. She was getting desperate, and it's not as if she had a reputation to protect any longer. Besides, after flashing the young man on the bus she realized that she was turned on by people looking at her body. She headed that direction.
"Looking for a date?" a voice asked her.
She turned and saw a sailor walking beside her. She knew right away what he wanted of course. A year ago she would not have.
"Uhhh--I don't know..." she replied uncertainly.
"Come on! Please. I've been at sea for months!" he replied despondently. "I've got the worst case of blue balls I've ever had!"
How could she refuse? She was desperate for sex herself. They were figuratively "in the same boat"!
"Um. Okay--sure," she said.
"How much for a blowjob?" he asked.
How much? She absolutely had no clue what the going rate was for a blowjob. What to charge? She didn't want to drive him off by asking too much.
"Um--how about twenty bucks?" she asked uncertainly.
"Is that all? You got a deal! Do you have a place nearby?"
Now she wished she had asked for more--but her primary motive was sex, not money.
"Uh--No! Don't you?" she replied.
"I can't take you on my ship!" he snorted back.
"Oh, that's right--um..." she stopped suddenly by an alleyway.
"Down here," she said decisively, walking down the alleyway.
"In an alley?" he asked uncertainly as he followed her.
"What do you expect for twenty bucks!" she snapped.
The sailor got over his hesitation quickly.
"Over here," she led him over by a dumpster.
She pulled down the top of her cocktail dress until her tits sprang free, appreciating his facial expression. She let him feel them for a minute, then she knelt before him. The grit and hard pavement was hard on her knees, but she was already breathing hard in anticipation of finally having a cock down her throat after so many months. She pulled his jumper top up a little bit to get at his trousers. What she saw astonished her. She had never encountered a sailor's jumper trousers before.
"What the fuck?" she gasped in astonishment. There was not an ordinary belt on the sailors trousers. There was a flap, about eight inches to a side, attached at the bottom, and held on the sides and top by no less than 13 buttons. Amber had never seen a Naval "Cracker Jack" uniform up close.
"What the Hell do you do if you have to pee real bad?" she asked as she stared at the buttons with disbelief.
" You just make sure you get into the bathroom in plenty of time," he chuckled as he reached down to help her unbutton them.
Shortly she had his flap down, and a strap across the beltline could be left buttoned to hold the trousers up. Once the flap down, the uniform was perfect for blowjob purposes. If it weren't for all the buttons, one might think it was designed just for this purpose. Too bad the flap wasn't attached with Velcro instead of 13 buttons.
The poor guy was so stiff it was hard to extract his cock out of his underwear. Then she had it out. She sighed with pleasure as she stroked the leathery skin of his stiff cock. It felt good just to have a stiff cock in her hand again. She rubbed her thumb on the soft spongy head. She pulled it up some and reached under to pull out the sailor's balls.
Ah, he had a big pair of balls! They were obviously swollen, so she gingerly massaged them. She had to have them in her mouth. She pulled one into her mouth, looking up to watch his reaction as she sucked on it. He was definitely enjoying it!
She spit out his testicle and took the other one in her mouth, holding his dick up against his belly to keep it out of the way. She loved watching his face as she did this. She was anxious to get his cock in her mouth though, so she spit out his nut and his cock back down. She examined the head in the dim light and flicked her tongue around, again looking up to watch his reaction.
She paused until she made sure he was watching her, then she opened her mouth wide and slid her lips down his cock shaft.
He moaned with impatience and thrust forward--she held her hand up against his groin to signal him to be patient. He pulled her lips off his cock for a minute and told him to be still. He nodded, biting his lip.
She smiled up at him and returned her focus to his cock. She licked her tongue up the underside of his prick, and the wrapped her mouth around the side of his shaft and slid her mouth up and down, and then repeated this action on the other side, and then slid her mouth and took his spongy cock head back into her mouth and sucked on it gently, flicking her tongue on the slit at the tip.
She pulled her mouth off again and stroked his erection a few times, then opening her mouth wide, she slid his cock back in, this time going deep. She was gratified to her him gasp with pleasure, and this time she kept it in her mouth, and started bobbing her head back and forth slowly, stroking his cock at the base with her hand
Sweet Jesus she loved giving head! She felt her pussy contract and juice up even more. Why did giving a blowjob turn her on so much? Maybe it was the act of giving pleasure--knowing that she was turning someone on, giving them an orgasm, making them cum.
These thoughts made her hotter, and she sucked off the sailor with increasing enthusiasm, eager for his cum.
Back and forth her head went, wet lips sliding up and down the sailor's shaft, faster and faster, going deeper. The sounds of her slurping and sucking seemed to echo in the alleyway.
She pulled off for a minute to catch her breath, though she continued stroking him rapidly.
"Oh baby, your cock is so tasty," she moaned up at him. "I want your cum--just let her rip--okay?"
He nodded, panting, and grasped her head to direct her mouth back on to his organ. She started moving her head up and down, lips sealed around his cock. She turned her head to the side a bit, causing his cock head to push out her cheek. Back and forth she went, moaning and swirling her tongue around his shaft, stroking him hard with her hand. The sailor cried out suddenly, and involuntarily started thrusting in her mouth.
Then he stopped, and she felt his first cum spurts hit the back of her throat. She stroked him, milking him, encouraging him to continue cumming, and he continued to do so, and she had to swallow quickly to keep up with him. Her mouth was full of cum, and streams of his jism were starting to run out her lips and down her chin. She decided to direct his last shots on to her tits, and pulled him out of her mouth. This action caused a lot of cum to spill out and down over her chin, and as she continued stroking, his hot jism sprayed her on her exposed tits.
Finally he was drained, and Amber sighed with pleasure as his cock slipped from her lips, and she started rubbing the cum into her tits as if it were a lotion.
"Jesus Christ," the sailor exclaimed. "That was the best blowjob I've ever had."
Amber smiled up at him, and reached to stroke his flaccid cock. She was proud of her cock-sucking skill. Her cunt was throbbing though and desperately needed attention.
"That was some great love juice baby. Maybe I can breathe some more life in you and you can fuck me for no extra charge?" she suggested.
"HOLY SHIT" the sailor suddenly yelled.
She looked with astonishment as the sailor suddenly pulled away from her and bolted down the alleyway, his now-limp cock bouncing up and down before him. Did she scare him away?
Flashing red and blue lights on the other side suddenly alerted her as to the reason for his flight. A floodlight caught her cold, still on her knees, the sailor's cum on her lips and chin and all over her bare tits. There was no running for her, she realized right away, as the two cops got out the cruiser and approached her. She was busted.
She stood up and pulled her dress back up over her tits and watched apprehensively as the two cops approached her. The bright lights of the cruiser silhouetted them--they were young, trim and the nightsticks dangled from their sides. She backed up a little until her back bumped up against the dumpster.
The cops were looking down the alley at the fleeing john.
"Should we go after him?" one of them asked.
"Naw, he's too far away--I can't even see where he went now," the other replied.
They turned their attention to Amber.
"You're taking a big risk working this block. If Seritta catches you, she'd tear your eyes out."
One of them said to her.
"I don't know what you mean," she said.
They both laughed.
"Okay, tell us what you were doing here, on your knees, our tits hanging out, cum all over your face and tits, and your john taking off down the alley" one of them said, folding his arms.
What could she say? She tried, grasping at straws.
"Um, I lost some money, and the kind gentleman was just helping me look for it. My dress just accidentally came loose."
The officers laughed.
"What about the cum all over your face and tits?" one of them asked, barely able to do so because he was laughing so hard.
"That's not cum--that's, that's--a, a--I was eating a yogurt cone earlier--it started melting because I was trying to find my money and got all over me."
The cops were practically roaring now. One of them was doubled over he was laughing so hard.
"I'm glad you are so entertained," she said, unable to control her sarcasm.
One of them recovered enough to arrest her.
"Okay, that's the funniest story I've heard in a long time, go ahead and turn around, and put your hands up on the dumpster."
She complied, unable to keep tears from her eyes. This was going to ruin her life even more!
"Please don't arrest me! Please--I can't get arrested!"
One of them knelt and picked up the twenty-dollar bill the sailor had paid her. She must have dropped it.
"Is this all he paid you?" he asked in surprise.
She tried to stifle a sob as she nodded.
"With a body like that? This is all you charge?" he asked in astonishment. "You ARE new at this aren't you? First time?"
She nodded.
"How--how did you know? She stammered.
"You don't know what to charge, you don't know that this is another hooker's block, you blew your john in front of the dumpster when you should have gone behind it to stay out of sight, and you're too soft to have done this for long."
"Come on," the other said. "Hands up on the dumpster, bend over, legs apart. Any needles?"
"No," Amber started sobbing as she complied.
The officer squatted down and frisked her legs.
The other one started laughing. "Gotta check those legs for weapons?"
"You bet," said his partners as he ran his legs up and down Amber's smooth well-sculpted thighs. He ran his hands up and down her smooth torso and then up to her swaying tits.
"I think she's got some serious weapons here," he said with a laugh, making his partner laugh as well.
"Maybe I better check out what she's hiding under there," the other one said, running his legs up between her legs.
"Whoa," he said, flipping up her skirt. "...not hiding anything it seems."
One of them shown their flashlight on her bare ass.
"Check out that ass!" one of them said with amazement.
"Jesus Christ, look at the tattoo--the fairy looks just like her!"
"I know that ass--I saw it in a porno..."
"Yes, I'm Amber Butterfly! I was just rehearsing for a new movie!" she proclaimed, hoping it would help keep them from arresting her for prostitution.
"That's her alright. Look at that ass!" one of them said.
"Damn, I've got some serious wood!"
Amber in spite of her predicament, felt herself getting excited again being examined in this way, and she sensed an opportunity
She wiggled her ass.
"If you let me go, you can fuck me," she said sweetly.
The two partners looked at each other. One of them shrugged.
"All right, you got a deal--both of us," one said, pulling a rubber out of his wallet. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his stiff cock, and slipped the condom on.
Amber spread her legs further apart and hiked her hind quarters as high as she could. Her ass cheeks were quivering with anticipation. Her pussy was so wet, a drop of natural lubricants ran down her thigh. She looked back. What was taking them so long?
"Please fuck me! I need it so bad!" she asked, and wiggled her ass in enticement.
The only delay had been them debating who went first. They made the decision based on seniority.
"I'll fuck her first, you keep watch," Officer Malone told his partner.
With that, he grasped her ass with one hand, and guided his cock into her wet pussy with the other. It slipped right in, and he grabbed her waist with both hands and pushed forward, and was buried to the balls with a single thrust, her ass landing against his groin with a loud smack.
"Oh God! That feels so good!" she gasped and whimpered, experiencing a minor orgasm just from the initial penetration. It didn't take much for her to cum, and she had been without a cock for way too long.
Officer Malone started fucking her. Damn the bitch was hot! He could feel her moisture even through the condom. It was as if her pussy were filled with hot oil.
"Fuck me hard!" she begged, looking back at him.
He obliged her, grabbing her waist hard for leverage, and pistoned in and out of her cunt rapidly.
"Oh yea!, she cried out. "fuck me, fuck, fuck. Oh God, yeah, that's it. Oh, that feels so good! Keep going! You're dick feels so good! Fuck me, fuck, oh yea. My cunt needs it! That's good, oh, oh, yea, ohhhh!" she cried out.
Between Amber's vocal pleasure, the hot squeezing of her cunt, and the sight her beautiful round ass slapping against his belly pushed him over the edge, and he started cumming inside his condom.
In a flash, he had cum, pulled out, and had removed his condom and thrown it into the dumpster she was leaning against.
"Your turn Daniels," Malone said as he zipped up his pants.
Amber stayed in the same position. She didn't move, but just looked back, her pussy still exposed and waiting for a fuck. She had not been entirely satisfied with Malone, but any cock was better than none. She hoped the younger man would be better.
He was, she moaned with pleasure as he fucked her. Daniels not only had a bigger dick, but he knew how to use. It was he who had identified her, and when he had watched the video of her a few weeks ago, he had wished he was fucking her. Now he was. He grabbed her swaying tits and pounded into her hard.
Amber grabbed the metal rim of the dumpster hard as she thrust back against the cop who was doing such a fine job of fucking her. She shoved her ass back, urging him on as he fucked her. He grabbed a handful of her hair with one hand, and continued pounding her as she came over and over, crying out in pleasure. The slapping noises of their fucking echoed down the alley.
Malone looked back with annoyance. "Hurry it up Daniels!"
Daniels wished he could cum in her face, but he didn't want to irritate his senior partner, so he let loose and started cumming in his rubber. He came so hard he nearly lost his balance. It helped him to cum hearing her cry out again, clearly cumming hard herself.
When it was over, she stood up and turned around, hugging him and pulling him close for a kiss on the lips.
"Oh, that was so good!" she whispered.
"Yeah, for me to, but we've got to get going," he said, disengaging her arms and pulling off the condom.
He threw it in the dumpster and turned back to her as he zipped up his pants.
"Look, I've got some advice for you. If you're going to do this sort of thing, take your John to a motel or a private room. And also, you'd better find a different block to work. We weren't kidding about Seritta. She already has two felony convictions for assault. She beats up girls like you who steal her business away."
Amber nodded, pulling the dress back up over her tits and smoothing it back down to cover her bare ass. She knew she would never flirt with prostitution again.
The cops were starting to get in the cruiser.
"Wait!, she cried out. "Can you guys give me a ride home?"
"Sorry--take a bus," Daniels said.
"Wait--there's no bus this time of night! I don't have enough for a cab! Please, I'll give you both blowjobs!"
The two looked at each other again.
"Alright. I'll bet you suck cock real good too. But let's do this when we get there. We've been here too long as it is."
Amber woke the following morning to a knocking on the door. She sat up. The knocking sounded louder--insistent. Who could it possibly be? Amber felt nervous suddenly, and peeked out of her bedroom window, which looked out onto the front balcony. She was wearing a coat in the chill air, but Amber knew at once who it was.
It was Cinnabar! She backed away quickly, hoping Cinnabar had not seen her.
The knock sounded again, louder.
"Amber, I know you're in there! Please open the door! I need to talk to you!" Cinnabar yelled.
Amber peered out again carefully. She saw that Cinnabar had her face up against the window to the front room. She pulled away quickly and hid out of sight when she saw her come toward her bedroom window.
"Amber? Please it's important!" Cinnabar called.
Then she was back at the front door, knocking very hard this time, and trying the door knob.
"Amber--listen to me," Cinnabar shouted. "I didn't know what they were going to do--I swear! Please, you have to believe me!"
It sounded as if Cinnabar were close to crying, but Amber was not moved. She did not trust Cinnabar.
"Amber, they put something in our drinks! I didn't know they did that! You HAVE to believe me!" Cinnabar called through the door.
She then moved back along the balcony to the bedroom window.
"I never wanted you to be hurt!" Cinnabar cried through the window.
"AMBER!" she cried, thumping her fist on the window in frustration.
There was a shrill, insistent pitch to Cinnabar's pleading, and Amber was just about to show herself and let Cinnabar in.
Suddenly the next-door neighbor opened the door and stuck his head out.
"There's no one home lady--why don't you go home before I call the cops on you for disturbing the peace?"
Cinnabar looked once more at the bedroom window, and in that moment Amber knew that Cinnabar somehow knew she was inside, even though Amber had taken care to remain out of sight.
Amber heard Cinnabar catch her breath in a way that sounded almost like a sob and then she rushed off.
Amber started crying and blubbered on her pillow until hunger pushed her back out of bed.
She got up and made her self a couple of eggs, a slice of toast and coffee. As she cooked, she looked anxiously in the refrigerator. She thought there was enough to last until Paul came back on the 29th. Diana was supposed to be back on the 1st. She wished she had enough money to have her own place and buy her own food--but who would hire her? If she got another job, Johnson would find out and get her fired by emailing her boss with pictures or clips of her.
Maybe she would have to change her name and disguise her appearance so that she could deny she was the woman in the pictures and clips--change her hair color and length, maybe wear glasses though she didn't need them.
She went down to check the mail. Outside, it was dark and gray and looked like it was going to rain--maybe even snow. She shivered and grabbed the mail and went back in to the warmth of the apartment.
She sat down on the sofa and looked at the mail. The heating bill. She wished she could pay it for her friends. A Christmas card for Paul. Diana was Jewish--but someone had sent her a Christmas card anyway. There were no Christmas cards for her. There was something for her though--it looked like a letter.
It was not bulk mail or presorted. Nice envelope--the return address looked like a law firm: Duncan, Born & Grogan, PLLC.
She opened it up and pulled out the folded letter within. It was only one page, but when she finished her heart was beating rapidly.
After she had been told in the DA's office that there was no hope of criminal charges against Johnson or his employer, she had given up--thinking there was no other recourse. This lawyer, Robert Grogan, said he might be able to negotiate a settlement for her.
Her cell phone account was suspended because she didn't have money to put toward the bill. She could send and receive text messages--but that was it. How could she call? She thought there was one at a corner store a couple of blocks down the street. She pulled on her jeans and a shirt, pulled a pair of pumps and pulled her sweatshirt over her head.
She went in the store and broke one of the Twenties that she had earned the previous night and dialed the number. Within a few minutes, she had an appointment for a meeting with the attorney. She hung up excited--barely able to keep from jumping up and down.
"I can't stop them from selling, publishing your pictures, clips, etc., but I might be able to negotiate a settlement."
Amber was sitting in the conference room of Duncan, Born & Grogan, talking to Robert Grogan. Do I understand you haven't received anything at all for this?"
"Not a penny."
Amber told him everything--leaving nothing out.
"I'll see if I can negotiate some sort of deal. Give me about a week, and then I'll get hold of you."
Amber was thrilled. She might have some money coming--which she so desperately needed. A week. She might have a settlement before Paul and Diana came home. She resisted the urge to jump up and down. That night, she could barely sleep.
"Shit!," Amber said to herself as she looked out the window.
She had been watching the snow falling, and saw a black Escalade pull into one of the empty parking stalls below. She knew right away who it was.
Amber hurriedly turned off the light and stood behind the front door where she would not be visible to any window.
She heard him walking along the balcony. She knew that walk anywhere! And then a second later his knock on the door. He had an insistent way of knocking on the door. He knocked again louder.
"Come on Amber, I know you're there! You might as well just open up now!", he called through the door.
Amber held her breath, hoping he would think she wasn't home and would go away. How did he find her anyway?
"Amber, open the fucking door. I know you're there--I saw the light go out."
She knew then that it was useless to deny it.
"Go away!" she cried out.
"Open the fucking door!" he called through the door. "We need to talk, and I've got something for you."
"Go away and leave me alone! Haven't you done enough to destroy my life?" she yelled back.
"Amber, you either open this door now, or I'm going to make such a scene, that the landlady will evict you," he threatened.
"Damn him damn him damn him!" she thought to herself, furious.
She opened the door a crack.
"What the fuck do you want?" she asked savagely.
Johnson shoved the door open and pushed his way inside.
"Not nice to leave me out there in the cold," he said, barging in.
"Say what you've come to say, and then get the Hell out of here," she demanded.
"Babe, it's been a while since we've seen each other, can't I even get a kiss?"
"You're lucky I don't give you a belt across the mouth. What do you want?" she replied.
"I've got a Christmas present for you," he said, holding a gift-wrapped box up to her.
"I don't want anything from you, if that's all, you need to leave now," she snapped.
"Aren't you at least curious? Won't you at least open it?' he asked.
She was silent for a moment. What would it hurt to open it up?
"Okay," she snapped, grabbing the box and walking into the living room. "But this is not going to change anything. You ruined my life, and now I don't want you in it! Is that clear?"
"Yes, very clear."
She sat down on the sofa and unwrapped the box, pausing only to glare at him as he sat beside her, but when she saw he wouldn't move any closer or touch her, she resumed unwrapping the box. She opened it and removed the tissue paper, and held up a beautiful black dress.
She stood up and held it in front of her, looking it over carefully. There was no price tag on it, but she knew her apparel well enough to know that it had to have been very expensive. Gorgeous too--there was no denying that.
"Beautiful," she admitted out loud reluctantly.
"There's more," he said, pointing to a couple of other items in the box.
She pulled out a pair of black sandal pumps for her feet. She looked at the black crisscross strapping that went all across the tops and would go up her angles. They would go with the dress perfectly
"Go try it on," Johnson urged her.
She looked at him suspiciously. "Don't you dare come in to the room while I'm changing."
He sat down unmoving.
At first she was going to go into her room, but decided to try it on in Paul and Diana's room instead, since their closet doors were full length mirrors. She wanted to see what it looked like.
It was a black one-piece cocktail dress. The top was cut in a V that tastefully showed off her cleavage. The skirt came down to about just above her knees, with a long slit on one side. She pulled on the pumps. They had crisscross strapping that went up her ankles. She liked them. They made her legs look sexy. She stood up and looked at herself in the mirror.
She was stunned with how she looked. Sexy and beautiful. For the first time in months, she felt good about herself.
"I have something else that goes with it."
Amber whirled around.
"Get out of here!" she yelled at him.
He held out a small rectangular gift-wrapped box to her.
"Please--just open this--I want to see it on you in the mirror."
She snatched the small box and opened it up.
She gasped as she pulled a diamond choker. It had a black ribbon to tie around her neck, with a diamond pendant fashioned in the form of a butterfly.
Johnson came up and took it gently from her hands.
"Let me help you with that," he said.
She turned and faced the mirrored closet as he reached around and fastened it.
He put his hand son her shoulders and looked over her shoulder at her reflection in the mirror.
"See, you're stunning. You don't belong in the self-imposed cage you've been living in the past few months."
She looked at herself in the mirror, her chest heaving, her face turning red. She didn't like where this was going.
"Okay, you need to get out of here," she said, pushing him before her, back into the living room.
"Don't you like it?" he asked.
"Yes, but this changes nothing. Johnson, you deceived and betrayed me. I think you'd better go now."
"I have more gifts in the Escalade. I know I screwed up, but I'm trying. Can I just go bring them up? Will you promise not to lock me out?"
She nodded. As he went back out, she couldn't help but return to the room to look at herself in the mirror again. She was getting hot in spite of herself. She bolted back out of the room as she heard Johnson struggling at the door.
Good grief, his arms were full of gift-wrapped packages.
She helped him in and grabbed a few of them and set them on the coffee table.
"Johnson, you're not trying to bribe me into anything are you?" she asked with a warning tone in her voice.
"NO--no, I know I hurt you really bad. I know that you'll never be mine again. I'm just trying to do something to make it up to you," he assured her, as he sat down on the sofa in front of the pile of gift-wrapped boxes.
"Here," he said, handing another one to her.
She unwrapped it and found another dress. Then there was a pair of earrings--sapphires. Then more clothes. She took them into the room and changed, coming out to model for him.
"Can I get some pictures?" he asked.
She thought about it for a moment. She enjoyed being photographed, but didn't want to be exploited by Johnson again. But, it wasn't like she was nude, and there were already plenty of pictures and clips of her not only nude, but getting fucked all over the internet for anyone to see. What could it hurt if he had a few pictures of her dressed? So why not? Besides, she was eager to try everything on. She nodded and went back to change.
The clothes all fit her perfectly. He was always good at remembering her sizes, and they all looked good on her, and they were all sexy, and got sexier with each box she opened.
She was having a great time, and was posing for his pictures in sexier and sexier outfits, and she was feeling hot. Another box had a pair of sheer black French stockings. She loved wearing stockings. These had seams up the back, and also had a lacy fringe around the tops that would go around her thighs. She pulled a pair of garter belts out of the box also to hold the stockings up. There was also a lacy black bra, that looked like it would barely cover her breasts, and a gorgeous sheer black teddy to go with it all.
"Go on, try it all on," Johnson urged.
"I need to go pee first," she said and went to the bathroom.
While she was in the bathroom, Johnson quietly slipped into her bedroom, setting a number of small cameras around the room--on nightstands, and dressers. He already could access the web cam on the desk and had caught her lesbian encounter with Diana--that would be in the next movie also. A couple of the cameras were disguised as cell phones--he hoped she wouldn't notice both of them, another was actually his real camera, but was set to film--he had a huge amount of memory in it. He heard the toilet flush and hurried back to the living room where he was innocently seated when Amber returned.
While she was in the bathroom, she had been thinking about whether or not to try on the lingerie Johnson had bought her. She loved wearing it, but was trying to figure out if he was finding a way to victimize her again. But she was feeling sexy and was eager to try it on. What was the worst that could happen? He had already ruined her life, she thought bitterly. She might as well get some enjoyment.
"Stay here," she told him tersely as she took the box of lingerie into Diana's room.
In the room, she pulled off the last dress she had modeled for him, along with her undergarments. She stood for a moment looking at her naked body in the mirror. She licked her lips as she brought her hands up to her swelling breasts. She cupped them and squeezed them gently, pinching her hardening nipples between her fingers. She suppressed a moan as she ran her hands up and down her naked body. God she was hot!
She sat down and looked at the box of lingerie. First, she pulled the stockings up her legs slowly, luxuriously, loving the delicious way the clung to her legs. Next she put on the garter belt and clipped the straps to the stockings. Then she pulled on the g-string--loving the way the silky material slipped up between her ass cheeks and along her wet pussy. The side straps were tie-on. Just a quick yank of one of the strings would be enough to make them fall off. She was nearly hyperventilating as she pulled on the skimpy bra, also a tie-on and pulled the filmy teddy on. It was held together in front by a single tie. She pulled her pumps back on, and borrowing Diana's brush, she brushed out her lustrous golden blond hair. Then she looked in the mirror and nearly swooned with arousal.
She fell backward on the bed, sprawled out, rubbing her hands on her thighs. She slipped her fingers underneath the front panel and stroked her pussy. It was dripping wet, and her clit was so swollen it felt as if it were about to explode.
Suddenly she was aware of the door opening and bolted to her feet.
"GET OUT!" she yelled at Johnson.
"Your lips may be saying that, but I don't think that's what your other lips are saying," he said with a leer.
She knew he was right about that. Her pussy was throbbing--desperate for attention. Her chest was heaving, her nipples poking through the thin silky fabric.
He grabbed her by the shoulders forcefully, and spun her around to look in the mirror.
"What do you see?" he demanded.
She was panting hard now. Her swollen tits were heaving up and down in the mirror. Her moist lips were trembling with lust. Her big brown eyes looked glassy.
Johnson reached around and cupped her sensitive tits, squeezing and pushing them together.
"You're a slut--look at yourself. You need to face that fact."
"No," she whispered weakly.
"You are!"
He reached down with one hand, sliding it along her flat tight belly, and slipped a finger in her wet slit. He pulled it back up and slipped the same finger into her mouth. She found herself sucking on it--almost reflexively. Then he reached down again, slipped it back into her pussy and clinched her swollen clitoris.
"Admit it--you're a hot slut. SAY IT!" he demanded, squeezing her clit It hurt but also felt good.
She gave a little yelp.
"SAY IT!" he demanded insistently.
"I'm a slut," she whispered.
"Again, louder!"
"I'M A SLUT! A fucking whore," she yelled, a tear in her eye.
She felt him grip wrist firmly, and pull it over, guiding her hand to his hard phallus. Somehow, he had undone his zipper and pulled it out. Her hand gripped it. She had forgotten how big and hard it could get. She stroked it, feeling her knees get week.
"No!" she cried, and tried to run out of the room.
Johnson grabbed her arm and whirled her back around.
"Take it in your hand!" he commanded forcefully, gripping her wrist again and pulling it back to his stiff cock.
She found herself stroking him. Her arm seemed to move independently of her mind, stroking and caressing his cock.
"You know what you want to do, babe. On your knees!" he ordered.
"You need to leave," she said weakly, but her hand did not leave his prick.
"Bullshit. I need to fuck you good and hard, and you know you need that as well. But first I want a blowjob. I've been missing your sweet lips around my cock, and I know you've been missing my cock down your throat. On your knees!"
He had a hand on her shoulder and she felt herself folding to her knees in front of him, in spite of her anger and reticence.
She was still stroking him--almost mechanically. The tip of his cock was almost touching the tip of her nose. God--she had missed this organ. She was intimately familiar with every vein, ever contour of Johnson's beautiful appendage. She stuck her tongue and licked around the familiar spongy head.
She sighed with lust and opened her mouth wide and took him in deep. The salty underside of his stiff cock slid along her tongue as it filled her mouth. She plunged her head forward until his cockhead was lodged in the back of her throat and his pubic hair was brushing against her nostrils.
God this was good. Her body seemed to be on fire now. Her cunt was pulsing, her tits felt like they were going to pop out of the tight black lace bra she was wearing.
As if reading her mind, Johnson reached down and pulled the string holding the teddy together, then reached under the filmy material and behind her shoulders and pulled the string holding the bra on. The bra fell off and her tits sprang free, her hard nipples brushing lightly against the silky material of the teddy.
She moaned as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock. She paused every couple of minutes to breath and lick his cock up and down, stroking him hard with her hand, then she would plunge her mouth back down, taking him deep again, repeating the same rhythm. She moaned as she blew him, she was so turned on she was on the verge of cumming.
Johnson reached down and pulled her hair back, moving her face over slightly. He wanted the desk camera to get a good shot, and they were very close to it.
"Amber baby, do you have any idea how beautiful you look when you're giving a blowjob? I've been getting them from professional porn stars, but none of them have been as good as you."
Hearing this talk should have angered her, but she was getting even more turned on. When she gave a blowjob, she wanted the cock in her mouth to cum hard. She wanted her man to feel like his nuts were being sucked right through his prick. She wanted him to cum big time.
She looked in the mirror, watching herself giving Johnson a blowjob. Turning her head to a little she could see better, and this caused Johnson's cock pushing her cheek out. She could see her cheek bulging in and out as he fucked her mouth.
She bobbed her head steadily, rhythmically, taking him deep over and over again. His cum-laden balls were starting to slap up against her chin each time she went deep.
"That's it babe--take it deep, there you go. You are definitely the best blowjob queen who's sucked my dick. You have a true talent," Johnson said with a sigh as he watched his cock plunging in and out of Amber's mouth.
Amber looked up, watching his face and listening with rapt attention. She pulled her mouth off again to breathe more and lick his cock head. She also liked looking in the mirror and watching herself perform fellatio. She was getting more and more turned on. Her skin felt like it was on fire. Johnson's preseminal fluid tasted good, as always, and helped lubricate his cock head as she took it in deep, all the way to the back of her throat.
Johnson hand on her head guided her pace, and she moved her head back and forth faster. She knew him well enough to know he was going to blow his load any minute. She stroked his cock hard, anxious to take his hot seed in her mouth. Her pussy was throbbing, and she reached down with one hand to rub her clit. With her other hand she stroked Johnson hard cock, keeping the head of his cock in her mouth.
Johnson cried out and started cumming hard. Her mouth filled quickly as usual, and she pulled his cock out to let him cover her face with his spunk. Cum rolled out over her lips as she pulled his cock out of her mouth and she started cumming hard herself as she felt spurt after spurt spray all over her face.
She looked at herself in the mirror. His cum was running in streams down the side of her face and into her hair. Amber returned his cockhead into her mouth to take the last few shots of jism. She let it stay in her mouth, savoring the taste as her own orgasm sent shivers up and down her body.
She sighed, continuing to lick his cockhead, occasionally taking it into her mouth and sucking it. She wasn't surprised to find that he was still hard. Sometimes it seemed as if he could just get hard or stay hard at will.
Johnson lifted her back to her feet and pulled at the string holding her G-string on, and it fell away. She fell back on the bed, and Johnson crawled up between her legs, kissing them and licking the insides of her thighs, moving closer and closer to her pussy. She held her legs wide, quivering in anticipation as he started tonguing her.
As he ate her out, Amber massaged her tits, and undulated her hips. He licked her quivering wet lips over and over, running his tongue up and down. Then he started flicking her clit. Her body was rippling as Johnson ate her to multiple orgasms. He took her clit between his lips and sucked on it.
Amber started crying out as he lightly nibbled her hard clit, and he grasped her thighs to hold her still as she started cumming in his mouth. Then he crawled up between her widespread legs.
Amber moaned as he inserted his cock inside her. She reached down to guide him in, and gasped as she felt her folds spread open and the head of his cock slip in.
Johnson moved over so that the camera on the dresser would have a good shot of the penetration. He slipped his hands underneath her legs and pulled them up and out, spreading them wide, pushing her knees back until they were on either side of her torso and she was almost bent double. From this position, he started fucking her harder.
"Oh yeah baby--your pussy is as hot, wet and tight as always. Still working out--I can tell," he said, and then started kissing her, feeling her moans in his mouth.
Amber moved her hips up and down, thrilling at the feel of his cock in her cunt--it was definitely far better than toys. She loved the feel of a man on top of her, pounding into her, the smell of him, the feel of his body, the feeling and sound of his balls slapping against her upturned ass cheeks.
Johnson latched his lips around one of her nipples and sucked as he fucked her. Damn! The bitch's heat in her cunt was turning him on! He was always amazed at how wet her pussy could get. He decided to roll over and then she was on top.
Amber started rocking on top of him, and then put her hands on his shoulders and started levering herself up and down with her legs and arms. Johnson grasped her flexing ass cheeks and guided her up and down his hard cock.
He looked up and watched her as she fucked herself on him. Her eyes were closed in concentration, her mouth was open as she moaned softly, and her big beautiful tits were bouncing gently up and down just behind the sheer black teddy.
Amber loved the feel of his hard hands gripping her ass, and the feel of the garter belt straps rubbing along her haunches. She looked over at the closet's mirrored doors, watching herself. She wished she could see herself from behind--see his cock plunging into her wet cunt. She felt a rush of pleasure. Those thoughts pushed her to the brink of orgasm.
Johnson watched her bouncing tits. God she had nice ones. He reached up and pulled her teddy off so that he could watch them unobstructed by the thin sheer black material of the teddy. She shrugged it off her shoulders, and he reached up and massaged them in his hands as she moaned and continued moving her ass up and down on his hard dick.
Johnson knew she was getting close to a huge orgasm. She fell forward on him, breathing hard, urgently moving her haunches up and down. He could feel the muscles in her ass tightening up under his hands, and her pussy was tightening up around his cock. He took one hand and moved her tit up into his mouth again, sucking hard. She was moaning and crying out, thrusting harder up and down. He ran his hands up and down her rippling back.
Suddenly she arched her back, stiffened and cried out, her tits jutting out in front of her as she sat astride him, and he felt a flood of her juices running out of her pussy and on to his groin and thighs. He held her up a little and pulled her ass apart, hoping the camera would capture the juices running out. He felt his own cum start and pulled out for the money shot.
Amber felt his cum shooting up and splattering on her ass and back.
"Oh baby--why didn't you cum inside me?" she moaned, breathing hard from her orgasm.
"I wasn't sure if you were on birth control," he lied.
"I get a shot from my OBGYN. I thought you knew that."
He just shrugged as she rolled off of him.
She rolled over to lay prostate, luxuriating in the warm afterglow of her orgasm. She felt so good, so relieved, and within a few minutes she had drifted off to sleep.
Amber woke up. She was in her friend's bed still, lying on her stomach. Her recent memory came back quickly, but she felt so relaxed from the sex that she couldn't feel alarmed--although somewhere down inside she knew she should be. It was sometime in the early morning.
Johnson had rolled on to his side and started running his fingers up and down her tattooed back.
"You know, you've got to stop wasting your life holed up here babe. You need a good hard fuck on a regular basis--lots of hard cock whenever you want, and you need money too. Why don't you come work with me in Sunshine Communications?"
He moved his caressing fingers down to her ass, stroking her up and down.
"You've got a body made for fucking," he said, moving one finger over the curve of her ass, right along where the largest fairy tattoo was.
His finger moved slowly around the tattoo on her shoulder, then he traced her spine with his fingers, down between her shoulders, along her back, over her garter belt and then up the curve of on of her ass cheeks.
"Why don't you come back to me--it's all out in the open now anyway. I can take care of you real good."
She felt a surge of anger, even as she started feeling aroused again.
"Take care of me? Like before? I think you've done enough to ruin my life. Why should I trust you after you lied to me, and put hidden cameras around?" she demanded.
"How else was I going to do it? You would never have gone along with it if I had just asked you to, would you?" he countered
"Of course not!" she retorted.
"Well there you go. I knew the second I laid eyes on you that not only was I going to fuck you, but that there was a slut inside you dying to come out and spread her wings--or legs more like," he chuckled.
He continued running his fingers along the tattoo on her backside.
"I knew when I fucked you that you were a born porn star, and a born cocksucker. Do realize you give head better than any of the other porn stars I've worked with? You're more gorgeous, and have a great body. You're a great fuck. I've been working on you for a long time. That's your destiny babe. It's what you're made for," he said, running his fingers softly over her ass.
He bent over her, kissing the tattooed fairy on her ass cheek.
"This ass has a lot of value. It could make both of us pretty rich, and we can have a lot of fun in the process."
Amber moaned softly, squirming under Johnson's touch. She wanted more.
He ran his fingers up the small of her back and in between her shoulder blades, tracing the outline of her tattoo. Then he ran his fingers back down her back, up the curve her ass again, and down her thigh, following the garter strap. She was so hot in her pussy he could actually smell it. He rubbed a finger down her slit between her legs. Holy shit! She was sopping wet! And that was all from her--he hadn't cum inside her at all. She always could get so wet.
He signaled for her to get up on her hands and knees and she did so readily, spreading her knees apart and arching her back, exposing her pussy to his ministrations.
He fingered her lightly up and down her moist pussy lips, his fingers barely slipping in the slick folds. Amber moaned and arched her back, moving her hips up and down along his fingers and he delicately traced his fingertips along her swollen genitalia, her round ass cheeks high in the air.
"Look how hot you are. You're just dying to be fucked right now."
He stuck a finger inside, making her cry out and push back, but he pulled his finger out before it could penetrate too far. His finger pulled out a big glob of her lubrication, and he reached up to her head and stuck it in her mouth.
She took his finger in her mouth instantly as if it were a cock, sucking hard. Her head was bobbing up and down on his finger as if it triggered some sort of cock-sucking reflex. He pulled it out with a pop, making her moan with need.
Then he went back to teasing her pussy, rubbing her pussy and clit--just brushing his fingers on her engorged clit--not enough to make her cum, but enough to keep her aroused. He bent over to look at her pussy while he played with her.
The labia and clitoris were swollen and glistening. The lips were pulling apart a little, and were so wet, lubricant was running out and down her thigh. He stroked again, right along one side of the swollen folds, and she thrust back with a moan.
"Do you like that? You want me to do that again?" he teased.
She nodded with a moan, and he rubbed his finger on her enflamed clit. She gasped and moved back up against his hand again.
"Please!" she moaned softly.
"What was that?" he asked as he rubbed her clit again.
"Please!" she moaned again. Her body was quivering with need as she moved her hips up and down in a wagging motion, moving her slit along his fingertips.
"What do you want me to do?" he asked insistently.
"Please fuck me!" she moaned out loud, her eyes closed with anticipation.
He moved behind her, taking his stiff cock in hand and rubbed the head of his cock up and down her wet slit.
Even after cumming twice, his balls felt heavy with cum, and his cock was stiff as a steel rod.
"Fuck me!" she cried out.
He continued to tease her.
Her body rippled, making the butterfly tattoos on her back dance and bounce around. He watched her tattoo as he teased her. The fairies were incredibly erotic. They were all nude, and many were in poses that looked distinctly sexual. The one on Amber's ass cheek was on her hands and knees, wings and ass high in the air--not very different from Amber's position at this moment. Another fairy was straddling a limb of the flowered vine--and looked as if she were fucking it. These thoughts made him almost delirious with the need to fuck her, but he held off-- continuing to rub the head of his cock around her vaginal opening.
"Say it again--I didn't hear you," he teased.
"For god sake, fuck me!" she cried. "Fuck me good and hard, Pound that cock of yours in my pussy!"
This time he didn't hold back. He aimed his cock for her juicy opening and inched forward. His cock slowly slipped into her wet folds. She grunted and pushed back, and he was quickly buried to his balls. He ass smacked up against his belly.
Amber was shaking and whimpering. The bitch was already cumming! He grabbed hold of her hips and started pumping in and out slowly. Jesus Christ she was hot! Johnson was always amazed at how hot Amber's pussy could get. She really did feel like hot apple pie in her cunt when she got really hot. He slid his hands up to grip her waist and fucked her faster and harder.
Amber gasped and threw her head back and arched her back as she moved back and forth--her body on autopilot. She was delirious with pleasure. She looked to her side and saw her reflection in the mirrored closet doors and nearly passed out from seeing herself being fucked. She was nearly overwhelmed by that sight, along with the smell of sex, the sounds of her ass smacking against Johnson's groin, and the feel of his strong hands on her waist and his hard cock fucking in and out of her sensitive cunt. She fell to her elbows, her ass continuing to move back and forth on Johnson's hard cock.
Johnson grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled back, fucking her harder and faster. Amber cried out again, and he felt her hot juices flowing around his cock--she was so wet he nearly slipped out.
He fucked her hard, almost savagely, pulling her blond hair back. Her pussy was clenching on his dick, and he fought to keep from cumming. As he fucked her, he noticed she kept looking off to the left--into the mirror.
Johnson decided to change positions. He grabbed her thigh and rolled to the side, pulling her leg up and her body on to it's side, and then resumed fucking her. From this position, he could look over her shoulder and see the reflection in the mirror of his cock plunging in and out of her pussy from behind as they both laid on their sides.
"You like watching yourself, don't you?" Johnson whispered into her ear.
She whimpered in response as her eyes stayed fixed on the mirror, watching spellbound as Johnson's prick plunging in and out of her cunt as she massaged her breast with her hand.
She gave a soft cry as Johnson suddenly pulled out.
"What are you doing?" she asked, looking over her shoulder.
Johnson had rolled over to the other side and was fishing something out of his pants pocket.
"Just a little lubricant," he said.
He was putting something on his dick, and then reached behind her. She felt him shove something greasy into her ass. Then he lifted her leg back up and she felt Johnson's dick poking at her asshole. She gasped as it popped in, and he started moving in and out of her ass, working deeper and deeper until his groin smacked up against her ass cheeks.
Johnson lifter her leg higher and started fucking her in the ass. In the mirror, she could clearly see her empty pussy, still wet and gaping open from the recent fucking it had received, a little trickle of lubricant leaking out, and Johnson's cock buried in her ass, plunging in and out.
"You like feeling it, hearing it and while you see it happening," he whispered in her ear.
God, why did it feel so good? She thought to herself. It became difficult to watch. She was almost delirious with intense pleasure, the room seemed to be spinning and her breathing was getting faster and heavier. She felt a tickling sensation as if she were falling, or going over the peak of a roller coaster, except that it was in her pussy, and the feeling went down her legs and up her back. Then it felt as if small explosions were going off inside of her. She cried out, shaking as the waves of pleasure washed over her repeatedly, until she felt her body relax.
She sighed and relaxed as Johnson withdrew, but he hadn't cum yet. He moved over, allowing her room to lay down, and he got up and straddled her on his knees, and moved until his stiff oily cock was level with her sweaty tits. He grabbed his cock in hand and rubbed the head over each of her nipples, tracing circles around each of them. Then he placed his cock in the valley between her tits and had her hold them together.
As she did so, he started sawing back and forth, titty-fucking her. Amber lifted her head, looking down between her tits as the head of Johnson's cock peaked out between them as he pumped in and out of them.
Johnson was very close to cumming, and had been holding back for some time. Seeing her full tits and her beautiful face, anticipating his ejaculate.
Amber watched his face as he breathed heavily, then he lunged one more time, and she watched as the head of his cock head peered one more time from between her tits, and she saw a long creamy stream of jism spray out, striking her in the face. She felt his cum splatter on her cheek. Stream after stream sprayed out, hitting her in the eye, chin, nose. By the time Johnson was finally through cumming, her entire face was covered with cum, and jism, oil and sweat were all over her tits.
She sighed and rubbed the cum in her face.
"Baby, you look so hot with cum all over your face and tits," Johnson said panting. "Millions of people should see this sight."
Johnson rolled on to his side, watching her as she got out of bed.
"Amber?"
She stopped and turned around.
"You know you enjoy sex. You're made for it. You love it and can't get enough of it."
He stood up and walked over to her. He pulled her close and kissed her deeply, then pulled her over to the mirror. He held her by the shoulders and turned her to face the mirror.
"Looks at yourself. You're hot baby. You've got one of the hottest bodies I've ever seen."
He reached around and cupped her tits, and then ran his hands up and down her torso and belly.
"Do you know that seeing you naked gives almost any man an instant hard-on?"
He reached for her hand and guided it back to his dick.
She gasped. He was already hard again! She felt his hand on her shoulder again, and she felt herself dropping to her knees again. She couldn't believe this. After all the sex they had over the past 24 hours, she was about to blow him again.
"I know you love watching yourself do this. Imagine having a hard dick to blow anytime you wanted to, and watching others do the same."
She watched in the mirror as he guided his cock around the thick lips of her wide mouth. Her mouth opened up as if by its own volition and the head of his cock slipped into her mouth.
She felt a new rush of heat in her crotch as Johnson cock once more pushed her cheek out. This time she unabashedly watched in the mirror as she blew him once more. Incredibly, she found herself getting hotter and hotter and she moaned around his stiff cock.
"Isn't that a hot sight?" he asked as he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth.
He held her head close to his groin, a handful of her golden blond hair clutched in his fist, her head turned to the side so she could watch in the mirror as he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth. It pushed the side of her cheek out each time. She felt her clit throbbing. Good God, why was she so turned on watching herself giving a blowjob?
She reached down and stroked her clit swollen clit as she bobbed her head back and forth on Johnson's hard cock. When he came once more in her mouth she gasped and started spasming in another orgasm. This caused some of his cock sauce to leak out of the corner of her mouth and dribble down her chin and neck, and when she saw that she lost all remaining control and started cumming hard. Her cum juice was flowing on her fingers.
She sighed, watching in the mirror as Johnson's cock slipped from her lips, pulling a small river of cum behind it which ran down her chin. She rubbed her tits, watching herself in the mirror. She felt so good at that moment.
"Wasn't that awesome? Look at yourself in the mirror!" he commanded, as she licked Johnson's cockhead.
She watched herself, eyes fixated on the mirror as she licked his cock, trying to taste every bit of jism. Eventually she smiled up at him and stood up.
"Now I REALLY need a shower now," she said with a grin, cum all over her face, hair and tits.
While she was in the shower, Johnson went around and checked the cameras. As he did so, Amber thought to invite him to take a shower with her. She turned on the shower, then went back to the room to ask him.
Johnson had quickly gathered each camera and started walking out of the room when he ran almost directly into Amber coming back. She looked at his startled look and the small webcams he was carrying.
"You bastard!" she hissed. "You did it again--without my consent! Without even asking! You lying asshole!"
"GET OUT!" she screamed.
"Okay, okay, I'm outta here," he said, scrambling back to the front room to throw his equipment in one of the boxes.
She screamed in rage and started hitting him, and he pushed her away, making her fall on the floor.
"Get off me bitch! You loved every second of it, and don't pretend you didn't!" he yelled back at her.
"Get out of here before I call the cops!" she said back, choking back sobs.
"Go ahead bitch. And what are you going to tell them anyway? You know what I do, and you knew exactly what you were doing!" he retorted.
Amber raced back to the bedroom. His clothes were still there. He got to the room just in time to see her holding his clothes and throwing open the window. He raced over to try to stop her but it was too late. Out his clothes went--two stories down, landing in the snow in the alley.
"YOU FUCKING BITCH!" he roared, looking through the window in the cold morning air.
"Two can play that game!" he shouted.
But as he turned, he saw Amber holding her phone.
"Police? Yes, there's someone in my apartment! He's threatening me..." she started to say.
The last thing Johnson wanted was to deal with the police.
"Wait, wait! I'm outta here, okay? I'm leaving--just stop!" he grabbed his shoes and went into the living room. He pulled on his coat, which hid most of his nudity except his legs, and rushed out the door.
Amber continued holding her cell phone to her head as she watched him jump in the Escalade and drive away, fishtailing onto the road and driving off.
She snapped the phone closed and breathed a sigh of relief. Her bluff had worked. After a few minutes she went back to the room and pulled off her stockings and garter belt and fell back down on her friends' bed and cried again--angry with herself for being so weak and for allowing herself to be fooled again with sweet talk and gifts!
The next day, she cleaned up, changed Diana and Paul's sheets and threw the blankets in the laundry. Around lunch time, she got a call from her lawyer's secretary, telling her that a settlement had been reached. She made an appointment to sign paperwork the next day.
The settlement would not be what she expected, but she would find that out later.