Another totally fictional story that came directly from my sick mind. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18. Disclaimer, I am an amateur writer with little education in that area. My work is self-proofed and edited with the help of software, so some mistakes are likely. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
I don't know when I started, doesn't matter I guess. Getting erections that is, I know it was before I figured out why I was getting them. When I got older I found out not just how good it felt to play with my penis, but I would get one when I did. It was apparently before we had the Internet at my house or I might have had a clue. I knew that a penis goes into a vagina to make a baby. They teach you that much in health class, but they don't talk about erections or that a guy has to do more than insert his penis in a vagina to get someone pregnant. They don't say a damn thing about why it feels so good to play with yourself. They also left out any information about ejaculation, or how to make it happen.
All I can say is the more I did play with my hard dick, the more I liked it. I guess early on I wondered why you never seen anyone do it. It led me to have a desire to be watched doing it. I do not remember if I had a specific preference as to what sex watched me. I think I just wanted someone to admire and praise my cock. It may have been fueled by how big it got when I handled it. I guess looking back, I was a grower in the true sense of the word. I have seen other guys in the shower at school, or at the urinal and flaccid, we all were close to the same size, just a few were bigger.
It was when I played with it and it became erect that I was so proud of it. I used to sit in my room in front of my mirror I was so amazed with the growth of it when I handled it in just the right way.
I started getting them at school sitting at my desk, some of my female classmates, and even some teachers seemed to give them to me. The larger their breasts the more I needed to reach down and grab it through my jeans. It got so hard that it hurt when it ran out of room, but I could not leave it alone. I would sometimes imagine what would happen if I showed what I had going in my pants. Like just standing up and showing it off to one of the girls who seemed to be staring at it.
Sometimes when I had to get up to change classes it was very obvious. A lot of guys got them but tried to hide them with a book or something. I becoming proud of mine, especially when I noticed a girl check it out. Guys would wait until we were out in the hall and say, "Joey has a boner, Joey has a boner!"
That did not bother me after a while having guys announcing my boners, I started to like getting more attention from the girls.
Looking back the odd thing was at that point I had not yet played with it long enough in succession to cum. I heard about cum, but had not yet, or to know how to force it to happen. Sometimes I had a little slimy stuff on the end of my penis and it scared me that something was wrong, so I would stop. I thought it could be cum, but was afraid it was something bad I did that was causing that secretion. I eventually figured out it was what is called pre-cum.
I liked doing it, but with no orgasm that comes with ejaculation, I had no idea of what pleasure I was missing. When I was old enough to be left home alone I found out that to cum was the end game and reward for playing with it the right way, and with the proper mindset for long enough.
For some reason, it was that night that I figured out some things. One was that if I did it long enough the right way cum would happen. The other was that if this felt so good using my hand, what would it feel like using something not attached to me? I had a good boner going early on that night, I was so proud of it I wanted it to be seen. So I got naked, hard, and just stayed the way. I even made myself a sandwich in the kitchen while naked and hard.
When the excitement would start going away, I would play some more. We had girls my age and older next door, and I used to imagine one of them walking into my house to see my big boner, and that helped keep it that way. I wondered what it would feel like if it was not my hands rubbing it. I found out one night they were gone, and "Oh Boy" what a night it was. I was standing naked and hard that night when home alone, and I remembered that my parents' bed was a King I was one of those beds made of two separate mattresses, that gave it a crack in the middle. It was a fancy one that each person could control their side.
I hurried down the hall to their room and pulled the bedspread off in a hurry. I had been in their bed before, but never hard and with the intentions I had that night. I was going to think about one of my fantasies as I fucked the bed like a dog does your leg. If dogs are willing to use a leg instead of a female dog's pussy, why would it not feel better to use a crack in the bed for a womans. I was pumping wildly, and thinking about my older cousin from California. I used a memory of her last visit, and seeing her all tanned in her bikini. I had several cousins but Bev was a few years older than me, and not a first cousin. I knew that because her mom was a cousin to me as well, and not an aunt, but did not know the degree of cousin Bev was. It did not matter, as being with her was only a fantasy.
I was busy fucking Bev's pussy in my head, but her pussy was the mattress crack. It was not the same feeling as flesh, but a change from my hand. I was pumping her hard and enjoying it immensely.
Then it finally happened. I got this indescribable feeling in my body. I was on my elbows and could feel myself holding my breath waiting for whatever was causing that feeling to happen.
When it did, it was the most awesome feeling I ever had, and that made it scary as well. When that feeling overtook all my other senses, I knew something was happening in that bed crack my hard penis was fucking. In that split second, I wanted to see what, so I rolled over as it was still happening. I looked down to see it looking angry and spurting white stuff, and it still felt so good. I was amazed and on a high as the last spurts of gooey stuff came out of my penis, and was shooting up in the air. Then I knew for sure it was what was called cum by the guys on the schoolyards.
It was such a unique high, but the gooey stuff was all over my hand, groin, some even on my belly. Once I came down from the high, and grabbed some tissues to clean up, I realized I got it on my parents' bed too. My then limp dick was still dripping as I ripped the sheets off the bed with the hope of getting them off before it soaked in.
The fun part was over, the rest was me washing the sheets, and trying to remake the bed. I guess though it was worth every bit of the work it took to try to make the bed like it was before I soiled it with my cum.
After that groundbreaking awaking, I could not get enough play sessions in with my cock. I was back to using just my hand, it felt great and was always with me. That way I could do it anywhere I was. From doing it more often I was learning what areas to concentrate on to produce that great feeling, and some cum quicker if needed. That was enough for then, I was not going to use the bed again even if I got the chance.
I was fine with the feeling I was getting from masturbating, but wanted more. Once I experienced it, the strange desire to be watched got stronger. I wanted to be seen masturbating to a cumshot. It was not that I did not want to have sex with a woman, but for some reason, I had the most desire to be watched getting off by myself. Talking a girl into sex seemed like a lot of hassle, and at the time I was busy with sports and school work. I was a fit athlete, but at the time was more proud of my large cock than the six-pack I had from football workouts. As I got older, I was back to roaming around the house nude and hard.
I turned 18 that senior year, and my parents no longer worried about me if they went away overnight of course. I was becoming more committed to my masturbation and being seen, and was opening more blinds in places I thought I might be seen as I played, but still kept some distance from those windows. I wanted so badly to jerk off standing right in front of a window, but always chickened out. I was pretty sure I was seen a couple of times by one of the girls next door, but not clear enough for them to be sure. They were of age too, but I was careful not to show it all and get called on it. I would have to try to explain it to my parents.
Then came my second breakthrough came. My cousin Bev asked if she could stay with us on spring break. I would have thought she would go back to California where she lives. It is close to the beach there, but no, she heard about our beaches here in Florida and the spring break parties. She had turned 21 and could drink legally in bars, so that had something to do with it I think.
Then there was our pool, much nicer than the one at her house out there. The properties are so small out there that so are the pools, and landscaping. She had not stayed with us for several years, and things were different on this trip. In the skimpy bikini was a much more voluptuous body of a 21-year-old, about to be a college Senior.
This soon to be 19 year old when he finished his Freshman year had something new to show off to her as well. I was now not able to control my boners around her, but did not care like I did when she stayed with us before. I was old enough now and wanted to show her one exposed, but had to just let her see my bulges to get her reaction.
The first day she was there I had a raging hardon at the pool. I was trying not to look at her too much, but when I did I could see where her eyes were focused, not at my eyes, it was at my bulge. I was showing wood while we were goofing off jumping in, and she was taking the view in. We were shooting baskets and she seemed to like bumping against me to steal the ball away. My cock liked it too, it was hard even in the water whenever she made contact. She was torturing me, she did everything but grab it. I thought she might acknowledge it and even say something, but she only acknowledged it with her looks and expressions.
I took precautions the next day. I wanted some control of my erections so when we were not swimming I could wear some thin shorts. I figured she could see it up the leg without it being an obvious flash. I did not know what she thought about it yet. So I jerked off a load in some tissues in my bedroom before joining her there. It worked for a while, but if we made contact I had to try to let the pool water hide it. We watched a movie later after we both changed into shorts. Looking back I think we both wanted to tease the other. I was on one end of the sofa and her on the other. We were looking toward the TV, but both were in a pose that gave the other a view up the legs of our shorts. I got just a flash of her pussy when she moved around once, but it was enough to trigger an erection. I could feel the air from the ceiling fan on my knob, so I knew I was showing some dick. I was glad I was but didn't look at her again until I could tell it had calmed down.
I was being ornery, and snatched the remote she had control of before she went to the bathroom. I wanted to hide it in my shorts so she might go down there with her hand but was chicken and hid it in my shirt, but not until I changed the TV from the rom-com she was into to a football game. First, she looked for it, then looked my way and my poker face failed me. She jumped on me, first she pulled on my waistband on my shorts to look.
She said and shook her head no, "There is a controller down there, but not the one for the TV."
It was obvious what she was implying, and I had no reply, so she lifted my shirt to get the one to the TV. Then decided to tease me some more I guess. With my shirt up most of my 6 pack was showing, but not all. But she used that as an excuse to pull on the waistband of my shorts down until it was stopped from hitting the base of my shaft.
She started rubbing them and said, "There it is, that six-pack I was admiring when we were swimming. I wanted to rub them, but you seemed so shy then. Not so much now, you didn't stop me from checking out your cock, but you did get a little red in the face, and now seem to be sporting some wood from my interest and touch."
I was hard, and she was right on me then, straddling my upper thighs as she rubbed my chest and stomach. Well, she got close enough to my cock to give me a chill, and I could not reach down to rearrange my manhood if I even wanted to. When my shorts became a tent she acknowledged it.
"Oh My, my little cousin is a man now. I have seen your bulges, but by the looks of that tent, you have an all-out boner there. I just have to see it that way, but then I better go back to my side before my presence and touch make it go off."
Again I had no reply, but I let her pull my waistband again, this time down enough to let my boner pop out. She put her hand around my shaft and held it at the base for just a moment.
"Nice! Long, thick, and firm."
she left things at that but changed the channel back to the rom-com, I excused myself and told her I would watch the game in my room. I edged myself through most of the game before I let myself cum.
Most of my time with her was during the day as my parents worked, after dinner she would Uber to the beach to party with some friends. I wish I could have gone with her, but they really check IDs down here these days, and I was not invited anyway. One night she did not come back till morning, but she had texted my mom her cousin, so she would not worry. I figured she must have gotten laid. I was jealous, and think my mom was too, deep down I think she would like to be her age again. But she said she did not care what our cousin did at her age as long as she was not drinking and driving. My mom still looks good and wears sexy bikinis at the beach, so I am sure she was sexually active before dad, she understood my cousin's sexual desires at that age.
I did a lot of jerking off that week, mostly to get quick relief in my room when my cousin was there. I did not get a good chance for a long session until that Friday as my parents went out for the evening too, and I had the house to my own. I knew all three of them would be back late so I planned on really going at it. By then I had bought a pocket pussy and hid it in my room. I was still a virgin but still desired to be watched on my own more than losing my virginity. I had been jerking around the house but then settled in my bedroom to use my toy.
I was really going at it when I looked in my dresser mirror and was shocked to see my cousin standing at my door watching me, not even trying to hide as she did. My first thought was to stop, but then do or say what? This was what I had dreamed about. It was about then the thrill of actually knowing I was being watched for the first time kicked in. I was not going to stop, if it was wrong, it was she who was in the wrong. When I looked again I saw she decided to walk in further to stand and watch, it was up to her to decide to stay or leave.
I still did not want to reveal that I knew she was there. I tried to just glance to see if she was still there a couple of times, but it was hard not to look at her longer for inspiration. She was dressed but in tiny shorts, and a top. Bev as usual was showing her young cousin some major cleavage. I then decided if she was not going to react, I was just going to finish it for her. I gave up the toy and finished with my hand so she would be able to see more of my cock, and my cumshot. My view in the mirror was my big cock and purple knob sticking up, and my cousin's facial expressions as she watched. I eventually let loose and shot my load in the air, I got an extra rush knowing she was watching, but wished she was closer. But I sure was proud of it, and myself, it was a plentiful shot.
I wanted to know what she thought. I was getting my breath and waiting to see if she would leave, or say something, anything. She could have apologized thinking I did not know how long she was there, but she just lingered for a while. The high I was on must have given me courage, and I just asked her.
"I know you have been back there, I saw you in the mirror watching, did you like the show your little cousin gave you?"
"Little? What I saw was not little! I loved the show, especially because I knew my cuz was doing it for me. I could see you looking at me in the mirror too, we were using the same mirror. When you lost the pussy toy and let me see you work that monster cock of yours, I couldn't leave the scene. I still don't want to leave. I am glad I came home, after that episode on the couch when I finally saw it hard, all I could think about was your cock while I was out, that boner you had lured me back tonight."
She was gutsy, I guess we both were, that cat was already out of the bag, so why not speak openly about it? She walked over and sat on my bed next to me.
She asked, "So, Is there going to be an encore? If so I would love to stay for it if you don't mind?"
"I would love it if you did too, but it was not my first one tonight, so it might take a while."
"What did you use for inspiration that time, maybe I can help?"
"Mostly it was my cousin at the pool with her tits trying to get out of her bikini top. But then there was you sitting on me when were looking for the remote, you got too close to this cock you want to see spew again. Once I saw you watching me, I was done for, I could not hold back my cumshot any longer."
"Well if we are being honest, I have not just masturbated thinking about you, but I fucked two different guys trying to imagine they were you. One had a six-pack, but a pencil dick. You have as big of if not bigger dick than anybody I ever had. I would like to get off too, what if your cuz got naked with you, and joined you, would that speed up your recovery time? I am a bit horny from not getting any tonight, you have been the only man on my mind all week. Seeing all of each other as we get off would be like a dream come to. Three nights of fucking drunk Neanderthals was enough for me, so I really did come home to be with you. Your door was open just enough for me to see you, you looked so sexy jerking off that I could not walk away."
"I honestly would rather get off with my cuz. I never had a guy willing to do it for me, nor have I done it on my own for a man, and you are clearly one now. But that is all we should do, we are cousins. We should not even do what we are about to do. But since we are both adults now and want it, I am in, but it should be our secret."
With that she pulled down the sheets, then she pulled off her top to reveal all of her breasts to me for the first time, then when she lost her shorts she was wearing commando, and I could feel my cock start to twitch. I was just ecstatic to not just see her nude, but to see her checking out my whole body close up was quite a thrill. I could not wait to perform in front of her and was playing with myself for her even before she finished stripping.
When she finished, My God, I was turned on. Her breasts were just as I imagined them, perfect. Then there was her pussy and the piercing she had down there, it was the first one I had seen down there. I had seen 90 percent of that same body at the pool, but that extra 10 percent or so I was seeing made all the difference in the world. I proudly wrapped my hand around my cock, and got serious for her. She got started too, while standing at the foot of the bed one foot up on it. She had her legs spread open to show her bald pussy. She started with one finger but quickly added another. It was my first Exhibitionist act, and it came along with my first Voyeur experience, how could it have been any better? It was already an epic night. It was almost as big a thrill as when I first found out how good it felt to cum.
I knew how to edge, so I did, I wanted to watch and be watched as long as possible. Having a fantasy like this come true was just so intoxicating. I did not think actual sex could be much better.
Once she got off, she could not stand there anymore, so she joined me on the bed. She crowded me again, she was close enough to touch any part of me, but she didn't. I can't complain about her being so close, it made me feel a little like were one as I continued. She seemed pretty happy watching as she got back to fingering herself. Now she was close enough and leaned back to pose just right to show her pink hole, and she was showing it to me on purpose. She was teasing me by opening it up by using both hands and more fingers. My cousin was showing me her pussy inside and out. But what could I say, I was showing her every bit of my balls, and hard penis with its swollen purple knob as its feature.
I continued to edge to see if I might be able to get her to quit her session, and take over for me. I had already been seen getting off by her, so why not go for the feeling of it being her hand? I had one hand on my balls and was showing a lot of my shaft and knob to try to tempt her to help out.
She finally gave in, stopped her project, and said, "I know what you are doing, this is how a shy guy gets a girl to jerk him off. You can forget about getting me to jerk you off, and I am not going to fuck a cousin. That said, what I am willing to do I think you will find better, something else that can never be spoken of and should be a one-time thing."
"I guess I was a little dumb about not knowing what she was getting at, but despite how far we had gone, it was out of my realm of thinking."
She had to back off and reposition herself. Then with one hand on my shaft, and the other on my balls cupping them. I thought she must have reconsidered and would give in and take over the jerking with the hand on my shaft. Instead, she lowered her head and took my knob in her mouth. I swear I almost came just from the contact of her lips. I was then looking down into my naked cousin's blue eyes, and her perfect breasts hanging down as she sucked my cock. Every time a nipple touched my leg I almost came.
She apparently liked to suck cocks, as some girls claim to. She was good at it, she was watching my facial expressions and must have been detecting when I was close. Then she knew to lift my shaft, and do something else like suck my balls and then worked her way up the backside to my knob with her tongue. My favorite thing she did to prolong things was to let her blond hair drag over my entire groin area. When she let it tickle my knob for an extended time, it almost backfired and set me off.
I never wanted it to end, but she must have realized we were pushing our luck as far as my parents coming home. She started working my knob quickly with her lips and tongue. I in turn was thrusting my cock into her mouth fucking it, just like I did my parents' bed crack. I was going to cum soon, and she knew it I guess. I had only got out, I'm going... When she clamped down on my shaft right below my knob. She used the tip of her tongue to massage my glans right below my pee hole. In a second or two, I was pumping cum in my cousin's mouth. What a feeling it was shooting my cum in my cousin's mouth. I have yet to have a more skilled cock sucker drain me since then.
I did not think getting my first blow job could be topped, but it was on the next to last day of her stay. Bev wanted to go to the nude beach at the seashore. I had never been there, but most of my friends had not either. It was known more for mostly an older crowd, much older I mean matures. There was not much sex there unless you were willing to walk far enough. If you walked even further I was told the crowd got a little younger because of the long walk, but still not teens. She had something going on in her mind but did not even give me a hint of what it was.
She said she had talked to someone who had been there about what to expect, and what to take. Then she handed me a backpack to carry our blanket, drinks, and other stuff for the visit. Well, we got there, and there I was stripping down at the car and putting my clothes in the pack. I was naked for the first time not just outside, but with strangers, and a cousin was my date, but I loved it. Once we hit the beach I was getting some looks from some MILFs and a few well-kept Matures, Bev was getting them from all the guys. Some of the old guys had enough nerve to put their hands on their junk when we passed, she seemed to like that she caused that. I guess she and I shared the same kink. We were exhibitionists!
She brought my attention to a guy struggling to get his a little bigger for her as we approached him. She did it by stopping before we got to him, and facing me as she reached down and got my dick excited with her hand. It did not take much, she told me, "Ok, now suck on my nipples Joey, I want to see what reaction we can get walking past these MILFs and Daddys this way. Yes, you like showing it off, and I want to enjoy showing it to other women too."
I was in and did my part before we continued. We both were worked up, and showing big time. Her nipples were sticking straight out, and my cock was too. I could feel it swaying back and forth with every step. I was so proud of not just it, but the hot nude blond cousin I was with.
She was the first to get a major reaction, the first daddy we walked by who was showing anything started jerking it as we got close. He was hard but probably lost some of the effectiveness for her when his boner, barely stuck out past his belly. She shocked me yet again as we passed him. She said, "Nice Boner!," to him then grabbed mine and added, "But I already have a big one."
What a rush that was, and that was a guy. Next was a couple of MILFs walking our way. They were fuckable ones for sure, one was trimmed, and the other was bald. She was my first bald pussy that close to me. Once we saw our first MILF and a guy on a blanket as she jerked him off, we decided it was far enough to walk. We did not crowd them, but I think they would have liked it. I was putting lotion on Bev's back as I watched them. She then started sucking his cock for us. Cuz just played with my balls and cock a little as we enjoyed the show. It turned out to be my only trip to that beach, but it was about to become epic. We both watched as she lifted enough for him to shoot his load in her mouth, right there in public.
Bev was turned on more than me I think, she was working my dick. I was wondering if this was going to be a hand job, or if she would try to outdo them. I was a little worried, I thought about how embarrassing it would have been to have my parents have to bail a cousin and son out of jail while knowing what we were in there for.
Once she knew they were paying attention to us, she started sucking my cock. It was not a long drawn-out one, but she took it deeper than the time before. She knew we were pushing our luck, it is usually the second person to break a rule to get busted. Sex on a nude beach is still not allowed. The sheriff will arrest a few people now and then for publicity, especially when an election is near.
Once you have your cock being sucked, you don't care so much what bad could happen. I loved the fact that I was being watched, what a thrill to add to the pleasure of it. It did not last very long, and she took the shot in her mouth. She purposely left it drip out the sides of her mouth just for the effect I think.
We were done, we took in some sun, maybe too much. I liked both the view there and the attention. Bev turned my way and said, "I am ready anytime you are, I just checked off one of the items on my list, how about you?"
"I did not have a list or a particular sex act in mind, but I am good, that was so fucking hot being watched. You are quite a cock sucker Bev!"
"Fuck You, Joey."
We were both worked up, and maybe a little too pink from the sun, so we walked back toward the lot through the dunes before the woods where it was more shady. It was also where the action was like a MILF getting fucked by the biggest cock I had ever seen. She did it while her husband or maybe boyfriend was watching as he jerked off, only stopping to change hands, as he was shooting a video too. Bev and I had to watch it, it was just so fucking dirty. I was back hard almost immediately, and so were some other guys who stopped to watch and jerk off. After a few minutes, I felt her tug on my cock. She pulled me over and told me we better go. She apparently was not talking about going straight to the car.
We headed that way but not far, we found our own private dune. She helped me take the backpack off, and we spread out our towels. Not much was said, just her telling me she could not get on a plane the next day and both leave here horny for me and leave me a virgin. Anything else said was instructions or feedback. She laid back and opened her legs. She treated me like I knew nothing, and she was not far off, I did not know much. I was on my knees below her when she reached down with her hands and opened her hole up for me. She said, "This can never be spoken of either, and you have to pull out to cum, I am trusting you."
Then she finished instructing me, I was already right there with a hard throbbing cock. "That's a big knob, put it up to my hole, but take it slow pushing it in. My opening will adjust to it as you give it pressure. Once inside me take it slow, let's take time to enjoy it."
What a feeling it was as my knob breached her hole. My knob slid between her pussy lips easily with all the wetness she acquired from watching a couple fuck. My cock was in its first vagina, and I did take it slow, I wanted it to last too. The warm, moist, and soft feeling far exceeded the feeling I got from her mouth. The fact that I was so close to her face and looking into her eyes made it so intimate. I figured we might gain an audience before we finished, but this was one time I wanted to block it out.
It was just me and my cousin. I was not sure she wanted more contact, but I moved my lips toward hers, and she put her arms around my back and pulled me toward her until we connected there too. Our tongues were now interlocked, and doing their own thing, and that feeling added so much to my first fuck. I soon felt her heels clamp onto my ass right below my cheeks. As she tightened up with her arms and legs I then understood the meaning of a couple (Being as One) as they fuck.
I am not sure how long this lasted, not as long as either of us wanted I am sure. My chronic masturbation habit let me know when it was time to pull out. I was then straddling her below her breasts, doing what I did best, jerking off to finish.
"Come on Big Boy, cover my breasts with your warm seed."
I did as she requested, I watched every last rope as it left my penis and landed on her, and she did too. I had my first fuck, and I bet it was better than most guys get.
It was quiet, so I figured we were not spotted. We were though, but just one couple, one of the few younger ones. No masturbation or sex was going on between them, but were both surprised when the girl spoke.
"That was fucking hot, I think we are going find a dune for our first public fuck."
We cleaned up, packed up, and got back on our way to the car. We passed the couple we inspired, and they were fucking like rabbits, they had only made it to the next dune. We watched a little just to return the favor. I figured if they did not want to be watched they would be fucking in the woods. Even though it was not the first couple we saw having sex, it was more intimate, it was me, my cousin, and them there. You never get tired of seeing a hot girl's ass in the air, as a guy's cock is going in and out of her pussy. My cock had just settled down and it was coming back to erect. I knew without looking, as I had my arms around Bev from the rear as we watched, and could feel my cock start to fill her crack.
It went down in history as my best spring break ever, and I did not even get to a party!
I drove her to the airport the next day for he to catch her plane, and I left from there to drive back to my school after I dropped her off. It was a cool day, and I had my windows open and cock out enjoying having it out in the open, and the wind hitting it as I drove back. How could I not play with it as I remembered all we had done while she was here, especially the day before? I edged it for over an hour but quit as I did not want to cum while driving, but I left it out. It's a long drive and I needed a break, so I stopped at a rest area, and since it had gone flaccid, I did not realize my dick was still out.
The place was kind of busy with foot traffic going to the restrooms, and some walking by. My cock started getting hard, and that feeling was enough to remind me it was out, and what I had been doing. I had seen some videos on porn sites of guys jerking off while girls walked by their cars. Just the thought of it made me even harder. So I decided to see what kind of thrill I could get from it. I got back to it, but I had to pull my jacket over it a couple of times when I saw what I thought were the wrong people about to walk by on the way to the restroom.
It was so exciting, even more so than the nude beach blow job my cousin orchestrated. This was all me, and on my own exposing my cock. I thought I was ready, but I covered it again for a girl I wished I hadn't. When this girl looked directly at me through the passenger side window, I quickly pulled my jacket over it. Not sure I was quick enough, as she smiled at me like she knew what was going on. I think she must have seen it and was interested in her holding that look, and smiling like she did. I was upset with myself until I spotted her in the distance on her way back. Now I could see her front view, and she kept looking better the closer she got. Once she got close enough for me to see she had on a skimpy top, and short tight shorts I saw her look right at me. She was still headed my way, and soon she was going to be passing my open window.
I almost came just thinking about her seeing my cock. She had to stop to wait for a car to pass, so it gave me time to take a chance and go all in. I am surprised I had the courage, but I pushed down and shimmied out of my shorts, and adjusted my seat. I slid it back and reclined it so more of me was exposed. I was naked from the waist down and now was very visible to anyone that looked in.
I was so excited knowing this hot girl was only 20 feet away and would be taking in the view I prepared for her. My cock could not have been any harder and was standing up straight as I stroked it to get ready for her. I figured if it goes down, I might never get a chance to like it again, so why not push the envelope? It helped me gather the courage to be in a place where I could make a quick getaway if I read her intentions wrong and got a bad reaction. When she got to the front of my car and looked right at me, I knew she was committed and I almost came from excitement. My heart skipped a beat when she stopped, and put her arms on my car door, that put her head about halfway in. She did not hesitate to look down at what I had, and what I was doing with it.
I did not know what to say, I had only hoped it would happen, I did not prepare for it with a speech. It was an awkward moment or two, but she came through.
"You are such a Bad Boy, but a hot Bad Boy, the kind I like. I saw you getting ready for me, and I like it, I did not expect you to be naked from the waist down, you are brave. Please keep stroking your cock it is so big and thick, and on such a fit body. I am so glad you are willing to show your gift to me, and I hope you have a cam in here. I mean I hope you are making one of those flashing videos. I've seen one, it could have been hot if the guy was hung like you. The one I saw he just had his dick out of his fly, and it was so much smaller that not much of it was showing. I wouldn't mind being in a video with one as big as yours. I would be the envy of my girlfriends if they saw me with such a hot guy with a big cock."
"Not making a video, I was just taking a break from my drive, and got horny. I decided to do something about it, and that was to get my cock out and jerk off. Then I noticed you looking in the car on the way to the restroom, and in a panic I covered it. When you were coming back, I saw what a hot babe you were. You looked like you were heading toward the driver's side, and I hoped it was so you could see it better. So I decided to lose the shorts and just go all in for you. I like those videos too, I am so glad you dared to come over. Ever since I started jerking off regularly I have wanted to be watched by a stranger, and to have one as pretty as you interested in my performance was unexpected."
"Well thank you, but you don't have to sweet talk me to get me to stay and watch you crank on a cock that nice. Let's face it, it's pretty much impossible I would get this chance again. And you are so cute laying back so proudly as you play with yourself. I have always wondered what a guy looks like when he is going solo. I have jerked guys of course but it is not the same, I want to see how they do it.
Your cock, well it is beyond cute. I could lean in and lend a hand, but that would rob me of getting to see how a guy does it. I did walk in on my brother and his hot friend jerking off watching porn while laying on his bed in nothing but socks. I was excited because I thought they had seen me come in, and was alright, maybe even happy to have me for an audience. I thought they were going to lay naked like that and finish for me. But they didn't, when my brother saw his sister standing over them he freaked out. I had to settle for watching their dicks wag as they ran, and cute boy butts disappear when the door to his bathroom slammed. I was so disappointed, I thought I missed my only chance.
So here is my proposal to you. This may be my only chance to see a naked guy jerk his big cock and cum in public. So if you go all in. I mean lose the shirt and be totally naked for me, I promise I will be your lookout as I talk dirty for you, and stay here at your window until you finish."
"I just have to see that big thing shooting cum. I bet it will feel so good for you, I want to see the look on your face as you enjoy it."
I was hesitant to be all the way nude, my upper body and some of my cock would be high enough to be visible to others that might walk too close. But I figured that was what I wanted anyway, and I sure wanted this hot girl there for my cumshot. When she reached in to help me remove my last item of clothes the decision was made for me. Once she helped pull in over my head, I was naked, and a little scared, but every time I do something bolder, I feel harder than I had ever been before and my orgasm is a bigger event. This was it, this would check all the boxes for what I would like to happen while masturbating, and it would create the scene that I had fantasized about.
It was what she wanted too, "That's it, that's the look a girl like me wants to see, your body all laid out in front of me like a scrumptious buffet, your cock in the middle as the main course. It would have been a shame to hide the appetizers, your fit upper body, that nice chest, and the six-pack you are showing now. That view alone is making me wet, stroke that big hunk of meat for me! I want to touch it so bad, it's all I can do to keep myself from reaching in and grabbing it. But then I would want to jerk it, and ruin the whole experience for me."
I got serious with both hands, one on my balls, and one stroking my shaft and knob. She talked dirty alright and also gave me some words of encouragement as I continued to stroke myself.
Like, "Oh that's it Big Boy, that's the way to jerk that cock for me. Keep in mind that I still might lose control and dive in there and suck it. I bet you would like that, me sucking your cock dry for you, taking your cumshot, what I could not fit would be running out the sides of my mouth. I bet you would just love that, I would"
"If sucking it does not get you off I might have to strip naked too, and come in there and ride it. I bet you would like to see and feel a naked girl crawl on it and ride it till you cum inside my pussy. I would do that for you, right here in this busy parking lot."
Her talk was helping, I could feel my cock throbbing from my brain telling my heart to send more blood to it. Its veins were showing and it was now getting purple like it was going to blow.
"Keep it up, you are doing so good, it won't be long before you feel the bliss of an orgasm. I bet it's going to be a big one, and you're going to make a mess, I hope you're not going to use that good jacket for clean up?"
"You are so awesome to talk dirty to me to get me through this, it sure helps give me courage and motivation to keep going. I am so glad you came along and were so willing to be my first voyeur. To answer your question though, clean up is the last thing on my mind, as you can see, you have helped me keep it so hard it is sticking straight up. I am getting close to cumming with your help, so let the cum fall where it may. I don't care if I cover the dash and windshield with it, the thrill of getting to cum in a public parking lot for a hot girl will be worth it."
I did think I was getting close, but I also thought it was taking longer than usual, and I started to get nervous. I thought it might be harder to cum while being watched. I thought it still would just take a few minutes if I pounded it hard enough, but more time than that seemed to have passed. I could not help but wonder, what if I could not cum with a stranger watching?
I did not know her, and she did not know me, but she seemed to be able to tell I was struggling. I mean, I was her only focus at that point, sprawled out naked with a pretty girl hovering over me. I had not imagined the extra thrill of having a girl's eyes this close to look into, it made the act more intoxicating. I had done a lot of new sexual things that week, but this exceeded all of them. I could feel the attention she was giving me, it was almost like her body was touching mine. I hoped she was spending enough time as my lookout.
She said, "I know that look on a guy's face, it is the same as some get when I am jerking them. But don't worry I promise I will get you through this. It's been hard to take my eyes off yours, and your cock, but I have been watching the parking lot too, and there is a break in the flow of people right now, so take a look at these and see if it helps you cum."
I looked and she had exposed one of the most perfect pair of breasts I was ever close to, the others were my cousins. She was in far enough for them to almost over my face as she reached down and started to rub my chest and abs. As long as she was rubbing me I did not worry about someone coming, or anything else. She kept getting closer to my cock and balls, and the suspense of her touching them then consumed me. When she did finally replace my hand with hers around my balls the feeling of it did the trick, her wonderful tits in my face did not hurt either. I kept jerking as she started to squeeze my balls delicately, and I ejaculated a tremendous amount of cum at a high velocity. It was a whole new feeling, not the physical part so much, it was the mental place I was in that was taking the feeling it gave me far beyond my dreams.
I was speechless and still staring into her eyes for what seemed like a long time before she spoke again.
"That was the most awesome sexual experience I ever witnessed, it was your cock, but I could feel it in my pussy too. It was as close to the feeling of fucking as I ever had while not having a cock or toy in me. I am so turned on I am not sure I can't get to my car fast enough to lose my shorts and panties to get myself off, it's too bad you can't come with me and be my lookout. I could get naked for you then, but we have pushed the envelope enough. You sure made a mess, I even see a little on the windshield. I have never seen a guy's cum reach that high of an altitude, some hit your face too, but the dash and steering wheel got most of what did not land on you."
If I thought I could get away with it I would have jumped out of the car like that and followed her there, but I settled for feeling her bare breasts, as she stuck her head in far enough to kiss me on the cheek before she walked away. I had been kissed many times before, but this peck was special. I cleaned up what spunk I could with a couple of fast-food napkins I found under the seat. Since then I have been keeping some there.
I felt all aglow and forgot I was still totally naked. I realized that when a what I would call mature, but attractive woman became my next admirer. She just paused, looked in, and smiled. I decided I better get at least my shirt on and get out of there. I had another two-hour drive, and I decided to do it all with my shorts sitting on the console in case I needed them. I edged myself when I got back on the road thinking about what my lookout might look like naked and doing what I did in her car. I got a thrill now and then when a minivan or SUV passed me with a woman in the passenger seat. I did not even try to hide what my cock or what I was doing with it.
That week I finally found out what gives me the ultimate orgasm, and hoped I would get another chance to expose my cock in the car. It was not likely I could ever get a chance like that, but maybe the hotel maid stunt that was getting popular would be a better one to try. I think it might be the most likely to happen. The worst that could happen I think, would be an angry maid smacking me, hopefully on my naked ass before she stomped out.
It would still be a thrill!