True story. Shortly after our marriage, I got involved in a group of computer hackers, all attending Colleges and Universities in Texas, who were able to communicate via THEnet (Texas Higher Education Network). We didn't use our real names. We used aliases, like Quasar, Fingers, Lounge Lizard, Ada Man, Gemini, Cowboy, and others. I was DickNose (because my nose was always where my dick is supposed to go). We had annual hacking parties hosted at one of the members' home or apartment, where we had a variety of activities including hacking and drinking. My wife was interested in drinking parties and sex parties (she introduced me to Jello Shots at the first of many parties we attended when we were dating) and she wanted to know what we did at our parties. So, she started attending them. On her own, my wife chose the name "Miss Creamy Drawers" because her panties were always wet and creamy. She often joked about leaving "slug marks" on the chairs she sat on. She went by "MCD", which was short for Miss Creamy Drawers, but were also Mary Catherine's initials.
She always drank and flirted at the hacking parties and she was the only female there. At her first party, my wife wore only small black panties with three metal diamond-shaped studs on the front, my black leather motorcycle chaps, and a thin black muscle shirt that showed a *lot* of side-boob and clearly showed the outline of her areolas and her erect nipples standing at attention. Nobody knew we were married, and we didn't let anybody know we were together. It was held in College Station and of course, we arrived in the same car. But Fingers, who was also in Houston, rode with us, so it appeared to be just three people sharing a ride. We made Fingers promise not to let anybody know that MCD and I were together. We didn't have a problem because he was loaded for most of the party.
When we arrived and knocked on the house door, we were greeted by a wide-eyed host (Cowboy) who ogled Cate in her black outfit. She was grinning from ear-to-ear. We made a good couple because she's an exhibitionist and I'm a voyeur. So I love watching her exhibit. Once inside, she immediately started drinking, and exhibiting. Within a few minutes I glimpsed her at a table with two other guys in the corner of the kitchen playing Quarters with tequila. She was drinking a lot of shots, but she insisted that tequila didn't affect her.
Later I walked through the kitchen to see her bent over at the table with her butt sticking out, and her white butt cheeks in full view with her tiny black panties bunched up in her crack. She was so wet that you could see a spot on the outside of her panties just over her pussy. Lounge Lizard stood behind her with his arms extended forward (not touching her) as though he was grasping her waist. He was lunging his hips forwards and backwards like he was fucking her from behind. After a few minutes of this he just dropped his shorts and let his big hard dick pop out in front of all of us. He immediately pulled Cate's black panties down revealing her smooth bald pussy lips which were slightly parted. Then he slid his dick into her creamy wet pussy and continued his hip-thrusting. For a couple of seconds (a few thrusts) she didn't move or say a word. Then she let out a little yelp and said "weeeee!" as she pulled her hips forward to get off his cock. She pulled her panties back in place and continued playing Quarters without even turning around to look at him. But she made eye contact with me and had that same grin on her face. She was such a tease! I was loving it.
Later, still in the kitchen, I saw her drinking directly out of a tequila bottle. I noticed the neck of the bottle was bright red. She had stretched a condom over the bottle and pricked a hole in it to suck the tequila out -- moving her mouth sensually up and down and around the bottle neck as she sucked it. Lounge Lizard was watching her intently, and kept grabbing at his dick through his shorts. Later, when I couldn't find her, I wondered if she had hooked up with one of the guys and was being sexual in a room upstairs (based on my knowledge of some of her many sexual encounters prior to our marriage). So I went looking for her and found her on the floor under a table with someone. All I could see were his out-stretched legs and Cate sitting to his side, bent over his waist with her head on his crotch. I couldn't see anything under her head to know for sure what she was doing but I suspected it was Lounge Lizard and I suspected Cate was sucking his dick. Then I heard the sound of his belt buckle jingle when I said something to her. She looked up at me from the floor with that same grin on her face again.
I was wearing jeans and my black leather motorcycle jacket over a t-shirt. We were in the living room and Cate begged me to let her wear the jacket. So I took it off and tossed it over to a chair next to her. To everyone's amazement, she grabbed the bottom of her muscle shirt and pulled it up and over her head, letting her firm round C-cup tits pop out and bounce a little (her male coworkers had nicknamed her 'Jello' because of the way her tits jiggled when she walked). She pretended to get her shirt stuck on her head as she pulled it up covering her face. She bounced her tits around as she struggled to get the shirt off her face and head. Her nipples were sticking out and standing erect like tin soldiers on Christmas morning. All the guys were staring and had huge bulges in their pants as she walked over to the chair topless and put on the jacket. But she didn't zip it up, only fastened the snaps at the bottom on the waistband. Her white abdomen and tit cleavage contrasted strongly to the black leather barely covering her nipples. Her long reddish-blonde hair accented the ensemble as it flowed down the front of the jacket. Everyone could see her wet spot getting larger and now moving up the front of her panties. It looked like she had smeared cream on the outside of them.
I left to take a piss and then went to the kitchen to get more Jello shots. Strangely nobody else was there. When I returned to the living room, I saw that they were all there looking at Cate lying face down on a blanket on the carpet in the middle of the room. The chaps were gone (I never got them back) and she had only her black panties on. My jacket was laying on the couch. Three of the guys, Ada Man, Lounge Lizard, and Cowboy, were seated on the floor around her. The rest of them were standing and watching. They had pulled her panties down past the top of her butt to uncover her hips and half of her butt-crack, and they were painting on her skin with finger-paint. I saw a spine and vertebrae painted in black down her back. They were working on her legs and hips with bright colors when I walked in. As I watched, Lounge Lizard grabbed her panties at each side of her hips and pulled them all the way down to the bottom of her butt, showing her tight brown butt-hole. Then all three of them started painting on her ass and in her crack with their fingers. They just made a mess there, and I think rather than painting anything, they were just feeling her off with paint on their fingers. I watched Lounge Lizard stick his slippery red-paint-covered finger into her ass-hole and rotate it. She let out a soft moan.
Before the paint on her butt had dried, they turned her onto her back, showing her tits again, which, at only 21 years old, were perky and firm even laying down. Her panties were still pulled down past her pussy hair to just below the tops of her smooth shaved puffy lips. Knowing that everyone could see her wet pussy lips was a huge turn-on for me. This is when she saw me and, for the first time, knew I was in the room watching. She immediately got that grin on her face again. Lounge Lizard put a gob of yellow paint in his hand and began feeling my wife's boobs by cupping them and making slow circular motions until each tit was a yellow circle. Then he put brown on the tips of his fingers and thumbs and swirled them around her small areolas and twisted her hard nipples until each boob looked like a yellow flower with a brown center. Cowboy painted a long green flower stem from each titty down her abdomen into the cleft between her pussy lips. I watched him dig his finger into her cleft trying to find her hole and saw the paint mix with her copious pussy juice and make runny green goo. She grinned even wider.
In the meantime, Ada Man had raised her legs and spread them wide. Cate bent them at her knees and had her feet flat on the blanket with Ada Man sitting in-between them. He was painting long red lines down the inside of her thighs, from her bent knees to her panties, with arrow-heads pointing to her pussy. He was almost blind and wore glasses that were probably more than a half-inch thick. Yet he still had to get very close to see anything. Because Cate's panties were pulled down exposing her pussy lips, they were bunched up between her legs and sticking out at her crotch. Ada Man had been staring at this for several minutes with his face up close to her panty crotch. I thought maybe he was just trying to get a glimpse of heaven.
Then suddenly, with his face inches from her crotch, he reached up, grabbed her bunched-up panties, and pulled them to the side and just stared into her gaping wet pussy hole. I was so excited I felt like I would have a heart attack! There it was, in all its glory, with parted pussy lips exposing her lady-parts soaking wet with white cream. Her pheromones were thick in the air. He didn't say a word. He just stared at her wet cunt from about four inches away. The other two silently watched him. Maybe they were wondering the same thing I was: "What was he thinking?". I imagined it was something like; "OH MY GOD! That's a pussy, a real live pussy. I can't believe it. What do I do? Can I touch it?" And maybe those were his thoughts because just then he slid a finger all the way into her swollen pussy and just held it there. I'll bet that's the first one he ever touched.
Ada Man was a big heavy socially awkward nerd; a classic computer geek. Lounge Lizard on the other hand considered himself a skilled lady's man. He pushed Ada Man out of the way dropped his shorts again, pulled Cate's panties down to past her knees to her ankles, laid on top of her, pushed his boner straight into her without having to touch it, and started fucking her in front of all of us. His tiny white butt looked comical as it went up and down while he humped her as she laid on the floor with her knees bent. She opened her legs wider and her panties shot off to the side. Then she pulled her legs up into the air to let him get deeper inside her. She was saying things like, "Oh yea! Deeper, deeper! Mmmm, that's the spot. Don't stop." DAMN, I was turned on! During all this time she had been making eye contact with me, but when I noticed that she was looking around at the other guys, I did too. And I saw that some of them had whipped out their dicks and were stroking them while they watched. So, I did too! It was the most exciting thing I had ever experienced -- watching another guy fuck my young wife in front of a crowd of people while we stroked off to it.
But Lounge Lizard quickly came with a loud groan, and I suddenly wondered how this was going to end. Was I going to see my wife gang-banged right there, as each guy took turns with her? I wasn't sure I would be as turned on by that. But after Lounge Lizard pulled his limp dick out of her, she quickly got up, found her panties and pulled them on, saying "Well, I think this is over", and that was it. Then she walked out of the room topless. After she went to the bathroom, she returned to the living room to put my jacket back on and some of the guys were still there. Others had gone into the upstairs bathroom to clean up.
Too bad this was before the days of smart-phones with cameras. I would love to have a video of this to watch. But because I have a photographic memory, I can replay the tape in my head of what I saw any time I want. And you can bet that more guys attended the next party than ever before