After we're finished with our time in Ireland, Claire and I take a flight from Dublin to Edinburgh. Even on the taxi ride to the hotel, we start to fall in love with the city. It seems so quiet for a city and everywhere we look we see something beautiful or steeped in history. We spend our first day walking around taking in all of the sights the city has to offer. We walk miles throughout out the city. It is the first big city that I feel like I could live in. If we were rich, I'd totally by a home in Scotland. Everyone we meet is very nice and helpful. It doesn't seem like it's possible to have a bad experience there.
On the second day, we've booked a bus tour of the highlands. The beauty of the lochs and mountains and hills is even greater than I had thought. I was worried that they would disappoint me like when you build something up so much in your head and then reality can never match it. The pictures we take as we stop in various places throughout the highlands look just like postcards but every time I look at them I'll know I was actually there. The bus driver is fun and engaging as a tour guide and the long day on the bus seems to go by too quickly. I wish I could spend days walking the highlands like some of my ancestors did. I feel at home in this place across the ocean from where I was born.
By the time us and the other passengers load up onto the bus after out last stop, the sun is setting. The driver announces that it will be at least another 45 minutes to an hour before we get back to Edinburgh. I sit by the window and watch as we pass by the last set of sheep and hairy coos that we'll be able to see and then the sun has set. The bus's aisle lights are dim and the only overhead lights are those that individual passengers can turn on just like in airplanes. What was once a steady rumble of talk has died down to a murmur as we all sit either asleep or simply relaxing from such a long day.
Claire leans her head against my shoulder, and I kiss the top of her head. She rests her hand on my thigh and gently caresses me through my jeans. Her hand movements are absentminded and with no other purpose than to be in contact with me. I put my arm around her so that she can snuggle up to me better. Her breathing deepens and I think she's fallen asleep when she sits up a moment and then looks around. She sticks her head in the aisle and looks up and down it before she turns in her seat and looks directly behind us. She stands just a little for a moment and looks at the seats in front of us. I frown in the darkness trying to figure out what she's doing.
When she sits back down, she puts her head back on my shoulder, and I once again wrap my arm around her. She returns to caressing my thigh, but this time her hand movements are directed and deliberate. With each gentle stroke she works her hand higher up my thigh. Then she works her way back down to where she started before doing it again. The third time she doesn't stop and instead continues her hand over to my crotch. I know she can't feel much through my jeans with my dick still flaccid but she caresses me anyway. I look across the aisle but the seats across from us are the only two that are empty on the whole bus.
She shifts in her seat so that she is more on her side facing me as she leans her shoulder against the back of the seat. She moves her head up and kisses me softly on the lips before she puts the side of her head against the back of the seat as well. She quietly begins to unbuckle my belt. When the metal belt buckle jingles loudly she pauses and looks around quickly again. Hearing and seeing no one stir, she unbuttons my jeans and unzips my fly. She reaches in and caresses my now semi-hard dick through my boxer briefs. As she touches me, my cock continues to swell until it is uncomfortably tight. She pulls down the top of my underwear exposes my cock to the dark air of the bus. There's still enough ambient light that I can clearly see myself and now it is my turn to try and look around. I can't really see anything from my point of view however. She continues to pull my underwear down until my balls are free as well, then she places the elastic ban under my balls. When she lets go, it pushes against my balls but my underwear stays down and my cock free.
She starts by gripping my cock loosely and stroking her hand up and down slowly. She makes a circle with her thumb and forefinger and uses it to slowly stroke my cock up and down. When she reaches the base each time, she squeezes hard, and she does the same thing each time when she reaches my swollen head. Then she simply grabs me tight with just her forefinger and thumb and she rubs them up and down the top and bottom off my shaft applying a lot of pressure. This new maneuver makes my body tighten as I feel the sensation deep throughout my hard cock.
Someone in the seat behind us coughs and shifts, and I quickly lean forward and use my shirt to cover myself up. Claire drops her hand so that it is simply touching my thigh again. We stay like that a moment with our hearts pounding before Claire looks behind us quickly. Apparently the coast is clear, as she works her hand under my shirt and squeezes my cock. I lean back and pull my shirt back up so she can go back to stroking me. However, she instead drops her head into my lap and wraps her lips around the tip of my dick.
Her tongue flicks and licks my head causing my cock to twitch in her mouth. I fidget in my seat as she slides her mouth down my cock until she has it as far as it will go with my clothes still on. She remains like that with her mouth completely filled with my cock for what seems like several minutes before she releases my cock in a loud wet smacking noise. She looks at me a little embarrassed by being too loud and a little thrilled to be taking such a risk. We don't hear a sound or a movement in response to the noise that she'd made, so she bends down again and begins sucking my cock. She moves her head up and down my pole as she sucks hard on it. The sensation begins to become too much for me and I have to stifle a moan with a cough.
She begins to suck as fast as she dares trying to not make a single gulping or slurping noise. In moments, my body is tightening in preparation to come. I touch her on the head and she stops for a moment frozen with my cock halfway in her mouth. Then she bobs up and down a few more times. I think she's going to stop completely, but instead, she again wraps her lips around just the head of my cock and begins to stroke my shaft the best that she can with our cramped position. Her tongue continuously tickles the sensitive spot under my head and I'm now on the verge of a total melt down.
I have no time to warn her again, but she's made it clear that she knows I'm about to come. So without hesitation I let myself go. I clench my teeth hard as I try to not make a sound. My cock twitches with each blast of cum I send into her mouth. She keeps stroking, sucking, and licking as my legs begin to shake. She continues on until she is positive she's sucked out every last drop. She sits up, opens her mouth, and sticks out her tongue slightly. In the dim light, I can see her mouth is full of my load. She closes her mouth and swallows hard before she opens her mouth again and sticks out her tongue showing the proof that she'd swallowed it all.
I quickly and quietly put my spent cock back in my pants and put everything back on right. She returns to leaning her head against mine just like she had at the start. I put my arm around her and we stay like that for the rest of the bus ride. When we get back to our small hotel, the night receptionist, a young man who is probably several years younger than us, stares at Claire as we walk through the small lobby. Once in our room, I finally notice what he had been looking at. On her chin was the dried but still very visible evidence of our bus ride experience. She doesn't clean herself off, but instead strips and lays on the bed naked.
There's a knock at the door. I look over at Claire, but before she can move I turn to the door and open it. The receptionist is standing in the hallway holding a can of Irn-Bru which was the soda he had told me about when we first checked in the previous day. I take the can from his hand and thank him. I see him look passed me into the room and his eyes fall on Claire's voluptuous naked body. I wait a moment letting him drink her in before I thank him again and close the door. I set the can on the nearby counter and strip off my clothes before climbing into bed.
In moments, we're in each other's arms making love. I slide my cock into her pussy and slowly thrust in and out as I lay on top of her. She squeezes my ass and scrapes her nails across my back as I pick up speed. I kiss her deeply and then pull away from her. I sit up on my knees and wait for her to move to our favorite position. She quickly rolls over and raises herself to her hands and knees. She guides my cock into her pussy and I slam myself into her. She shudders and moans loudly. I slap her ass several times leaving a read mark before I grab her hair and pull her head back. My balls slap against her as I pound her from behind. Soon she is no longer moaning but yelling my name loudly. I continue to pound her hoping that the receptionist can hear us fucking.