I was just walking out of the airport and looking for a taxi when I was able to hail cab 3074b. It pulled up to the curb and the guy came out and took my bags, and I didn't really notice him. Yeah he had to be strong cause he lifted two 50+ pound bags into the trunk but his response to my destination was what surprised me.
"Where you heading miss?" he asked.
"Queens please, you can just drop me off on the outside of the town."
Giving me that, 'You must be a tourist' look, he said:
"You realize that it's almost midnight?"
"Yes, I plan to walk to my hotel tonight."
"I get off shift in an hour, which will be the time it take to get from here to Queens, so then that means I plan to walk you to your hotel."
"I really insist that you must's, you see I have this arrangement..." was I really going to explain this to an over caring and surely nice but NEW YORK cab driver?
"Go on... Prove to me why you don't need to be with another person at midnight in Queens walking to an undisclosed location."
Feeling almost defeated, I challenged him.
"Well, if I tell you, I don't think that you would be able to focus on the road..."
"Try me, miss, I've heard it all, and never have gotten even a speeding ticket."
"I highly doubt that any of your customers," for lack of a better word(!),"have ever told you of their sexcapades that they have specifically planned for in New York, just so they could cross it off their bucket list, so when my work freed up I decided to book it and go."
Obviously in shock, I had unnerved this cab driver, and leaning forward to see if he was still alive and driving, I could see the start of a tent form in his pants.
"Where are you going to?"
"KM, why?"
He started pulling over. And his dick looked like it was about to make a run for it once it broke free of the confines of his jeans.
"I work there at night." He said, looking a bit... perplexed, "Please tell me that you are not the quest who booked the stay under, Seedy Tramp Bandit."
"Never, Every hotel reservation I make is under an alias."
"Smart woman."
"Please call me, Kelsey."
"The Kelsey that is going to be checking into room, 311 this evening?"
"Yes..." was this my escort? the sexy bellhop that came with my package? Or the guy that was going to be my week long fuck buddy?
"You then Miss are late for your reservation."
Thru the New York cab divider, I whispered, "And what are you going to do about it?"
"Get out, come around, and sit by me... Then you'll see what we're gonna do about it."
I got out of the cab after grabbing a condom out of my purse, (online I had checked off the safe sex only please box) and ducked into the front.
"Your much more accessible up front here."
"Accessible? As in available to fuck my brains out in a cab?"
"That was something you checked off in your package Miss Kelsey."
"Good! Then please, let me see your cock!"
Easily 8 inches long, I knew that this was going to be one amazing fuck, and to have him as my week long fuck buddy, my god this is going to be orgasmic. Once he shed his pants I quickly made a grab for his manly hood. Instead he pushed my hand away and reached for the condom I had placed on the dashboard, and slid it on him.
"Not so fast eager one. You've been a naughty girl, and you need to be punished."
"I have been quite naughty, in fact it looks like I've seduced my cab driver, and made him want to fuck this bitches little cunt." I said knowing this would be the escapade of naughty-ness I had planned for.
"You must be dripping wet."
"Why don't you check?"
"Happily."
He tore off my pants and made sure that my underwear were gone before he took his middle finger and shoved it straight into my cunt.
I moaned.
"You're so tight my fuck."
"I'm just aroused, they get tighter the more I'm pushed towards orgasm."
Just as the words were out of my mouth and emptiness was felt, I knew what he needed...
"Come on Daddy, please fuck this little girl! I've been so naughty and so bad that I need to be punished. Shove it-"
He was in and furiously pumping away. Using my arms as resistance I placed them on the door, and pushed back as he pushed in. Once he furiously started thrusting he pulled me up, and in between breaths he said, "You see what you have gotten? You know what's going to happen the next time your naughty right?" He forced my head down to see his cock pushing into my pussy.
"No, please tell me." His cock was a piston going in and out of me like a madman, and I was close.
"I... won't...let...you...orgasm!"
I exploded around his rock hard member, and convulsed in one of the most powerful orgasms I have ever had.
"Now it's Daddy's turn to beg! Please baby girl you feel so good, please let me cum."
"No, you can't come until I tell you, you can."
"I won't tolerate that you little slut! I'm going to give you one more chance-" I caught him off guard with a kiss while my internal muscles grabbed at his dick and climbed on top of him in the driver's seat. neither of us were leaving this cab with only one orgasm under our belt.
In between kisses his false bravado started to fade, and the rehearsed lines were pushed aside.
"I need another orgasm Max, please! Please let me fuck your cock. I need it deep inside me, I want that dick to fuck me so hard that I'll see stars. You understand me?!"
"Then get out of the car, there's only one way to do that."
He pushed me out from the door on my side of the car and told me, "Spread 'em, and turn around."
Doggy style!
He slipped right in and started pushing into me faster than I thought possible.
"Want a treat that makes all the girls cum?"
"Yes!" I didn't care what it was, I was game for anything and so close to the point of release.
All he said was one word, "anal."
Oh god, yes! That was just what I needed.
"And so your pussy doesn't miss out," He shoved three fingers into me, and I almost came right then.
"Come on Kelsey, spread those cheeks for me!"
He pumped into my cunt a few more times getting my closer and himself wetter and while doing so, working my ass to relax and fingering it.
"Fuck my ass!" I hissed at him.
And slowly, torturing me he slid his bug cock into my ass and once he was balls deep started to pull out until the head was just inside. With his one hand busy buried in my pussy, and his cock sliding in and out of my ass, I knew that neither of us were going to last long.
"Can I cum yet!?"
"On my say, ready?"
He nodded.
"One," he started going faster and alternating between thrusting his fingers in my cunt and his dick in my ass.
"TWO," he made them both shove in and out of me in tandem.
"NOW!" And I felt him cum, and since the condom was off, I could feel ever spurt of his liquid gold fill my ass. And as he came I spasmed around his hand and cock, in an orgasm for the ages.
Laying there on the hood of his cab, completely spent, he said, "This is going to be a long week."
"Well, we can cross a few things off the list. Getting fucked by a cabbie, getting anal, being dominated, and thoroughly fucked are a few off the top of my head."
"With that many things done in the first round. You're going to need a bigger list!"