I had been a member of my local amateur dramatics society for about four years when the new director took over. My name is John and I had played a couple of the more important parts recently, not the leading man but still quite important roles. I am a little under 6ft tall and 26 years old, I keep fit with cycling and working out at the gym and although I don't think I'm very good looking I know I'm not totally ugly either. The new director was very ambitious and wanted to stage a new and very risqué play where several actors and actresses would be required to appear nude. A lot of our regulars immediately refused and it looked as if this play wouldn't be done until he contacted another nearby society and some of their acting team volunteered to join us temporarily. I found the idea of stage nudity a little bit of a thrill and so I had agreed straight away to do it and was offered a part playing a slightly introverted man a little older than myself who was married to an extrovert woman. I wasn't the lead but it was quite an important sub-plot and the woman playing my wife was a good looking single young woman from the other society.
A week after we had been given our scripts we had a meeting at the theatre where the play was discussed, the cast were quite positive about the play but some people wanted re-assurances about how far we were expected to go with things. The director explained that he wanted the two societies to get to know each other a bit better and be comfortable with the idea of performing with each other, I had only met Jane, who was playing my wife, very briefly and she smiled at me as she came over to sit beside me. After the meeting she invited herself over to mine for a coffee and a chat, I panicked a little as I tried to remember if I had tidied up or not but she was quite insistent in a nice way so we walked back together. I was a little nervous at first but she slipped her arm through mine and said "Come on. we're supposed to have been married about five years, just relax!"
For the next two weeks after rehearsals we would have a coffee at my place and a chat about the play and other things, I was getting relaxed with her and I believe she liked me too. We were talking about nothing much when suddenly she asked how I felt about doing the nude scene in the play,
"It's funny." I told her "I don't mind the thought of the audience seeing me because I don't know them, but I find the idea of my fellow cast members seeing me naked is a bit daunting. Do you think that's weird?"
"No," she replied " I think I know what you mean but I have an idea about how to relax us before the play."
"What's that then?" I asked her.
"Simple," she said "we just need to spend time together in each other's company, only we do it naked!"
I nearly choked on my coffee, which set her off laughing,
"Come on, it'll be fun and I bet it will work too," Jane explained "new rules, no clothes allowed here or at my place when we are together!"
I wasn't sure about this but she was very enthusiastic and started pulling at my shirt, I started to undress and soon I was standing there naked as she laughingly started to undress herself. In a couple of minutes we were both naked and I was a little embarrassed as I was trying not to stare at her. Jane had a lovely slim body with perky medium sized breasts and lovely pink nipples which were definitely standing proud.
"Don't be shy," she told me, "we've been married ages remember so I think we just need to look at each other and get used to it."
She made no secret of the fact she was looking at my cock and I could feel myself starting to swell a little as I looked at her lovely tits. Jane wasn't hiding anything from me as she stood with her legs slightly apart and since she was fully shaved there wasn't much I couldn't see. She told me that she wanted me to see every bit of her and slowly turned a circle in front of me, she had a very nice trim figure and when she was facing me again I was more than a little bit aroused. She stared at my cock and then told me to do a turnaround for her which I did quite slowly, she was still smiling at me when she told me to look as much as I wanted. She then turned her back to me and bent over from the waist and grasped her ankles with her legs slightly apart, I had an amazing view of her pussy and arsehole as she held the pose.
"Get a really good look," she told me "after all, we are supposed to have been together for a good while now so we don't have any secrets do we."
I got down on my knees behind her and brought my face up close to her beautiful pussy, I could see she was a little damp and her inner lips were opening as she parted her legs a little more. A few minutes later she stood up and we carried on talking, she said she wanted us to spend at least two hours together every evening so that we could be relaxed with each other's nudity.
"Well that's easier said than done," I said, " I'm finding it difficult not to respond in the usual male way to a naked woman showing me her bits!"
Jane just laughed and told me to sit down, when I did she walked over and straddled my thighs facing me, her pussy was about six inches in front of my face.
"Bloody Hell!" I said "that's not making it any easier!"
She then shocked me by reaching down and taking hold of my now rigid cock and slowly stroking me. She bent her knees and lowered herself until the tip of my cock was touching her pussy lips and stroked me along her damp slit. Her pussy lips parted and soon my tip was stroking against her engorged clit then she put her entrance over me and slid down a little more, the first two inches or so of my cock were now inside her and she let go of my cock and looked down at her pussy.
"Let's watch this together." She said as she slowly slid further down until my prick was completely inside her lovely wet cunt. "I love watching," She told me, and then started to move up and down. We were both so aroused that it wasn't long before we were coming, I fired what felt like a huge dollop of come deep inside her and she was clenching and releasing me with her inner muscles as she milked my sperm deep into her cunt.
"I want pictures next time," she said "I love looking at a cock slipping into my pussy, I'll have to show you my photo collection when you come over to mine"
"Collection! how many have you got?" I asked.
"I've got pictures from almost every man I've had sex with," she told me "all except the first three anyway. I have thirty two sets of photos."
She sounded proud of that and I also found it very arousing to think she had fucked so many different men, my cock was still inside her and was starting to get hard again. Jane started slowly moving up and down on me but looking down every so often to see her cunt being fucked by my cock, she was obviously very turned on by the visual aspect of sex. I had a strange thought and asked if she had ever been watched by a third person when she was fucking, I could tell by her increased arousal that she enjoyed the memory when she told that yes, she had once fucked in front of another couple who had then allowed her and her boyfriend to watch them. She admitted to me that it was the biggest turn on her for - she just loved being watched having sex, she described it as being deliciously naughty.
Jane was a lot more sexually experienced than I was, she wasn't shy about telling me exactly what she wanted and so I got a lot more proficient at eating pussy. I enjoyed it a lot and I believe I got quite good at it in a short space of time.
For the next month leading up to the performance of the play we spent a couple of hours each day with each other naked and almost always ended up sucking and fucking, Jane got her photo's too. We started to go out socially but I sort of knew I wasn't going to be her one and only man and I found out for sure not long after the play was finished. The play itself went quite well really, although there were a few people who didn't approve but they also didn't cause any trouble about it. I enjoyed my role and I know Jane did too, those who did come and see it seemed to enjoy it too.
A few days after the play I answered my door to find Helen standing there, she was another member of the society who had refused to take part in the last play because of the nudity. She was a year or two older than me and quite attractive, slim and tall with dark hair and blue eyes. Helen always dressed very conservatively but seemed to have a nice figure from what I could tell. She seemed a bit agitated about something so I invited her in and asked if she would like a drink which she refused, although she did seem as if she'd already had one or two. She seemed to calm down a little and I asked her why she was here,
"It's about Jane," she said "she's having an affair with my husband."
I didn't say so but I wouldn't have been surprised,
"Why do you say that," I replied.
"Because Peter admitted it, said she instigated it and even took photo's."
I knew it was the truth when she said that, Jane and her trophy pictures.
"But why come round here? Jane doesn't live with me." I told her
"I just thought you should know what your girlfriend is up to."
"Oh I know what she's like, but she's not really my girlfriend, we were just having fun while rehearsing."
"Well Peter's had his fun and now I want some. I spoke to them separately and she admitted it, Peter said they only did it once but she said they had sex five times"
She walked over to me and started to unbutton my shirt, she was a little unsteady on her feet and was leaning on me a bit.
"Come on and help me undress before I change my mind or lose my nerve."
We undressed and fondled each other, she was slowly stroking my cock as I held a breast in one hand and cupped her pussy with the other. Her pubic hair was cut short but not shaved and I stroked a finger along her slit, soon we were on the sofa with me on top in between her legs as I ran the head of my cock along her damp pussy before slowly sinking into her. We lay there not moving for a while, I was savouring the lovely feeling of her pussy gripping my cock when she started to talk.
"I've never done this with anyone other than Peter," she said "I want to fuck you at least a dozen times before I forgive him."
"That's fine by me," I told her "are you sure a dozen will be enough?"
She laughed and wrapped her legs behind me and clasped me tightly so I could hardly move.
"It feels weird and naughty but also very nice," she said "I wish I'd had the confidence to take part in that play, did you enjoy it?"
"Yes," I told her "it was quite daring for me as I'm not really an extrovert like Jane."
"Perhaps we can help each other be more outgoing, anyway that's enough talking let's fuck."
Helen loosened her hold on me a little as I started to move, sliding my cock in and out of her wet pussy. We were both so aroused it wasn't long before we were moving faster and faster until she cried out and clasped me tightly to her as she came on my cock and a few seconds later I was emptying my balls deep inside her. We lay still for a while getting our breath back, my softening cock was still inside her for a while before we untangled ourselves and stood up. She seemed a little self conscious about being naked at first but then seemed to realise how silly it was and relaxed.
We talked a little more and had a drink as we relaxed. I found her very easy to talk to and quite amusing, she had a dry sense of humour and it seemed as if something had changed for her that night in a big way. She told me Jane was at her house right now and that if she called Peter to say she was staying the night with a friend he wouldn't object.
"You are a friend now aren't you John." she said.
"Of course I am," I told her.
We then went into the bedroom to get more comfortable and carried on talking while lying on the bed, before long we were kissing and fondling and getting more turned on. Helen had hold of my stiffening cock as I slowly fingered her sopping cunt when suddenly she got up.
"Just need something out of my handbag." She told me as she went back into the living room, she came back a few seconds later with her phone and got back on the bed. She knelt astride me as I lay on my back and watched her take my cock and position herself over it, she slid herself down until I was completely inside her and then she made a phone call.
"Hello Peter," she said "I'm just calling to say I won't be home tonight."
"No, I'm fine. I just need to have some time to think so don't worry about me, I'll be back sometime tomorrow maybe."
As she spoke she was making very small up and down movements on my cock.
"No, I'm just finding it hard right now and I want some time to take it all in."
I had to bite my hand to keep from laughing as she was grinning at me while talking in a subdued tone to her husband. I was playing with her nipples and trying to shove my cock as deep into her as I could, she quickly finished her call and we got down to some serious fucking.
"God that felt so dirty, talking to my husband while another man is inside me. We just have to do that again!"
Afterwards we had a shower and snuggled up in bed naked and holding each other as we dropped off to sleep.
We got up late next morning but Helen didn't seem to be in any rush to leave, in fact she didn't even get dressed so I didn't either. I really enjoyed watching her wander about naked and she of course knew I was watching her because she made sure I got a good eyeful as she sat down with her legs apart and leaned back on the sofa.
"Where's your porn," she asked "you must have some porn about the place."
"What would you like to see?" I said.
"Anything, but not too kinky," she replied "just some straightforward sex but no anal, that really doesn't do it for me."
"OK," I said and turned on the TV. I got a memory stick loaded and put it into the player and we sat and watched for about an hour or so.
"Why do they always have to pull out and squirt on her tits or face?" she asked "I like my spunk where it belongs, nice and deep inside so that it runs down your legs afterwards, then you know you've been fucked properly."
Wow, considering I had always thought Helen to be prim and proper I thought just how wrong I could be, she was a lot more uninhibited than I first imagined.
"I'm not going back today if you don't mind," she suddenly said "I don't need fresh clothes just yet because I'm not going to be wearing any today, I just want to relax naked with you."
"Fine by me," I told her "but you'll have to let Peter know that you are OK."
"I will," she said with a grin "I want to call him again with your cock inside me, he will have been with Jane all night anyway."
Then she got a serious look on her face,
"I don't know if I want to leave Peter yet and even if I did I don't want to jump into another permanent relationship either, do you mind if we stay just good friends?"
"How good?" I asked.
"Friends with benefits" she said smiling "fuck-buddies even, but I shall need a good seeing to from you at least twice a week. I'm looking forward to that walk home with your spunk running down my legs!"
"That's fine but I'd like you to spend the night sometimes."
"Definitely."
We sat and watched a bit more porn, Helen seemed quite taken by one scene where a woman was being fucked by two men, she was sucking one while another was fucking her doggy fashion. She said she was going to make Peter agree to that and I was to come round one night and we'd give it a go, wow. Helen was getting more and more adventurous all the time, then she announced that she wanted me to shave her pussy just like the porn stars. I went and fetched soap, a towel and a razor and soon she was lying very still while I removed all her hair from around her pussy and arse too. When I finished her pussy looked so nice I couldn't resist and dived in licking and tonguing her, I didn't stop until she had a huge orgasm and was gasping for breath. While she was calming down I moved up and shoved my cock straight in and started fucking her hard until we both came again.
Helen told me that Peter and her had hardly done any oral sex as Peter didn't seem to like going down on her. I told her I loved it and would be happy to do it whenever she wanted.
Later she had me lie down on my back and mounted herself on my cock as she phoned Peter again, she was talking to him and looking down at her shaved pussy with my prick inside her as she told him she was staying away for at least one more night. We didn't get dressed that day either. After we had another shower we had a lazy day just fondling and sucking and playing with each other, I sucked her lovely pussy paying particular attention to her engorged clit while fingering her until she had another intense orgasm before we cuddled up in bed exhausted and slept late before she finally dressed and went home.
Before she left she said that she was going to tell Peter the truth, she wanted to keep me as her lover and if he didn't like it they would part company.
"What do you think he'll say?" I asked.
"I think he'll go along with it, he'll also want to carry on seeing Jane until she dumps him but I'm not dumping you."
"I don't want you to either," I told her. "I'm looking forward to that threesome."
"Me too, perhaps other things as well but we'll talk about that some other time."
Helen seemed to have decided that she had been missing out sexually and wanted to make up for it. She started to dress less conservatively, she once turned up at my place wearing nothing but a coat and shoes, the moment she got inside she took off the coat and went for my zip and pulled out my cock and started sucking me right in the hallway. She seemed really emotional and after I shot a load down her willing throat I asked her why.
"I came home a bit early from work today as it's Friday and heard noises in the bedroom, I went upstairs quietly and peeped from behind the door to see Peter and Jane shagging on the bed." she told me. "I didn't make a sound but I think Jane saw me, she had a funny little smile as I watched for a few minutes. I was feeling a bit angry so I took off my clothes, left them in the spare room, got my coat back on and drove round here, I'm not going back there tonight so I'll stay here with you if you don't mind."
I didn't mind of course and I led her into the living room, when she sat down I got between her lovely legs and started licking her pussy and sucking her clit, it didn't take her long to come and we sat for while just cuddling on the sofa. I think she was a bit upset really and just wanted to have some company. We had a glass of wine each and watched some porn, after an hour or so she got her phone from her bag and then climbed onto my lap facing me, I had a raging hard-on as she slipped my cock into her wet cunt before calling Peter. She told him that she had seen him and Jane and that she wasn't coming home until Sunday and he'd better change the bloody bed sheets too and with that she hung up. We weren't moving, she just sat in my lap impaled on my prick and seemed to be struggling a bit to regain her composure.
"He's such a shit," she said "I really don't think our marriage is going to last much longer. I know I'm having an affair as well but I just don't think he cares about me at all, he hardly talks to me and he doesn't seem to be interested in sex with me any more either."
I tried to reassure her a bit, to make her feel wanted and it seemed to work - maybe because I was still buried deep in her pussy. We kissed and cuddled a bit more before she started to grind her pussy into me and lifting up a little before dropping back down onto my cock, soon we were going hard at it and both started coming at the same time. Helen was clinging on to me tightly as I squirted my spunk deep inside her, and she had a little weeping session before we slowly separated.
"Let's go out for a drink and a walk," Helen suggested.
"You haven't got any clothes!" I said.
"I've got my coat and shoes, that's all I need." she responded.
"OK"
So we got ourselves cleaned up and went down to the local pub, Helen was still a little down but we had a couple of drinks before deciding to go for a stroll before going back to mine. It was a bit late and very quiet as we walked and to try and lighten the mood I dared her to open her coat, she didn't hesitate for a minute and grinned at me as she undid the buttons. As we walked along her coat would swing open giving short glimpses of her lovely naked body, I complimented her on her bravery and told how sexy she looked and as we approached my street I dared her to take off the coat altogether. She did hesitate at that for a moment but then smiled at me as she slipped her coat off and passed it to me, she even slowed down her walking pace as if to make it last before we finally got to my house. We hadn't met anyone on the way but when we got to my door I pretended I couldn't find my keys for a while, she just laughed and turned outwards to face the street while she waited for me to open the door. I finally opened the door and we went straight up to bed where we had a kiss and cuddle before going to sleep.
Next morning Helen seemed in better spirits and we had a little chat on the sofa, I hadn't put any clothes on and we had a little cuddle as we talked.
"I've decided to break up with Peter," she told me "but I don't want to dive into another relationship just yet. Having said that, can I move in with you until I find a place of my own? I don't have a lot of money but I can pay you with sex!"
"That's fine by me," I told her "but the exchange rate is down at the moment, there are a lot of shags to the pound right now."
We had a laugh and then she decided that she would take the day off on Monday and collect her things and move in then.
We were invited to a small New Year's party at a friend's house not too far away from where we lived, there were only going to be four or five couples and the dress code was "Pimps and Whores". I hired a seventies style cream suit with flared trousers and a big floppy hat, I wore a shirt with big collars outside my jacket to complete the look. Helen wouldn't show me her outfit as it was to be a surprise, this worried me a bit as I wondered how far she would go with this.
When we got to the party and she took off her coat I was a little relieved and almost disappointed to see she hadn't gone for anything too outrageous. She had a short skirt and a thin blouse and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra, but she looked not much different to the other women who were there. The living room had all the furniture moved back to clear a space for dancing and there was a small lighting unit on the floor in one corner that was shining out bright lights that flashed and changed colour and intensity in time with the music. The music wasn't too loud so people could talk and the drink was already flowing. I am not much of a dancer when sober so Helen was dancing with our hostess, Sue. As she passed between me and the light it came on a bit brighter and her blouse just seemed to disappear, I don't know what it was made of but it certainly left nothing much to the imagination. Helen danced on as if she wasn't aware but I knew from her small smile that she knew exactly the effect she was creating, then she did a little spin and her skirt flared out and up to reveal her lovely backside and also her beautiful pussy to everyone in the room, she was freshly shaved and without panties.
As you can imagine, she was a popular dance partner that night.
We walked home in the early hours stopping every few yards to kiss and fondle, we weren't drunk but had certainly had enough to lower our inhibitions even further. I unbuttoned her blouse and tugged it out from her skirt and she just took it off and handed it to me, I was kissing and gently squeezing her breasts as we lurched along when I decided to unzip her skirt. I had to stop her from tripping up over it but she didn't seem bothered at all to be walking along the street wearing only her shoes. We finally got home and rushed up to bed where I removed my clothes as she dragged me on top of her, I already had a raging hard-on and sank balls deep into her wet and juicy cunt. We didn't last long the first time but we took it slower the second time and started talking about our evening. As I suspected, Helen knew all about the lighting and had chosen her blouse specially, it was supposed to be worn over a foundation garment but she hadn't bothered with that part.
Helen told me that more and more lately she wanted to be seen either naked or showing off her boobs in a risqué fashion, she told me that one of her fantasies was to be naked at a party or function where everyone else was clothed and looking at her all evening. I decided to try and help out but the old naked hostess at a poker game is a bit clichéd and flashing the pizza delivery guy would only last a few seconds, I wanted her naked for hours if possible but it was still early in the year and far too cold for anything like that outside.
Nothing much happened for the next few months until the weather started to improve and Helen could start wearing more revealing clothing. We had talked a few times about exposing her, especially when we were in bed and she would get really turned on imagining being totally naked. I did a little research and told her that I had found a naturist beach if she was interested, she was but it was not what she really wanted, she wanted to be the only one naked she told me. The beach I had found was a little off the beaten track but not totally deserted and although I knew that women going topless would not be unheard of, it was actually not a nudist beach.
Helen and I set off one Wednesday morning, school was on so there shouldn't be any kids around so hopefully we wouldn't get any complaints. When we got there we saw only a few adults on the beach, not too busy but not empty either. One or two women were topless but no one was naked.
"Why is nobody naked?" Helen asked.
"It's not compulsory," I said "it's clothing optional so they can wear what they want."
She seemed to accept this as we settled down, we got comfortable and Helen stripped down to bikini bottoms.
"Don't you want to go naked?" I asked her.
"In a while," she replied, "no one else seems to at the moment."
"Maybe they're waiting for you." I said.
She lay down on her beach towel but couldn't seem to get comfortable as she was fidgeting,
"Are you sure this is a nude beach?" she asked again.
"Yes, I'm sure" I told her as convincingly as possible.
"OK" she said and pulled her skimpy bikini bottoms off, I don't think she believed me but she was dying to get naked. After a while she settled down but had caught the attention of a few men who were wandering about checking out the women. I'm sure I saw some of these men three or four times casually wandering by and getting a good look at Helen. She must also have realised because she was putting on a bit of a show without being too obvious, her legs were apart just enough to reveal her freshly shaved pussy and she made a bit of a show about applying sun-screen.
When she asked me again I finally admitted that it wasn't really a nudist beach,
"Just enjoy it," I said "nobody is going to complain and there are no families here to get upset."
The people on the beach mostly seemed to be single men with just a few couples and Helen seemed to be enjoying the attention. I had a small camera with me and took a few shots of Helen lying naked on her back, I tried to include a few people in the background of one or two to show what was going on.
"Are you enjoying this?" I asked her.
"Yes," she answered "I'm getting very wet and my nipples are almost painfully hard."
Why not go for a little stroll?" I said "Not too far but you can show off a bit more."
"I think I'll go down and see what the water is like," she told me "probably too cold to go in but I won't know without going down there."
I thought that a bit daring as it was a fair walk down to the water but I would be able to keep an eye on her. I watched her and took a few more photographs as she walked off, she didn't try to avoid anyone and in fact I think she made sure to pass as close as she could to some of the other people on the beach. One man spoke to her and she stopped and chatted with him for a couple of minutes before walking on, she dipped her toes in the sea and turned round to walk back where I got some great frontal shots of her. She stopped to talk to the same man on the way back for a bit longer this time, I noticed she was standing with her legs slightly apart giving him a great view of her pussy.
When she came back she settled down again, we had brought some food and drink so we had our lunch on the beach, I noticed a few more women were now topless and enjoyed the view but none of them went as far as Helen.
After our picnic Helen lay back down for some more sunning and started to rub lotion on herself, when she got to her pussy she was rubbing and pressing against her lips. She slid a finger along her slit opening herself up and then used a circular motion on her clit which was now fully exposed and sticking up. A few minutes of this was enough to have her groaning and with a sharp little cry she tensed up as she came.
"Wow," I said "I can't believe you just masturbated on a public beach!"
"I don't believe it either," she replied "but I was feeling so turned on being the only one naked on this beach."
"Good job I took a few pictures to prove it or no one would ever believe us!" I told her.
"You're not going to show them to anyone...are you?" she said wistfully.
I hadn't intended to but since she was almost asking me to, I decided to have a think about who I could show them to and would be discrete about it.
A few hours later we packed up and got ready to leave,
"I don't want to wear clothes ever again!" Helen stated.
"Well that might not be possible but you can try!" I replied.
With that we set off back to the car, Helen was still naked and remained so for the whole journey home. It wasn't quite dark when we arrived home but she jumped out of the car still naked and walked up to the house door, I took my time walking up and fumbling for my keys before finally opening the door. I don't think anyone saw her but you never know, we dropped all our stuff in the hallway and practically ran upstairs to our bedroom. Helen was wet and desperate, I quickly undressed and slipped my rock hard cock deep into her wet pussy. I started short quick movements in and out and soon we were both gasping with pleasure, it wasn't long before I was squirting deep into her juicy cunt and she was clinging on and trying to pull me even deeper into her as she came.
We went back to that beach quite a few times that summer but I could tell that although Helen still enjoyed it a lot, she was still looking for something a bit more daring.
I decided to try and make things a little more exciting for Helen the next time we planned our beach trip. I had spoken to a few of our male friends and neighbours and told them what we had done, I even showed them a few pictures that I had taken and said if they wanted to join us for a few hours that Helen would love it. They all said they would try but I asked them not to all show up at the same time and just to come over as if it was a co-incidence that they were there.
After we had settled down on the beach and Helen was lying on her back naked and all oiled, our next door but one neighbour Dave showed up with a towel and cool box. He walked over to us and the first Helen knew was when he spoke, her face went red but she made no attempt to cover up and after a few seconds she finally said hello, she gave me an odd look but said no more as Pete joined us.
"I didn't know this was a nude beach." Dave said.
"It isn't," I replied "Helen just likes to show off when we're here."
"Fine by me," Dave said "I hope you don't mind me being here."
"Not at all," Helen finally spoke "I quite like being seen by someone who knows me, it feels nice and naughty."
I could see Helen was enjoying it as her nipples were like two bullets, then Mike came over and said hello. Helen looked really shocked and speechless but again she didn't try to cover up as he settled down. She gave me a look as if to say WTF but I just grinned and said nothing.
When James came over Helen definitely knew it was a fix and she had decided to go along with it, she stood up to say hello to him and gave the other two guys who were lying down a first class view of her pussy. Two more of our friends arrived soon after and we all settled down, Helen made no attempt to hide anything and it seemed to me that she was deliberately keeping her legs apart as much as possible. There were now five men as well as me, all trying to get a good look at Helen's body and she was loving it, even when she rolled over to tan her back she made sure her legs were open enough for everyone to see her wet slit which seemed to be opening slightly as her inner lips protruded and even her clit was on view.
Helen did her usual walk down to the water and back on her own twice that afternoon before we finally called it a day and went home for some truly explosive sex, she was incredibly turned on and kept thanking me for arranging it. I had enjoyed the day too and wondered what we could come up with next to feed her exhibitionism.