The final in this CFNM tale
Sorry it took so long to get back to this tale. Life and stuff gets in the way.
I was a nervous wreck by Saturday. Was Peggy really going to be back? Or was it just a tease? Strange at it seems I had enjoyed showing and performing for her. Being under her control had turned on a switch I didn't know I had. If Peggy failed to show up I would be disappointed or worse. More, if I wanted what she had given me how or where would I find another person with her abilities?
Thankfully at three pm the doorbell was ringing. I opened the door to see Peggy standing there all smiles. "Are you going let me in? This is great. I was afraid after the other day you might have moved to Alaska or some other dreadful place."
I stood back, "Yes please come in. I wasn't sure you'd really be here."
Then it hit me. Right behind Peggy and following her in was this little skinny girl. Why is this fifteen year old girl here? "Peggy...What is going on? I don't understand...What is going on? I thought that we...I...we...would do..."
"Oh we will Hank."
"No, not with this little girl here we won't. Do you realize how perverted that would be? They'd throw us in jail."
"Hank, calm down, this is my niece, Marty. She may be tiny but I can promise you she is all grown up. In fact she is an A student at the U. Studying aerospace technology. Next year she is off to Alabama for an internship and if all goes as planned back in a year to work on her masters."
Peggy paused for a moment. Then, "Sadly she is lacking in any knowledge of the human body. More specifically the male body and that's why she's here with us. She also has no idea on how to control a man. I promised her that you would make us a great lunch and after we or more so she could see some interesting items."
"Isn't that what the internet is for, for young people to see and learn?"
"You silly man, she can't look closely at or touch a screen, especially since we have a willing subject that will let her do those things. Now why don't you fix us lunch? Then we could look into the real reason we're here."
She turned to Marty, "You do still want to do this don't you? We don't have to do it if you've changed your mind."
"Are you kidding? You promised me a real live penis. Drag me all the way across town. Then think I'm going to change my mind. You said he'd jerk, I mean, masturbate for me."
Marty looked at me, "I'm really looking forward to this. My parents are so conservative and afraid to even mention the word sex. I don't understand how I even got born. I found art books with some pages torn out because I think there might have been nude photos. So, ya, I'm on board with this. I've never even been on a real date what with my folks and studying all the time. In fact we could skip the lunch and get to the good stuff."
Peggy laughed, "No. Lunch first. Anticipation is half the fun. Marty if you would be so kind."
Me, I'm just here to serve and please I guess. I hadn't remembered her threat to bring a guest and as a result lunch was a little skimpy but we made do. In fact Marty hardly ate anything. She spent most of the meal watching me with a hint of a smile on her face.
As I was picking up the dirty dishes Peggy suggested, more told me, "Hank why don't you take off your shirt? You've got a good body, why hide it under that baggy thing?"
"I wouldn't object if you did the same."
"Silly man, you know that isn't how this works don't you?"
I finished clearing the table and loaded the dishwasher topless, with the two of them watching me. I be lying if I said I wasn't get a bit of a thrill from it.
Peggy stood as I started the dishwasher, "It's about time Hank. I swear it seemed to take forever. Are you getting cold feet? Changing your mind? I think not, I think you want this as much as we do. Don't you?"
When she turned and headed into the living room I followed like a puppy and Marty was right behind me. I did not have shoes on. "I think the socks first. Would you agree Marty?"
Her eyes were big and she quickly nodded yes. I sat on the edge of the easy chair and took them off. Then I waited and waited and waited. Those two sat side by side on the couch looking at me. "Well I think it's time. Why not stand up and drop those jeans? Do it kind of slow. We want Marty to get the whole experience don't we?"
Completely under her control just like last time I stood and started to undo my belt. "No, stop."
Thinking it wasn't going to happen I was relieved and disappointed at the same time. I was ok with Peggy but a little unsure about Marty. Honor student in collage or not she looked like a little kid.
"I think it would be neat if we let Marty do the unveiling. What do you think Hank? You want this pretty girl do drop your jeans for you? Wouldn't that be fun? How about it Marty? You want to strip him? You know him all naked? Let it all hang out."
Marty sat way back on the couch, "No...Uh un. No. I'll just watch."
"Ok, well you heard her Hank. Drop those jeans. I hope you're wearing one of your pouches. I'd be real disappointed if you're not."
As my pants hit the floor Marty was peeking through her fingers at me. I stepped out of them and felt my cock bouncing in its pouch. Peggy giggled and Marty squealed. I was so hard it almost hurt.
"That's my man. You look just like I remember. What'd think Marty? Isn't that something?"
I heard a mumbled unintelligent response.
"What did you say darling? You want the side view? You heard her Hank a quarter turn please. Yes thank you, just like that."
Marty was back on the edge of the couch, staring with those big eyes.
"See those nuts Marty. They're sperm machines. Looking for an egg, you have to be careful around them. Thank god for the pill or we'd be up to your necks in babies."
I stood there waiting, I knew it was coming. "Ok, how about you give us the rear view. I want Marty to see how the string disappears between your cheeks. Maybe spread your legs a bit and then bend over and touch your toes."
As I did she reached out and pulled the string aside. "Cute isn't it? All brown and wrinkly and some guys like us to play with it. What do you think Marty? Tell me Hank; are you one of those guys? Do you like it when someone fingers you back there? Have you ever been pegged?"
I didn't answer for fear what might happen if I did. "Ok big fella, stand up and let us see that big bulge again."
As I turned Marty had a look, "Auntie...Could I...Kind of...You know...Touch it? Just a little touch maybe."
"Oh I'm sure that'd be ok, right Hank? You don't mind if Marty gives you a little touch do you? I'm sure he wouldn't object. Just go ahead, over the cloth. Be gentle."
It was like a feather was touching me. Softly it moved along the shaft. Just for a moment till she dropped her hand and moved away. She had the weirdest look on her face. Fear, satisfaction or wonderment, I couldn't decide.
"Neat isn't it? How about we see the rest? Or maybe you want to feel his nuts. We could have him turn sideways again and just reach into the opening and use a fingertip. Here let me show you how."
Peggy was slightly rubbing one of my nuts and it was driving me crazy. When Marty did it I almost cried out with pleasure.
Peggy pulled Marty's hand back. "Better stop. I think he's reaching a point that might cause an eruption and that'd spoil our fun."
"Eruption...What are you talking...Oh, an eruption. Like when he...Oh my goodness, do you think that could happen?"
"Well, men are strange creatures. Sometimes the littlest touch and like a bomb; off they go, making a big mess."
Peggy sat back on the couch, "Let's relax for a minute. Let things cool down a little. There's still more to see and do. Hank why don't you go and get us a glass of water? Or wine if you have it?"
As I was in the kitchen I could heat Marty, "This is so cool. Thank you for bringing me. When do I get to see his penis? I bet it's really big isn't it? The way his undies push out like that. Can I touch it? When it's all out and exposed? Are you going to make him masturbate like you said he did the other time? I'd like to see that. I bet it's real neat. When will you make him take off his undies? Soon I hope. I'm getting all tingly."
As I returned with two glasses of wine Peggy asked why I didn't have one and please get one and have a seat and relax like they were. When I returned they had moved apart on the couch and Peggy was patting the spot between them. Taking the hint I sat down.
One of Peggy's hands was resting on my thigh. "See what I'm doing Marty? Men like it when we touch them like this. Why don't you touch his other leg? Yes like that. Feel good Hank?"
Nothing happened for a minute as we sipped our wine, then, "I like to run my hands up and down their leg, like this. Kind of softly, up and down just feeling the hair on the leg as you rub over it. Not too far up though, don't want to touch that bulge, it might cause a problem. Yes like that, from the knee till just about here."
They were killing me. In my head I'm saying, 'Let's do this. Please. I'm ready. Whatever you want, I need help.'
"Hank, I'd like another glass of wine. Would you be a sweetie and get me one more? Thank you so much."
Damn it. Should I just wipe it out and jerk off? It was getting unbearable and I was hurting. I needed relief and I needed it soon. From the living room Peggy was saying, "I think it's time. What do you think? Would you like to take control? I think he's ready to surrender just to get the relief he needs. Want to try?"
I didn't hear her answer, maybe she didn't say anything or it was softly. But she was ready when I walked back in with Peggy's wine.
Marty was standing in front of the couch. "Hank, I'd like you to turn sideways again. We want another look at the way it all bulges out and your nuts are exposed. Thank you. Now back facing us again. I think it's time you show us the rest. Well show me anyway. Auntie's seen it all before hasn't she? I love it by the way the way it cradles your penis. You pulled the pouch down and let my aunt watch as you masturbated didn't you? Now I want you to do it for me. Do it very slowly. I want to see it emerging inch by inch. You do have inches don't you? Auntie told me you have lots of inches. She wasn't lying to me was she?"
I reached for the band with both hands.
"No wait." She turned to Peggy, "Would it be alright if I took it off him? I want to do that. My first real live penis and I get to uncover it. Please, may I?"
"Will I can't see why not. Hank is willing, aren't you Hank? It's ok if Marty slides your pouch ever so slowly down your legs isn't it? Letting you big hard cock pop out and stand up strong and tall and letting my favorite niece see her first live throbbing cock."
I knew she was teasing me. Dragging it all out, building the tension even higher. When Peggy nodded her head yes Marty dropped on her knees. Her hands reached up and took ahold of the waist bands. But nothing happened. She let go and sat back on the floor.
"I can't do it. You tell him to do it Aunt Peggy."
"No...You do it or tell him to do it. You have to learn to take control. Either way or we'll just leave and he can satisfy his need by himself. Your choice, I'm not helping. I've seen him jerk off one before; this was for your education.
Something clicked; I could see it in her eyes and the set of her lips. "Take em down."
I felt a little control of my own taking place. Very slowly I started too slid then down. All of my pubic hair was exposed, than an inch of the shaft. Another inch was showing, then a third. Suddenly she was back on her knees, "Stop. No more. Leave it like that. I want to look at just what is exposed and do this." A finger was running through my hair and across what was showing.
"I like this. He feels so hard but the skin is so soft. Like a babies skin. Why is the hair so short?"
Peggy was laughing, "Tell her Hank. Why is that hair so short? You can share. Tell my niece about it."
"I trim it."
"Now tell her why."
This was way more than I expected. I felt I was blushing all the way down my body. "Cause I think I look larger that way."
"Come on more."
"My penis looks larger when I trim down there."
Both of them were laughing, Peggy a big hardy laugh and Marty giggling. "Ok Marty, time is wasting. We have that appointment remember. Let's get this show on the road. Pull em down, so you can see the whole wonderful cock of Hanks."
In a split second I was free and bouncing. Marty had fallen back with her hands up to her face and covering her mouth. I could hear her, "Oh...Oh...Oh...Oh...My goodness. Will you look at that? Oh...Hank...I can see your penis. It's so big, I can't believe it."
In a second she had recovered. The dominate side of her took over. Her hand wrapped around the shaft and held me firmly.
"Move your hand."
"What did you say Auntie?"
"Move your hand. Keep ahold and move your hand, back and forth. Jerk him off. Make him come. You can do it. He's close, all it'll take is just a little bit and he'll come for you. Stroke that cock...Yes like that keep going."
I was on the edge, "Tell her Hank. Tell her when you're going to come. I want her to see every shot, every pulse and every dribble."
"I can feel it Auntie. I can feel it happening. Here it is."
The relief was so complete. I could hardly stand. My knees were weak and shaking. I looked down, Marty had a splotch next to her nose and it was running down to the edge of her lips. Unknowingly she licked at it. Then a finger wiped at the rest and she put it in her mouth.
Then she must have realized what she had just done. "Oh my god auntie, I just put some in my mouth. Oh, ugh."
"Don't panic, it's not the end of the world. When you get a steady boy you'll make him so happy when you taste him. Men love it when they can come in our mouths and if you learn to swallow they'll love it even more. Trust me on this."
By now I was sitting in the easy chair with my wilted penis hanging between my legs. Peggy was on her feet and helping Marty to stand. "We have to run Hank. Thank you so much for the lunch and the entertainment. Marty has learned so much and will be all the better for it."
Suddenly she knelt and sucked my sorry member into her mouth, gave me a few good sucks and a swirl of her tongue. Pulled back and stood back up, "Yummy, you do taste good Hank. Thank you again. We'll let ourselves out if that's ok. You may not want to come to the door in that condition."
In a moment the door slammed and they were gone. I never heard or saw Peggy again. Like the Lone Ranger she disappeared from the scene. The manager said she had moved out several weeks earlier and no he was instructed to not revel where she was now living.
Many years later I think I saw a flash of Marty on a celebration at a NASA facility when a mission was being completed. Someone was patting her on the back and men were lining up to shake her hand.
The end for sure.
That is the end of this tale. I hope it meets with your approval.