Amber had been looking forwards for a long to today for a long while. It was her day off work in a while. She had decided to take a trip out of town into the countryside. It was the middle of a heatwave and the summer weather was gorgeous. She knew of the perfect spot to go and relax in the sun with peace and quiet. Wanting to spoil herself she had dressed in her favourite lingerie, a black lacy set that always made her feel sexy. She slid on the light summer dress and admired herself in the mirror for a minute. Her gorgeous eyes seemed to smile as she looked at herself. Just over five foot, with gorgeous curves that she knew guys appreciated she thought the bra and dress made her impressive cleavage look even better.
It didn't take her long to get to her favourite spot and she made her way along the path. There was a light breeze that made her dress move and the sun was warm, making her feel good. She put her bag down and opened it, taking out the blanket she laid it on the ground. She took out her drink and the fruit she had brought to eat and settled down to relax. It had been so long since she had a chance to relax. She lay back and soaked up the sun, just then her phone pinged - it was a message from her favourite author - he had just finished a new naughty story. Smiling to herself she opened the email and began reading - this one was a really hot one.
She began to feel herself getting more and more aroused as she read it through - coincidently it was about someone playing outside in the summer sun and she felt her fingers slide down to press through her press against her mound. She could feel how damp she was getting. With a nervous look around she slowly slid her dress up a little bit and teased her pussy through the thin material of her lacy panties. It didn't take long until her fingers slid under the elastic and found her clit teasing it slowly just how she loved. She moaned softly as she read the story and played with herself.
She could feel her orgasm approaching as her fingers skilfully tweaked her clit; she was right on the edge as she heard someone clear their throat. Her eyes flew up and met those of the tall dark haired stranger stood leaning on a wall watching her and stroking himself through his pants. As she met his eyes and saw the lust in them she came - hard. Her legs shot out straightening as she exploded under his greedy eyes. She hadn't had an orgasm this intense in a while and knew it was partly to do with him stood there obviously enjoying the view.
As she slowly came down from that orgasm she realised she was still unconsciously teasing herself as he watched.
"Can I join you?" Came his quiet and confident voice.
She smiled and nodded as he came over and knelt on the blanket next to her. As he leaned in to kiss her his fingers slid over the top of hers, taking over the teasing of her pussy as his mouth met hers. She moaned into his mouth as she felt his finger slowly open her up and slide inside. He clearly knew what he was doing as within minutes he had her fully aroused again. That was when he slowly slid the straps off her shoulders exposing her gorgeous breasts encased in the lacy bra.
She felt his free hand reach to her bra and sliding the straps down he slid her breasts out of the bra, leaning down to capture the nipple in her mouth. He gently bit and sucked on it - teasing it with his tongue and teeth as she whimpered under his touch - she was desperately close to cuming again. As he repeated this with her other breast she felt his fingers tip her over the edge again and she exploded. She came hard - half naked and exposed in the summer sun, his finger on her clit and his mouth teasing her nipples to the point where she came hard.
Relaxing, she felt herself flop onto the blanket, eyes closed as she basked in the afterglow of her orgasm. She heard his zip go and felt her panties being pulled down her legs - he lifted her ass showing herself willing and as they slid down she felt his tongue slide between her pussy lips. She gasped and reached down, her fingers sliding into his hair as she ground his face into her pussy. She was so horny now, she felt him lifting her legs onto his shoulders and looked up to see him position himself between her legs. Gripping him tightly she felt his thick shaft slowly begin to split her open, her pussy spreading as she took him deep inside her.
Quietly groaning as he filled her she couldn't believe how full she felt with him inside her. With her ankles on his shoulders she felt him pinning her down and starting to slowly fuck her. She couldn't believe how good it felt - it had been too long since she had felt a nice hard cock inside her. She grabbed his shoulders as she felt him set up a steady pace fucking her hard and deep. His cock thrust in and out of her as she felt herself ready to orgasm again.
"Harder..." She whispered but he heard her.
He reached down grabbing her nipples and twisting them as he fucked her harder and faster, his cock pounding her as she came hard, her pussy squeezing his cock. He pulled out of her and dropped her legs, rolled her over; he pulled her up onto her knees. Once she was on all fours she felt him roughly enter her from behind. His fingers gripped her hips tightly and she felt them digging in as he quickly fucked her hard. She couldn't believe this - she was outside, in public, getting the fucking of her life from this mysterious stranger as he slammed his thick, hard cock in and out of her over and over.
She could tell how close he was to cuming and pushed back against him. She needed this so badly, it had been too long. She could feel another orgasm building; this one was going to be her biggest one yet. Overcome by feelings she dropped her head down to the blanket. The shift in position got him that little bit deeper and hitting the perfect point inside. Shrieking out her orgasm she came hard as she came and tightened around him, feeling his cock pulse the cum flooded out of him. She felt every throb and pulse of his cock as the cum pumped deep inside her.
Breathing heavily he slowly pulled out and let her slide down onto the blanket. He slid his arms around her letting her cuddle into him as they lay recovering in the sun. She hadn't had sex that good in a long while and they lay enjoying the warm and afterglow of the mind-blowing orgasms.