A year on from the first time I shared my girlfriend Becky with an old guy named Burt, and two months after sharing her with a random stranger in a field, we were back on the Spanish island of Mallorca, this time visiting the infamous resort called Magaluf.
We were twenty-three, soaking up the night life and party atmosphere for a week. There was a famous nightclub called BCM, which hosted an infamous foam party. Having never been to a foam party before, Becky and I thought it would be fun to check it out.
I wore a pair of shorts and a polo shirt, that I didn't mind getting ruined, and Becky wore a black skirt and halter top. My beautiful girlfriend is 5'7" with shoulder length brown hair, matching brown eyes, a lovely, slender figure, and a cracking pair of DD tits.
We spent the first hour drinking shit alcohol. It was an all you can drink themed night, so the amount of alcohol the bar staff put in your drink varied with each round. It did the trick though, and we still managed to get drunk.
Then the MC announced the foam party was about to begin. Becky and I remained on the side, looking down on the dance floor. We wanted to see how chaotic it was going to be before going in ourselves, because hanging from the ceiling was several huge foam canons.
Everyone was drunk and excited, then there was a big countdown with a dance track helping build the anticipation. When the foam finally began to spew, it was one of the craziest things I'd ever witnessed at a nightclub. It literally overwhelmed the dance floor and anyone daft enough to be under those huge canons.
It was also highly amusing, and no doubt a grope fest for the guys and girls buried amongst the foam. The canons spewed for a couple of minutes before they stopped to allow the madness to continue in relative safety.
When the foam gradually died down to around waist height, the canons did their worst again. People coming off the dance floor were literally soaked right through to the skin, with one or two gasping for air.
The thought of Becky getting groped in the foam suddenly aroused me. The normal thing to do would have been to keep her out of there, or at least go with her and grope her myself, but I'm a guy who likes to watch his woman with other men.
Becky laughed when I dared her to go in alone. She knew what I was thinking as I smirked my words. My girlfriend warned me with a mischievous grin, that she could not be held responsible for what might happen on the darkened dance floor amongst all that soapy foam.
I kissed her and told her I'd be watching. If anything looked to be getting out of hand, I'd rush in and save her. Becky also agreed to raise her right hand high in the air if she lost sight of me and felt she needed saving.
My heart was beating ten to the dozen as I watched her carefully walk down the steps, leading onto the dance floor. She looked up in my direction and giggled, before she ventured a little deeper into the foam, waist height, and started dancing in tune to the music. I had encouraged her, released her to the wolves.
Most people were simply jumping up and down, laughing, waving their arms through the foam. A few people were kissing, maybe couples, maybe not. Then there were the sly fuckers prowling the dance floor, searching for any unsuspecting females to grope.
For Becky and me, they came in the way of two Caucasian males. I called them Dan and Marcus for no particular reason. I never learnt their names, neither did Becky.
While she danced in the foam, looking in my direction, I tried to alert her to the two topless, foamy, young men approaching her with sinister grins on their faces. But she didn't cotton on until Dan appeared directly in front of her and Marcus sneaked up behind her, sandwiching my busty girlfriend between them.
Becky looked around, laughing. It looked like she was trying to get away, but Dan held her arms while he leaned in and spoke to her. I was ready to move in myself, then the three of them started laughing together, so I held off and put myself on high readiness alert.
Becky couldn't look at me for more than a second, she was too concentrated on the two guys, and rightly so. I was nervous and excited, thinking with my cock instead of my brain. Becky later told me that Marcus had his hands up her skirt, groping her buttocks while Dan was asking her for a kiss.
My girlfriend also confessed that she didn't fight them off right away because she knew I was watching, but then my voyeurism and her exhibitionism aided in allowing Dan and Marcus to break her down. She told them she was in Magaluf with her friends.
This fuelled the gropers lust and Becky's own arousal. And because she showed no signs of protesting, Dan and Marcus saw it as a green light to see how far she'd let them go with her body.
Meanwhile, I stood there drinking a pint as two strangers molested my girlfriend at a foam party. I couldn't see anything below the waist, and even above the waist, foam clung to their bodies.
Then Dan managed to get his tongue inside Becky's mouth. I assumed he had his hands on or around her waist, but I could see her hands on his shoulders, and I could definitely see Marcus was grinning with his shoulders and upper arms moving.
I was correct in believing at the time that Marcus was groping my girlfriend's peachy arse. But when she allowed Dan to kiss her, Marcus slipped his hand between her legs and inside her thong. When she began to moan into the kiss with her eyes closed, Dan grabbed hold of her tits and groped them through the halter top.
My cock was rock solid, and my heart was in my mouth. I reckoned other people could see the horny trio, but unless you looked close enough, they didn't exactly stand out like a sore thumb. It felt like it was just the four of us in the club. The noises around me faded into the background.
Then the canons fired up again, forcing Becky and Dan to part from each other as foam fell down on top of them, obscuring everybody from view again. It caused me to panic. I moved right up against the rail, waiting for them to reappear. It was a few moments of intense anxiousness.
When the foam stopped falling and the level dropped a few inches, Becky reappeared, laughing with Dan and Marcus. I was gobsmacked. She was facing Marcus with her big tits out. The halter top was still around her neck, but her tits were exposed, and Dan was groping them from behind.
She was then spun around to face Dan. He grabbed her with a smile and shoved his tongue down her throat again. They appeared to be having a good time. Becky was unfazed, kissing one stranger while the other took his turn to feel her tits.
More self-inflicted angst was then heaped upon me, when Becky broke away from the kiss and held onto Dan. Her eyes were closed and her facial expression was one close to an orgasm. Marcus was still groping her exposed mounds of flesh and Dan looked to be busy with a hand in the foam.
Despite the angst and fear, I almost came in my pants watching my girlfriend getting fingered and groped with her tits out in a packed nightclub. I doubted she was the only one partaking in such debauchery, but she was my girlfriend and I had encouraged it. I couldn't even take out my cock and jerk off. It was erotic torture at its finest.
Needless to say, Dan soon had Becky writhing on his hand in orgasm while Marcus assaulted her tits, squeezing them together, pulling and tweaking her nipples. Becky clearly wanted no more after she came to her senses. The guys tried to drag her deeper into the foam, preventing her from putting her breasts away.
I ran toward the steps, but Becky had managed to break free and make herself look decent. A bouncer had also clocked what was going on, so Dan and Marcus let go of my girlfriend and quickly vanished into the foam. A few people laughed while a few others gave us stinking looks, but I ignored them all as I put an arm around Becky and led her away from the dance floor.
I expected her to hate me, have a go at me, but instead, she cracked up laughing and dragged me out of BCM, telling me we were going to the beach to finish off what Dan and Marcus had started. They made her cum and now she wanted my cock.
The beach in Magaluf can be a very dangerous place at night. The bars were closed and the lighting was dismal at best. As we walked, me bone dry and Becky soaking wet in more ways than one, I offered her my polo shirt.
"What for? I'm not too cold and we'll be naked anyway," she laughed, drunk, then ran towards a pile of highly stacked sun loungers.
I chased after her, cautiously scanning the dark beach for any persons who might be up to no good. I didn't see anyone, so I quietly removed the top sun lounger and placed it down on the sand in front of the huge pile as cover.
"Fuck!" I gasped. Becky had removed her wet halter top, skirt, thong and slipped off her flat shoes. She then sprawled herself out on the sun lounger, giggling at me to join her.
"Eat me out, Joe," she said, cupping and caressing her big juicy melons.
Fuck it, I thought. We were both drunk, horny and on holiday. I wanted to ask her about her experience on the dance floor, but there was no time, and I was still anxious about being on the beach at night. I got down on my knees, on the sand, and pried my girlfriend's legs wider apart.
Becky's pussy was dripping wet and sticky, her folds had already peeled open. She had a cute landing strip at the time, and I went to work on her juicy cunt. She moaned on the sun lounger, bucking her hips as soon as I concentrated my tongue on her clit and slipped two firm fingers inside of her. I wasn't surprised by how fast and hard she climaxed.
Into it myself now, with my girlfriend's sex juice all around my mouth, I pulled my shorts and boxers down and climbed onto the sun lounger with her. I'm only average but it satisfies Becky. I guided it between her legs and rubbed the head along her heavenly slit, lubricating my cock before I pushed inside and began to fuck her like a mad man.
"Oh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me harder, Joe!" she cried out under the moonlight. "Uh... Uh... Yes! Yes!"
While we fucked, two young lads must have heard us and came over to investigate, because when Becky climaxed, they quietly stepped out from behind the pile of sun loungers, rubbing their cocks through their shorts. They didn't look much older than eighteen, giggling like a couple of schoolboys whilst watching us intently.
"Do you wanna stop?" I whispered to Becky as I continued to fuck her. I was too close to emptying my balls, happy to carry on.
"Let them watch," she moaned, looking at the two boys. Their presence heightened our arousal.
"Are you a couple or just two horny tourists like us?" The lad who asked appeared athletic with dark, spiked hair. His companion also had dark hair, but he was tall and thin, lanky.
I chuckled and looked into Becky's eyes as I answered. "She is my girlfriend. Do you want a go on her?" It was a risky thing to suggest, dangerous, but Becky laughed. If she hadn't, I would have probably ended up fighting the two lads and deservedly got my head kicked in.
"Are you serious?" Spikey gasped. Before shooting my load, I climbed off Becky and the sun lounger to show the two lads how serious I was.
"Can we join in?" Lanky asked Becky, cautious incase he was being lured into a rape situation.
"Yes, it's fine," Becky smirked at the two lads, excited and naked on the sun lounger.
"Alriiiiight!" Spikey cheered, pulling his shorts down and climbing on the sun lounger between my obliging girlfriend's open legs. His cock was average, like mine.
"Oh fuck, she's soaking!" As Spikey sank himself balls deep inside Becky, Lanky pulled his shorts down and stood at the side of her head. His cock was long and hard. He guided it to her mouth and demanded she open up and start sucking.
When she did, without hesitation, he groaned and grabbed her big tits, groping them harshly. Yet again, for a third time in our relationship, I was watching another guy fuck Becky, only this time he had an accomplice fucking her face at the same time. I watched, slowly stroking my shaft, as two drunk lads drove their cocks in and out of my girlfriend at both ends.
She was loving every second of it, moaning around Lanky's length as she stroked and sucked him into her mouth. Spikey was grunting, telling the world how hot and wet her pussy was. I knew he wouldn't last long, and I doubted he cared if Becky came or not. He reminded me of myself when I was eighteen.
"Oh man, I can't believe you share your bird! Can I nut inside her?" Spikey was close. He knocked Lanky's hands away and grabbed her tits. "I love her big tits! Can I nut inside her?"
"No!" I said, as Becky was too busy slurping hungrily on Lanky's big cock to answer for herself.
"Yes!" she exclaimed, quickly overriding me before Lanky pushed his length down her throat again.
"Ohhhh! Fuck! Which is it?" Spikey began to lose control. He was fucking Becky hard, tensing up. I said nothing and chuckled at him being unable to pull out. If that's what my girlfriend wanted, then it was what I wanted. "Ohhh, man, I'm gonna nut inside her! Her pussy is too good! Uhhhhh!"
"Yes! Give it to me!" Becky urged. Spikey was already giving it to her. He was breathing hard too, ramming my girlfriend as hard and as fast as he could. She was willing him on, urging him to cum inside her, close to an orgasm herself.
"Ohhh, fuck! She's gripping my cock!" I witnessed Spikey grunt and heave about six or seven times between Becky's legs. His balls bouncing off her arse as he dumped his load deep inside her cunt "Anyone for sloppy seconds?" Spikey pulled out, gasping, as he climbed off the sun lounger and stumbled backwards on the dark, sandy beach.
"Yeah, me!" Lanky laughed. He rushed to the other end of the sun lounger and told Becky to shift her arse towards the edge. He was pulling her legs as he instructed her.
"Are you ok?" I asked Becky as I stepped towards her head with my cock in my hand.
"Yeah," she breathed, brushing her hair out of her face. She then reached for my cock. I crouched down so she could suck on it.
"She's ok, she fucking loving it! Look at her!" Lanky said, putting my girlfriend's legs on his shoulders and sinking his long cock deep inside her soiled pussy.
"Where are you guys from?" Spikey asked, pulling up his shorts. Becky was noshing on my cock while his friend started fucking her with, long, deep strokes.
I couldn't stay fully hard. It was weird taking candidly with Spikey in that situation, plus Becky was struggling to keep me in her mouth because Lanky was giving it to her so hard. I moved away and let them fuck like animals on the sun lounger, looking around incase more people found us.
"Ohhhh, fuck me, she's tight!" Lanky grunted, smashing my girlfriend while he grabbed and squeezed her tits.
"She's taking that cock nice and deep!" Spikey chuckled. "Is she really your girlfriend, bro?"
"Yes! Yes!" Becky screamed. "Don't stop! I'm going to come!"
"Yeah, baby! Let's come together in front of your boyfriend!" Lanky rasped.
"Uhhhh! Fuck! You're so deep!" Becky whined, grabbing his long, skinny arms, unable to do much more than hold on and take a hard fucking on the beach.
"Have you done this kind of shit before?" Spikey grinned at me, his hand was down the front of his shorts again.
I nodded, confused by my feelings. I thought I needed counselling in the middle of what was happening. Spikey was fucking with my head, not intentionally. It was like watching my girlfriend in a live porno, but with him killing my buzz behind the scenes with his chit-chat.
Becky was also heavily into it. This time felt very different to the other occasions I'd shared her. It was if she was on the beach with only Lanky. I kind of froze, confused. This time felt like it was for her instead of us.
"Uh, fuck, man!" Lanky gasped. "I wanna cum in her and all over her! Which do you prefer, baby!"
"I want it inside me!" Becky demanded. "I want it deep inside me!"
"Uhhh! Horny bitch! Here it comes, just for you!" Lanky pounded my girlfriend as hard as he could.
I watched both their faces in climax as they came together. I felt I couldn't get off myself with Spikey cheering them on beside me. While Lanky grunted and gritted his teeth, Becky groaned from deep within herself, as her pussy took a second wave of sperm.
"Your turn, mate!" Spikey chuckled, slapping me on the back.
"Nah, you're alright," I chuckled as Lanky stood up and put his cock away.
"Thanks for sharing your bird with us," he said, looking down at my satisfied girlfriend. "She was amazing."
Becky giggled at the compliment before she finally peeled herself off the sun lounger and put her cold, wet clothes back on. The two lads shook my hand then walked off sniggering, asking each other if it really happened.
I asked Becky if she was ok, then walked her back to the hotel with a comforting arm around her. She was fine, just cold and wet on the outside and warm and soggy between her legs.
Once we were back in our hotel room, I became forlorn while Becky took a sobering shower. When she came out, we lightly discussed what happened, leading me to kissing and fingering her sopping cunt on the bed.
Inside, she was still hot and sticky. I pushed her back on the bed, flat on her back, naked, and quickly removed my clothes. I needed to fuck my girlfriend and dump my load deep inside her.
Becky giggled, excited. Teasing me by asking if I thought she was a naughty girl taking three cocks in one night. As I plunged my cock through her swollen folds and into the warmth of her used cunt, I told her she was a slut, my slut.
I couldn't fuck her hard and fast, because she was whispering the most erotic pillow talk I'd ever heard. She told me how Marcus and Dan molested her in the foam, groped her tits and fingered her pussy. She loved it with me watching, she confessed.
Becky then went on to tell me how hot and dirty she felt on the beach, letting two strangers fuck her like she meant nothing. She thought Spikey was the better looking of the two, but Lanky had the best cock and fucked her good.
Listening to her laboured breathing as she relived her experience, I suddenly grunted and let loose, emptying my balls a couple of hours after almost emptying inside her on the beach. We then rested on the bed, panting and laughing up at the ceiling.
After reassuring each other about our feelings towards what we'd done, I sensed our bond grew stronger. We had no plan for where we were going with our promiscuous behaviour, but we agreed we needed some boundaries to protect ourselves from ourselves.
"Babe..." Becky smiled at me.
"Yes?" I grinned, knowing that look and tone.
"What do you think about dogging?" she giggled.
I chuckled. "I think its hot. Why do you ask? Do you wanna try it?"
"Maybe..." she smirked.