John Flemming took a long pull at his beer and watched the lazy curl of smoke from his Marlboro Lite drift up towards the stained ceiling. The bar was quiet at this early hour of the evening – conducive to talking – which was exactly why he and his brother Joe chose this time for their weekly drink together.
"So, are you still concerned about him?" Joe asked as he sat opposite.
Joe was a few inches shorter than his older brother and stockier. His habitual wearing of short-sleeved T-shirts displayed the thick sinewy muscles in his arms and tufts of greying hair peeked from below his neck.
"Sorry?" John replied. For a moment he had been caught up in the pleasures that the Marlboro had provided. Since meeting and wedding his wife, Mona, his apartment had become a smoke-free zone.
"Your step-son, Colin. Are you still worried about him?"
It was not as if John had forgotten the last conversation that he had had with his brother a week ago at the very same bar table. There seemed no solution to the lad's dilemma then and he suspected that that wasn't going to change much this evening.
"Ah, I think he's just going to have to look after himself. No point in me getting stressed up about it."
"But still," Joe continued, "eighteen years old and still not been laid? It's a little odd don't you think? And it's not as if he's bad looking or anything."
"Like I said, Joe, not really my problem. He's Mona's boy. I guess he will sort things out eventually. Same again?"
Joe drained his half empty glass in one swallow and nodded at his brother. He could tell that John didn't seem that keen on continuing last week's discussion but Joe had given it some thought – a lot of thought, in fact – and he had a suggestion to make.
"I think we need to set him up with someone." Joe said as soon as his brother returned with the refills.
John laughed. "Yes, but who? We don't know and girls of his age – mores the pity!"
"I wasn't thinking so much about teenage girls." Joe's face looked completely serious to John and it made him pay just that little bit more attention. "I was thinking about a more mature woman."
Again John laughed. "Sounds good but I can't afford a hooker tonight!"
"What about Lynne?"
For a moment John didn't think that he had heard his brother correctly. He stared at Joe's face looking for signs of a wind-up. There was none.
"Lynne? What the hell are you talking about? She's his aunt for fucks sake!"
"Not really. He's your step-son. Theres no real connection."
John sat in silence for a moment. Joe's wife had a reputation for sure – everyone knew about it including Joe. And she was an extremely attractive woman – fantasizing over her curvaceous body had fuelled more than one lonely masturbation session – but to set her up with Colin seemed almost unthinkable – almost, but not completely. Suddenly John found himself actually considering the prospect.
"But she's your wife, Joe." He suddenly said trying to drag his mind back to reality. "I know she likes it a little more than most but..."
"I know, I know. She's my wife. So what of it? She's already fucked half of my friends."
"Only half?" John asked with a salacious grin.
"She's sucked off the other half! Look, John, I think this could actually be good for Colin. Give him a bit of an education, you know? Plus I've always wanted to watch her fuck a younger guy!"
"You want to WATCH?" John asked incredulously.
"Come on, bro. Haven't you ever dreamed about watching Lynne fuck?"
There was no honest answer that John felt he could give his brother and simply nodded silently.
Joe felt he was on the home straight. John was nearly convinced. "Go on, give the lad a call and tell him we want to see him at my place in an hour. What do you say?"
John quietly followed his brother through the unlocked back door of his house and into the kitchen. Fuelled by a couple of large shots of Jack Daniels he could feel his head swimming slightly and almost tripped on a raffia door-mat with the word "welcome" stencilled into it.
"Shush, bro," Joe hissed, "we don't want to let them know we're here, do we?"
John could hear voices from the lounge room and knew that his step-son, Colin was already present. He had not told the lad the real reason for asking him over but, even if he had done so, he guessed that Colin would still have sped directly to Joe's house – he had seen the lustful way in which the eighteen year old had looked at Lynne on many occasions.
The double doors leading to the sitting room were slightly ajar, not only allowing Colin and Lynne's laughing voices to drift out, but also allowing the brothers to peer in without being observed.
Being a warm, balmy evening, John had not really been expecting Lynne to be wearing very much but, as he peeked through to door, he caught his breath at the sight of her in a skimpy bikini top. Although she had obviously thrown on a pair of slacks to answer the door to Colin, the pants were very tight and showed off the contours of her thighs and buttocks to perfection. John glanced over at his brother. Joe's upper lip showed signs of perspiration and beads of sweat also dappled his forehead. He was clearly very aroused.
John looked back into the room. Colin was seated on the sofa and, oddly, showing none of his usual signs of painful shyness. Lynne was seated next to him and the couple were laughing together happily.
As John looked on, Lynne moved closer to Colin on the sofa. He had expected to see the lad shy away from her - the woman's reputation as an insatiable nymphomaniac was well founded – but Colin remained composed; if anything, John realised, he had moved a little closer to her.
"What about Joe and John?" John heard his step-son whisper. "I think they wanted to talk to me about something."
"Do you want to talk to them or have me?", was Lynne's reply. John could see the wide grin that spread over her face and was being rapidly reproduced on Colin's as well.
"What do you think?" Colin mumbled as he moved in and the two kissed deeply.
Colin and Lynne's bodies melded together as their hands began to explore. By glancing sideways, John could see that Joe was already sporting a good sized bulge in the front of his jeans and his hand was pressing against it urgently.
"Fuck, this is hot." Joe whispered quietly. "Nothing beats watching your wife with another guy, especially one as fit-looking as Colin."
John realised that he too was developing quite an erection beneath his pants and knew that, as soon as Lynne's large, firm breasts were revealed – which he guessed they inevitably would be – the blood to his cock would be pounding even harder.
Lynne smiled seductively and, as if reading John's mind, slowly reached behind her to unclasp her bikini top. With a flick of her wrist the catch popped and she shrugged her shoulders forward allowing the tiny garment to slip from her upper body.
For a moment, John's breath caught in his throat. Her tits were fantastic. He had known they would be, of course, the bikini top did little to hide the swelling curves or the deep valley of cleavage, but now they were revealed in all their hard-nippled glory and John could feel his erection hardening further.
"Touch them for me, honey." Lynne whispered a little breathlessly.
Colin reached across Lynne's firm, tanned body and cupped a breast in his hand. The nipple seemed to dance as he – somewhat expertly, John thought – flicked his finger over the tight bud and a small sigh of satisfaction escaped Lynne's painted lips.
"I hope he sucks 'em!" Joe whispered again. "Lynne fucking loves to have her tits sucked."
It was John's turn now to be worried about how much noise they were making. The door was only a few meters away from where Colin and Lynne were making out and, even with the incessant hum of the air-conditioning unit obscuring their voices, they would have to keep very quiet. That was of course if they wanted the display they were watching to continue – and John did. Right at that moment he wanted that very, very much.
Much to Joe's obvious satisfaction, his wife was now pushing her firm, round tits towards Colin's mouth. For his part, the shy 18 year old didn't seem to be too shy anymore and greedily sucked first one nipple into his mouth and then the other. Lynne's cries of lust could now be easily heard as they echoed around the large room and John watched with fascinated awe as the older woman pushed her hand down the front of her slacks and started furiously rubbing herself.
"Damn, I think she's going to cum soon!" Joe hissed from the other side of the doorway. "I hope you're as hard as I fucking am!"
John indicated to the front of his pants that that was indeed the case and saw Joe smile wickedly.
"Let's pull our cocks out," Joe continued, "Those two are way too busy to notice!"
For a second John hesitated. It would be many years since he had jerked off with his brother and he wasn't sure about this at all. But one look back through the door to a topless Lynne helping Colin to quickly undress was enough to convince him.
Both Joe's and John's zippers dropped almost simultaneously and both hauled out throbbing erections.
"Mmmmm. That feels better." Joe sighed as he stroked himself slowly. His eyes hardly ever seemed to stray from the door.
John had to admit that his cock felt in need of some serious attention. He would have preferred it to be from the woman who was currently removing Colin's underwear but, if that were not possible then his hand would certainly suffice. Caressing himself slowly he trained his eyes back through the door.
Having divested Colin of all his clothes, the young man now sat naked on the sofa, his legs spread well apart and a turgid looking hard-on projecting menacingly from his groin. Lynne kneeled in front of him and bent forward to grasp his shaft. John fleetingly wondered how many other men had been satisfied by his brothers wife in this way – the answer, as he and Joe well knew, was many.
The two brothers heard Colin's unmistakable groans of lust as Lynne lowered her head, opened her mouth and took the hard throbbing head of Colin's prick between her lips. John felt his own cock jerk in his hand and knew he wanted to cum. It was as if he and Joe were back in their adolescent years and watching some illicit porn movie. But he knew well that this time it was much, much more. This time his brother's wife was the star of the show.
Lynne's sucking, greedy mouth seemed to devour Colin's stiff member – quite an accomplishment, John thought, as he was by no means a small young man. Colin's cries and moans of lust were increasing in pitch as his hips began to buck up off the sofa in an attempt to bury himself deeper into Lynne's mouth and throat. She was humming - they could both hear it – and the louder the humming became, the more Colin jerked and bucked. It was clear to both John and his brother that, if Lynne continued in this fashion, Colin was going to unload way too soon for her.
"I think it's time I got naked too, don't you honey?"
This time as John heard Lynne's voice it seemed throatier, more seductive somehow. And then the words finally sank into his brain. His brothers hot, slutty wife, the wife that had been fucked more times than anyone could remember, the wife that John had lusted after for years, was about to remove all her clothes. The thought alone was almost too much for John and he had to close his eyes and squeeze the head of his penis to hold himself back.
When John reopened his eyes a few seconds later he almost gasped out loud. Lynne stood, still in her strappy sandals but nothing else – as if posing in the centre of the room. She turned slowly giving a hard-breathing Colin an all-round view of her voluptuous body and therefore sharing that view with Joe and John. Her breasts sat high and proud on her chest, the nipples still hard and blood-engorged from their previous attention. Her whole body was deeply tanned. High instep feet and well turned, slim ankles led to slender, muscular legs. Her pussy was clean shaven and without any trace of tan lines. Why would there be, John reasoned? Lynne's clothes were off more than they were on!
Wordlessly, Lynne sashayed her way over to where Colin was still seated on the sofa and massaging a very hard cock. She kneeled over him again, this time throwing a slim, tapered leg over his lap and gripping the base of his cock firmly. She lowered herself down slowly and guided him straight into her wet snatch.
As Lynne began to writhe and buck on Colin's cock John looked back over at his brother. Joe was in a clearly agitated state and quite obviously not far from cumming. John felt he was close to but his attention was quickly dragged back to the sitting room by Colin's cry of lust. The young man was bucking up and down, pulling ferociously on Lynne's tits and quite obviously shooting his load deep inside her vagina.
"I've got to cum too!" Joe suddenly announced. His voice was no longer a whisper and to John's alarm he realised that both Colin and Lynne would now be aware of their presence.
But Joe didn't seem to care. He had already vacated his secreted position behind the door and, with erection extended in front of him, was striding into the room. John was uncertain of what to do. This was totally unexpected behaviour and he wasn't sure of how anybody would now react. But his throbbing erection had a hold of his brain. He needed to cum and, as Lynne had already disengaged herself from a spent and, strangely, not too surprised Colin, he decided to follow his brother's example.
"So, what have we here?" Lynne said as soon as she saw the two men enter the room. "More cock for me?"
"You better believe it baby!" Joe cried as his cum started, prematurely, to pump from the head of his cock and splash onto the thick pile of the carpet.
Lynne looked all too petulant, her lips turning into a sullen pout. She was clearly disappointed at this waste of male seed. Her eyes then turned to John.
"I hope you can do a little better than that?" She cooed with a frown.
John was past caring now. He looked down at the beautiful wife of his brother kneeling on the floor with her legs spread wide. Her pussy lips were open and a trickle of Colin's sperm meandered out through the slit.
John stood over her and gritted his teeth. His cum was already boiling and, as Lynne looked up and extended her tongue to run along the underside of his balls, he let fly.
Lynne's hand grasped his convulsing penis and started to rub him quicker and quicker. John's hips bucked as more and more of his thick, sticky issue erupted from the tip of his cock and coated her upturned face.
As John and Joe lay panting on the floor, their wilting cocks coiled lazily between their legs.
"How do you feel now, Colin?" Joe asked with a salacious grin, "pleased to have got yourself on the scoreboard so to speak?"
Joe and John both looked at him as he tucked his long, thick member back into designer jeans, awaiting their thanks. But Colin simply smiled back.
"I think you may have misunderstood me, guys," he said levelly, "my "score" may be a bit higher than you think!"
The two brother looked from each other and then at a smiling, cum-covered Lynne.
"You mean.....?" Joe started.
"Same time again next week Mrs. Flemming? Colin laughed. "I'm just off next door to see your sister now, okay?"
John watched Lynne nod her agreement with a wicked grin. He had assumed that only one slut lived on the block – now there was clearly another!