"Morning Carlos."
Piper Cherry and Josie McKellen walked into the Principal's office together. Sitting at his desk Carl Manley sat his pen down on his desk and slouched back exploring their beauty. Josie in particular took the lead this time and sat on his desk's edge to the left of his lap. Piper not wanting to be out shadowed sat to his right. Feet instantly rise up and shoes removed he finds two stunning sets of toenails right over his dick.
"What do you bitches want now?"
"Bitches?" Piper winced, "I guess we are. Talk to my better half over there I just wanted a foot rub."
Taking her foot in his hands Carl actually offered kindness and did just that. She melted instantly. "KRYPTONITE! Dammit!" He saw her pussy up her skirt as if there was no dress there to hide it. Par for the intercourse! COURSE!!
"Over here Boss." Josie tilted his gaze her direction with a toe guiding his chin toward her. "I need a favor. Has Roman been in touch with you over his broken window?"
"He called me last night. I told him I'd look into it this morning. I'm only five minutes ahead of you two. Why?"
"Erase what your cameras find. Tell him the camera shut off or something."
"Any particular reason why?"
"Protecting...my investment." She played coy.
"Do tell." Piper wanted to know herself. Her bestie wasn't talking much about her antics of late, "Reese?"
"No, not Reese. Someone else. Can't a girl have a few secrets? You do." A tongue flipped her off.
"I do?"
"Detention?" Josie frowned.
"We should talk about this later Pussycat." She teased Carl by using her other toes to tickle his ear. "Earplug." He merely swatted her toes aside like an annoying undone fly.
"As if I don't know...you bitches are naïve. I told you both to have your fun. You know you can level with me. What have I got to do to make my point that I've got your asses covered no matter what you do?"
"I don't know..."Piper posed a fingertip at the corner of her mouth while wincing at Josie. Josie increased her toes taunting over his slightly stimulated erection. Both of the women were rather startled that he wasn't brushing them off like usual. What had gotten into Carl? "Maybe...show us why you want us to be so slutty?"
"My secret." He persisted. Eying his opened doorway he stared at students passing by. Still quite early before classes some students liked being there long before hand to either get their procrastinated homework done last minute or to flirt with others. Pausing Josie and Piper he uses their kneecaps to hoist himself from his seat. "Sit tight."
"Does he truly think we're tight?" Josie giggled. Piper smirked at her bestie with a glint as if saying, "Right!" Peering over their shoulders they saw Carl go to his door and close it, going so far as to lock it and close the blinds. Once done he returned to his seat and took Josie's foot reapplying it to his crotch. She puckered at his compliance. "Carl Manley? This is so unlike you. Not once since I've known you have you done more than flirt and walk away. Why the sudden...change in persona?"
"No change, just tired of you two thinking I'm just a voyeur. While I'll never fuck around on my wife that doesn't mean I won't...get handsy. I just haven't felt the need to go in that direction."
"Until now?" Piper looked with curiosity, "Does the Drill Sargent want to bark orders?"
"Those days are over. I'm still the Lord of the manor regardless. This morning I'm going to show both of you sluts that I'm in your court." He specifically winked at Josie, she in turn knew that he was aware of her basketball court antics somehow. Of course he was, she had simply forgotten his cellphone call from the hallway. Josie wasn't sure how much exactly he knew with no cameras in the gym until Saturday. Maybe the cameras caught her activity with Reese in her 1st. period class. She knew there was manipulation in some manner on even Carl's way of thinking. He was Horton-Dexter's star Point Guard, Reese that is, but in a sense so was Carl Manley in being a guardian pointer. She concluded now was not the time to question him.
"What's your goal here Fearless Leader?" Piper just had to know.
"To show you two who wields the iron fist around here." He guides their knees away from his center desk drawer long enough to open it and reach in for something unexpected. Bringing forth a bottle of clear lube he shut the drawer and showed it to them. "NOT A WORD!" He growled and insisted they remain silent.
Easing their knees back where they were he first took off his wedding band and pocketed it then began lubing up his hands. They had a clue he wasn't going to use those hands on his dick seeing as it was locked away tightly in his slacks. That could only mean one thing, eying one another the ladies held each others hands and laid back more on his desk like book ends. They were both anxious to see if he would go through with what they presumed he might. Once satisfied both of his hands were slick enough he reached out toward both Piper and Josie and rolled his slick fingers over their clits. "SKIRTS HIGHER!" Both of them tugged their dresses clean up to their waists. Without acknowledging his thoughts on just how gorgeous both of their cunts were he dug and twisted fingers up inside their pussies. Hearing them moan slightly only brought on his anger, "I SAID NOT A WORD. NOT A MUMBLE, NOT A MOAN. HOLD YOUR FUCKING BREATHS."
Eyes bulging at his directness the ladies dug their tangled fingers into one another tighter and grit their teeth. Two fingers at first to warm them up he dug deep inside them. Eyes watching his face exploring his emotions they trembled with both excitement and wonder. Was he really doing this? Three fingers now, he worked on both pussies with equal talent. Eyelashes were fluttering at how wonderful his fingers felt sinking in deeper and deeper, twisting and turning. After two minutes of three fingers he added a fourth. From that point on they just knew what his goal was. Collapsing back on his desk flat both Piper and Josie dangle their heads over the edge facing the door. A shadow loitered under the doorway, as well as the silhouette of Coach Roman Crandell through the doors glass, even with the venetian blinds closed. They could see him but he could not see them. Josie felt relieved, at the moment as much as she adored Roman she didn't want to see him, let alone get in her morning session inside his own office. This new experience was more that satisfying.
As a thumb toyed with the temptation to join its brothers, both women fought hard to even conceal a whimper. This was the first time ever letting any man attempt this, and the sisterly bond between Josie and Piper were uniting to comfort one another. Neither objected to Carl's intrusion, they loved this new Carl 2.0 enough to see it, and his thumbs through.
"IRON FISTS!" Carl growled the second Roman abandoned his doorway. Thumbs forcing inside at an uncomfortable insertion Piper dropped her jaw and let her eyes retreat into her skull. Shaking hard at his push forward, Josie followed Piper into Ecstasyville, her own eyes white and possessed. Twisting, turning, pushing, Carl made his penetrations count, wrist deep both of his hands disappeared into widened sopping wet holes. Thankfully his hands weren't huge, but hardly tiny. Regardless he had them where he wanted them. "LOOK AT MY HANDS."
Trying to control their emotions both women found the strength to rise up and blurringly examine first his expression then his sunken anchors. They wanted to gasp at just the feeling of rising up with their pussies so full. Their own expressions of blown minds seemed hesitant to be shown, confusion, joy, horniness, all at once. As he noted their eyes capturing his embedded control they shook like leaves at the sight of a leaf blower. As soon as they got a good look he uncurled his fingers inside them and wiggled them about. The sensations of five wild serpents within each of them they went into an array of convulsions. Not once did Piper and Josie's hand unlock, they took this ride together.
"RUB THOSE FUCKING CLITS." He snarled, Carl the Snarl was in the house.
Free hands joining in at his order the girls began massaging their clits vigorously. In minutes both women were reaching a peak where remaining silent was impossible. Still he growled, "NOT A PEEP!" His ferocity made them miserable trying to contain themselves but they did. "CUM ON MY WRISTS! DO IT!" Spasms lively both Piper and Josie had an orgasm each. Within Piper's thoughts though erratic she spoke, "FUCK ME!" It was in her nature to expel at least to herself. Josie? "I love my job."
Waiting until their writhing limbs regained sanity Carl maintained his stance, fists buried. "LOOK AT ME!" They find the energy to do so but displayed an appearance of exhaustion. "HAVE I MADE MY POINT? Your futures here are in my capable hands. These hands keep you both safe. Do what your urges want you to do from now onward. Just be aware of your surroundings at all times. Age can kill careers, if you both don't watch yourselves. While I own these cunts for another few minutes, I'm feeling generous. Ask me one favor each, wait...Josie's already asked hers. I'll delete that video of Roman's broken window. That just leaves you Cheerleader."
Piper pants fanning her face as she eyes his wrist bordering her stretched labia, "Damn Carlos! Can I be your wristwatch every morning?"
"Not the favor I'll agree to. Try again."
"I'm not selfish, consider the dress code removal two days a week instead of one?"
"Wednesdays, and Friday's. No more than twice a week. Love your dresses by the way. Now I have a favor. You've been working on Mimi Alexander. Get her as open as you two. I wanna fist her here soon too."
"Wow!" Josie whistled lowly, "Can I request another favor too? Seeing as you love your Teaching staff."
"Fine! What?" He winced.
"Kim Zellers, a young Korean girl who moved over from Marquette. Her sister Jin wants to work here. Physical Ed. With Ruth retiring perhaps look into her qualifications?"
"I trust your instincts, you brought me Cherry here. I'll ask Kim for her number and give her a call. You whores ready to dismount?" He warns them just as he pulls his hands out in a web of sloppiness. Once pulled free both women gasp.
"FUCK ME!" That verse was verbal, Piper huffed at the abandonment.
Standing up between both women Carl makes one last move by lifting his wet hands up to encompass both of their necks lightly choking them. With a warm smile he adds, "Beef up your games. Show me what you can really do out there."
"Ohhh! That's opening up a whole lot of cans Carlos." Piper grinned.
"Free the worms then..." His wink led Piper to understand he knew of her first day of Detention. Something not even Josie knew yet, well, aware of mischief just not what it entailed.
"On it Chief."
"Go to work Ladies. Bells about to sound."
"These belles didn't ring. We followed orders Sarge." Josie hopped from his desk and kissed him on the cheek then wiped away her lipstick. Piper joining the peck game licked his cheek instead.
"Just call us Belle Bottoms." A fan of their skirts crescent mooning him the ladies took their leave, Piper abandoning her purse and shoes behind for another barefoot prowl of the halls. The women would hug just outside and dare one another to amp up their teasing. Right in front of students Piper kissed Josie on the lips passionately. Students dropped their jaws at the unexpected union. Giggling Josie headed upstairs. Looking around her Piper greeted the onlookers with, "What? Never seen besties make out before? She asked my opinion on her lip gloss." Speaking of gloss her throat was still shiny from her pussy juices.
Guys and girls began kissing in her honor. Some were spontaneous, never even talking to one another before that moment. A lot of hearts were swirling with invisible crowns. Strange how matchmaking with very little effort panned out.
********
Down the hallway at a distance safely unseen, Dakota McKellen stood at her locker rummaging for nothing in particular, she was just buying time to see if Angus might approach her. Her mind racing at having kissed Mace Belmont in front of people she knew very well someone would tell Angus, especially Robin his ex...semi ex-girlfriend, she was prepared to be either jilted or at the very least questioned. It didn't take long.
"Hey Beautiful." That wasn't Angus, it was a very familiar female voice. Peering over her shoulder Dakota found Robin Banks. She must have ran inside because she was just out in the driveway to see her and Mace.
"Hi Robin."
"Everyone is chasing Piper's nephew. You too it looks like."
"The cheerleaders?"
"He fucked Tina Wiles yesterday afternoon at Piper's home."
"W-what? He did?" Dakota felt her heart sink, while not truly wanting Mace she did find him an intriguing alternative. Then, it dawned on her that her sister Sable did think she saw Tina leaving their housing division. It had to be true.
"She said he was incredible. You know Tina, the skank goes after what she sets her eyes on."
"Mace and I are just...friends."
"That kiss didn't look just friendly, although his eyes did bulge. First kiss with him?"
"Yeah!" Dakota blushed, "He's really cool. Do you think Angus will be mad at me for that?"
"Hell no. Come on he let me...nip at ya." She winked reaching up to Dakota's unbuttoned shirt and noting a bra this time. "Decide this was safer?"
"I guess."
"I freaked you out didn't I? I guess I owe you an..." Before Robin could finish her sentence Dakota moved in just as swiftly as she had Mace and kissed Robin on the lips. A lingering kiss at that. Guys and girls in the hallway stopped cold in their tracks.
One boy chuckled, "Looks like the McKellen's are all bi-sexual."
Hearing him Dakota peels from Robin's lower lip and looks strangely at the boy, "What does that mean?"
"Your mom just kissed Counsellor Cherry. They set off a chain that must have made it's way to you two."
"My...mom...kissed Piper?"
"Hot!" He fanned his hand almost queerly, while nodding with a goofy grin.
"Go away Chet." Robin pushed him to leave then stormed Dakota pressing her against the locker next to hers. Caught off guard Dakota endured another steamy two minutes as Robin began pelting her throat as Angus had done yesterday. Lost to the world Dakota moaned uncaring what anyone thought. With her eyes sealed she hadn't noticed her onlookers increase, including her best friends Andrea Beckett and Sandy Martin. Watching with concern the friends shrugged at one another then kissed each other, it was just fun and games. Once Dakota found reality she saw her besties making out and whimpered.
"Stop! Robin...please stop." Dakota suddenly felt ill. Things were moving way too fast for her. A quick kiss such as Mace was easy enough, being feverishly kissed on was another, especially by a girl. Having had so little experience she felt overwhelmed just as she had yesterday with Robin and Angus both. As Robin stepped back with a hint of sadness in her eyes Dakota caught her breath then eased forward to bust up Sandy and Andrea, they were actually getting into it. "Guys...don't!"
"We were just being stupid." Sandy chuckled then paused, "Weren't we?"
"Yeah...yeah...stupid us." Andrea looked put on the spot.
Buttoning her shirt up Dakota closed her locker and picked up her book bag. Robin began to walk off but just before she did Dakota stopped her, grabbing her arm, "I-I'm not mad." Letting her go Dakota turned and headed to her first class. Andrea and Sandy gave Robin a thumbs up of support. Neither really knew why, Robin had always looked down on them in the past. For once Robin smiled at the girls and stopped Andrea.
"I heard you were going to join the cheerleaders in our new shirts at the game tomorrow." Robin seemed giddy, "Isn't Piper outrageous?"
"I'll give it a shot." Andi shrugged one shoulder, then the other, "If nothing else to support Sable."
"Sable's coming back? The other night she caved."
"Changed her mind. Said something about Mace was going to be there."
"Piper's sexy hot stud of a nephew?" Robin bulged her eyes, "That might not go over well, after Dakota just kissing him outside, Angus could get jealous and pick a fight." She was being contradictory over her earlier statement to Dakota about how Angus would take it.
"Wait!" Sandy spoke up, "Dakota kissed Mace? Whoaaa! Why didn't she tell us?"
"Bet she didn't tell you Angus and I both kissed her yesterday did she?"
"NOOOO!" Andrea dropped her jaw, "That wench."
"Don't be hard on my girl." Robin smirked, "She's new to the game."
"Game?" Sandy looked puzzled.
"Just saying, new to any kind of love life." Robin pondered a moment then added, "Well, accept what Piper and Josie started. Did you notice everyone kissing someone?"
"Yeaaaah!" Andi winced looking back down the hallway to see more kissing bandits.
"You should just grab a guy and lay one on them. Let's get a real game going." Robin looked about and found the most unlikely candidate in Chet her earlier interruption at his locker. Rushing up to him she grabbed him and kissed him hard on the lips. Definitely not her first choice but this was random. Seeing Chet nearly panic at her conquest, Sandy eyed Andrea. Another shrug later and both girls picked out boys and just let it all hang out so to speak. Once lips parted, both had dates for the football game. Who knew even Robin Banks could be a matchmaker? Unintentional mind you, but she did realize that by getting Dakota's besties sidetracked would leave her all alone with no one to talk to going forward. Evil worked in mysterious ways.
Dates would get cancelled after thinking about it. Ewww!
********
Shortly after Piper Cherry's kiss with Josie she hurried to the Teacher's lounge, her favorite morning tease fest was about to begin. Today she found her man Roger Dundee, Dewey her favorite pet werewolf, and Wood Shop teacher Damon Rice seated at the lone coffee break table sipping coffee and talking alone. The second Piper entered all eyes went directly to her body.
"HEY! I do have beautiful eyes too." She placed her hands on her hips then proceeded to do a runway walk like a supermodel. Directly over to Roger she stepped behind him as her soft hand caressed his cheek. Lowering to place her chin on his shoulder she whispered, "Did I say eyes or thighs?"
"Morning sunshine." Roger grinned as she nuzzled his earlobe, her nails reaching around him to unbutton his shirt slightly then tease his chest hair above the wife beater tank under his main shirt.
"Two more days, you can ravish this body behind you."
"I could do that now and you wouldn't resist." He chuckled, "But, yeah I'm looking forward to you in a bikini out on the river."
"I do rock a floss bikini." She giggled and winked at Dewey and Damon, before chattering her perfect teeth. "Maybe I'll wear my crossbones bikini and you can run it up the flag pole tomorrow."
"Sounds like a plan Me Hearty." He joked in his best buccaneer voice. "Johnny Depp eat your heart out."
"Or, just eat me out. I'm much better looking that that lying wench Amber. So I've Heard!"
Dewey laughed mocking the former Ms. Depp as if flipping his long hair. Not that he didn't picture Amber in a pirate bikini himself. He was an Aqua Velva Man back in his youth.
"Cute!" Piper grinned at Dewey, "I just had a brilliant idea. Roger? We both know our date is going to be fabulous, why don't we meet Dewey and Mimi, Josie and...either Roman or her husband, even Damon here for drinks tomorrow night? I mean we've already planned a double date in the future, Saturday night IS the future."
"Uhhh?" Dewey poised a finger, "About Mimi...I think her and Kevin..."
"Kevin can join us too. You and Kev can share Mimi."
"Or..." A voice intruded as Mimi Alexander entered wearing a shorter dress than yesterday. All eyes were...not on her eyes either. "...I can invite my friend LeAnne and she and I can share Dewey and Kevin."
"Ooooo! I like your style Squeaky." Piper maintained her chin on Roger's shoulder, "You alright with my idea Jolly Roger?"
"Sure! As long as I get the better part of the day with you Gorgeous."
"Absolutely! You know I'm staying the night on that boat."
"I didn't...do now." He laughed.
"I just have to get through the football game tomorrow night. Speaking of...Squeaky...you're coming to the game and wearing a new cheerleader uniform. If you can call it a uniform." She giggled, "Doesn't hide much."
"Oh dear!" Mimi blushed easing over to Dewey and attempting to do just as Piper was doing with Roger. Laying her chin on Dewey's shoulder his eyes rolled back and he howled like a wolf. Mimi smiled and snickered with her mousy tone. "Fuzzy man." She meant funny man. His beard just inspired her mistake.
"I LOVE YOU!" Piper pointed at Mimi who winced and pointed back reciting the same, "I love you!"
Damon Rice sighed heavily playing table tennis glances, "I love both you bitches."
"Do you have a date Damon?" Mimi asked.
"My girl Patrice is bringing me lunch, I'll tell her we're partying with you folks."
"I'll stop by Wood Shop later." Piper chimed in, "If I time it right you can introduce me to Patrice."
"Good! You can take over my class while Patrice and I hole up in my office." He laughed.
"All that wood...ooooo! Momma like." She winked playfully. "Oh! Rogey?" Piper teased his hair line.
"I know that tone. What do you want?" He shook his head.
"Detention duty for me considering I have the football game tomorrow night?"
"I had a hunch. Walk with me to class? Bell's about to fire off."
"So is this Belle." She licked his ear then stood up quickly, her tits dancing about over his scalp for Dewey and Damon to see. Even Mimi got wet watching them. Seeing Mimi stand up mimicking Piper, her much smaller tits barely jiggling with no bra, she pointed, "She has tits too boys." Dewey and Damon both turned to face Mimi and grin.
"Why yes she does. Fine titties at that." Dewey chuckled.
"Damn fine!" Damon added rubbing his chin. Mimi blushed but playfully giggled just the same.
Roger stood up and extended a hooked elbow for Piper to join him on his journey. Accepting his chivalry she let him lead her out into the hall. As she followed along her free hand tugged her dress skirt up in back showing Damon, Dewey, and Mimi her perfect ass. At the doorway she dropped it. Mimi alone now with Dewey and Damon chose to shyly peck both men on the cheek then step toward the door. Before exiting she too lifted her skirt to reveal no panties. Another Belle showing her bottom. Ding! Ding! DINGALING!
"What's got into that young lady?" Damon had never known Mimi Alexander to be so brazen. Dresses used to be taboo.
"I dunno but I do know one thing...I wanna be into her."
"You cool with Kevin?"
"Right now I don't care. Awooooo!"
"Right with ya Jack. Awooooo!"
********
On the way to Roger's class Piper looked up at her much taller suiter, "You wanted to say something?"
"Just...mulling over what you're all about."
"Meaning my teasing?"
"Oh, hell! I'm fine with that." He laughed, "I'm hoping our date isn't a one time..."
"Booty call?" Boys everywhere were drooling over every step she took. Hearing her booty call comment perked them up even more supercharging their grins and bulging eyes.
"That too."
"I'm certainly not opposed to dating. Anything too serious, I might pause. Not push away...just slow you down. I...haven't been divorced all that long Sexy Man. I need to...enjoy life...find new challenges...we can talk about that during our after ten orgasm cuddles."
"Only ten?"
"I DARE YOU." She stuck her tongue out playfully.
"So...new challenges?"
"Yep! If you can keep up with my sex drive...which is just raising the bar after years of faithfulness...I see no reason for us to...avoid one another. I want to experience..."
"More men?"
"Honesty?"
"Of course, spit it out I'm not running."
"I recently had a gangbang...loved it." She recalled her Moving Company conquest alongside Josie McKellen.
"No shit!" He puckered, "You're one up on me."
"One woman kind of Science Teacher?"
"I've...dated a lot. Bedded even more." He winked. As they walked Roger let his eyes follow some school girls that he found cute, she wasn't sure if he was doing it on purpose or not. It didn't really matter. It was when some of the cheerleaders passed by saying hi to Piper that she noticed the tent in his slacks rising.
"There's that flag pole, and me with my crossbones bikini still hanging in my closet."
"You really have a crossbones bikini?"
"I do actually."
"Please wear it tomorrow."
"Aye Cap'n!"
"So...challenges...give me an example?"
"I think you know I'm quite the exhibitionist. Show me off Roger." She stared with crystalline eyes.
Knowing a set of four Senior boys were looking at them while coming their way, he leaned forward and lifted the front of her skirt to show them her pussy. Eyes bulged instantly, so did erections. She shivered with excitement then sighed, "Is that all you got?"
"My other hand has your arm, lift your skirt in back too." She did so, her dress was up to her waist for anyone looking. Whistles were heard. He hid his embarrassment, although he worried what others might think of him. As the day progressed he would get compliments for his reveal. Embarrassment would fade quickly.
"Nice kitty Miss Cherry." A boy grinned in passing.
"Good thing I trimmed my whiskers." She replied back giggling. Skirt dropped they continued on until they reached his classroom door. "Home sweet home, Cap'n Sly."
"Port of call girl?"
"Are you calling me a hooker?"
"Your arm is hooked around mine."
"Guess I am. Pay up." He just kissed her on the spot, palming her face until she melted. Students showed their ages with lots of, "Ooooo's!" Even a, "Get a Science Room" The worst of all, "Pinch her Bunsen burner." That one made them laugh.
"Dang Miss Cherry. First you kiss Mrs. M and now Roger? Can I get in line?" Another girl cackled.
"The line starts at Detention." He winked. It was at that moment Piper formed an ingenious plan.
"Thanks for covering me at 4:00 tomorrow." Meaning replacing her during Detention oversee, "I'll make it up to you this weekend."
"I know you will. You're walking my plank."
"Mmmm! Feeding me to the sharks?"
"Never know what I might do."
"Challenge me Cap'n." She bubbled.
"You challenge me. Jack my sparrow...condor." He chuckled making certain she knew he didn't have a tiny dick.
"Go teach Cap'n Nye Sailor Guy."
"Fuck you're hot."
"Fire in whichever hole you want."
"Christ! I'll come to the game tonight. I wanna see you cheer with the girls."
"In the raw raw raw?"
"Dare ya." Without another word she gripped his crotch and smiled. Holding firm for thirty seconds just to watch him squirm as students filed into his class she finally let him go. Slyly escaping him she wiggled away without looking back. "Challenge accepted."
Piper thought the same.
********
Under the bleachers in the gym...
"Fuck me Angus. Harder!!" That verse had been echoed two dozen times in the last ten minutes of hardcore upright pounding from behind. Cumming hard as one Angus Furlong pulled out of Tina Wiles. She palmed his cheek from behind then sighed, "Best ever Lover." Untrue of course, in her thoughts she spoke differently, "Not even close. Mace was so much better."
As the two got dressed and pulled it together they parted ways, looking at their cells. Angus opening earlier texts found one from Toby saying, "Dude! Dakota just kissed some guy in a big truck. I think it was the truck setting in Miss Cherry's driveway." Another from Robin adding the same incident report but telling him she was going to talk to Dakota and learn more, followed by an I love you.
"What the fuck?" He didn't know how to react.
Further away Tina got a similar note from Lily warning her of Dakota kissing Mace. It was followed by one from Octavia saying, "Bitch we're going to fuck Mace like you did. You coming Hag?"
"Noooo! I want him all to myself." She pouted then hissed typing back, "HELL YES I'M IN." Her ass still felt as if Angus had his cock in it. She wanted her bottom tagged more and Mace was her main course. "What's he see in Dakota McKellen?" She could say the same of both Mace, and Angus.
Belle's were ringing.
Are you glistening? Wait! That's not how it goes.
Listening came first. Glistening second!
Ring around the collar!