While she was waiting for Matt to appear at his window Kathy put on the red shelf bra and matching G-string. She sat on the end of her bed and rolled the black stay-up stockings with the wide lace tops up her long legs. She added black heels with an ankle strap that she loved. She stood and walked to the window but still Matt had yet to appear. Her excitement and anticipation had not diminished, if anything, being made to wait and spending that time making preparations was only increasing the desire.
She went through to the bathroom and added make-up that she hadn't intended to wear but when she applied the eye liner, shadow and lip gloss; she studied the overall effect and thought it was perfect for the wanton whore she could feel emerging from within. She strutted out to the window and again she found nothing. Returning to the bed Kathy studied the selection of sex toys she'd lined up on the doona cover that she'd taken hours to select but she couldn't care less about right now. There were two dildos, one significantly larger than the other, large enough that she would have trouble taking it but last week she'd inserted it deep as she trembled and moaned in an orgasm so intense she had trouble thinking straight for many minutes after. Beside the dildos was the vibrator she regularly made use of and then there was her new addition; a gleaming stainless steel butt plug with a jewelled end. Kathy had seen them in porn and thought they looked stunning. She hadn't used it yet but the bottle of lube she'd sat beside it today said all that needed to be said about her intentions.
There had been a level of excitement in making that purchase that indicated much about her new mindset. The other items in her sex toy collection had been purchased via a discreet online service but the plug had been bought in person in the sleazy adult store over on the edge of the industrial area on the other side of town. Driving past it on the way to work for the last couple of years she had never considered going in. Some of these places gave the impression that they would be friendly to anyone wanting to peruse some sexual items. This place did not convey that sort of impression and Kathy's visit confirmed her thoughts about the place. Jack's Adult World was not somewhere that Kathy the wife and mother would go. But it was far enough away from where she lived and worked to make her think she was assured relative anonymity, so Kathy the exhibitionist would and did.
Her hand trembled as she reached for the external door and walked along the narrow corridor lined with cheap laminate flooring that did little to muffle her footsteps. The walls held cabinets with displays of clothing and leather gear and Kathy gave momentary thought to strolling slowly, studying the items in the cabinets but she knew it would just be a stalling tactic and there really was no point to it. So she continued on the short journey to where the corridor delivered her to a wide shop area with wall displays around three sides of the room, two bays of shelving in the centre of the room and a glass counter on the left wall. There were five men in the room, all middle-aged or older and all eyes turned Kathy's way as she entered and this is where her new mentality came to the fore. No longer the timid housewife who would probably have turned on her heel and walked straight back out or tried to save face by walking slowly around the room feeling horribly uncomfortable before leaving without breaking stride. Now, she walked in like she should be there, like she wanted to be there and wanted the eyes of these men on her.
She stopped for a moment then started a circle of the displays, pausing to study items that caught her attention and when she came to a shelving bay that held a selection of plugs, she halted and took in each product, as if it was a supermarket and she was choosing a washing powder. Of course, the difference here was that it wasn't fellow mothers wandering the aisles, it was men with hands in pockets and shifty eyes.
Kathy reached and lifted a plastic-encased plug off the hook it hung from. She studied it then returned it to its place. As she did she heard heavy footsteps off to her left and turned her head in that direction. A heavyset dark-skinned man clumped down a corridor that Kathy hadn't initially noticed, the entry being little more than a gap between the shelves on that wall. A small neon sign above the doorway glowed in pink and simply said 'booths'. Kathy returned to her shopping and completed a full lap of the room. As she came around past the main counter the young man sat behind it lifted his head and gave Kathy a bored look. Kathy noticed there was some sort of textbook sitting open and then she looked at the display under the countertop. This was obviously considered premium merchandise and it was amongst this selection that she found her desired item. She bent and studied the options and as she did, she heard movement behind her on both her right and left. In the reflection of the glass she caught the reflection of three of the men, loitering around the shelving units behind her. She did not need to look behind to know they were not loitering there for the merchandise and she felt a tremor of thrill knowing they were watching her.
The young man stepped closer and asked quietly "Can I help?"
Kathy glanced at him "Yes. I'd like that plug with the jewelled end," said Kathy, pointing into the cabinet. There was no attempt to say it quietly, no sense of embarrassment, Kathy the exhibitionist was not shy. the purchase had been completed with sleazy men buzzing around as witnesses and it made her wet.
So now it sat before her, sparkling clean and ready for use if that's what was decided. And Kathy decided she would. She put some lube on the plug and rubbed some around her asshole. Reaching behind her as she took a deep breath she felt the cold steel as it pressed at her opening. With a little pressure it started to open her, She breathed slowly, deliberately and gradually pushed the plug in. There was a moment of pain but she did not stop and then suddenly the plug slid forward and popped into her. Kathy closed her eyes and allowed herself some time to become accustomed to the pressure and then after a few moments and a few more deep breaths Kathy stood upright and took the few steps across the room to the full length mirror. She turned and bent, twisting her head to look over her shoulder. She smiled as she saw the jewel, shifted her hips left and right to get the full view and then smiled fully.
Damn that looks good, she thought and fuck it feels good. She walked to the window but there was no sign of Matt "Fuck this!" she said out loud as she walked to the wardrobe, flung the door open and dug through her clothes until she found her shortest skirt, a black thing she'd bought on a whim but hadn't been game to wear. She stepped into it and hauled it up. it didn't cover her stocking tops, in fact, it barely covered her ass. She pulled a sheer black blouse from it's hanger and added it to the ensemble. It did not hide the nipples that were exposed in the shelf bra. Kathy looked in the mirror and said to the image "Perfectly slutty. If Matt didn't want to look today, well, I'll go and find someone who does."