It was early evening when Richard instructed Barbara to take a bubble bath, put on fresh makeup and a light perfume. As always, the clothing he wanted her to wear would be lying on the bed waiting for her. She said, "I understood we will be staying home tonight." Richard told her they were not going out, but he did have a surprise for her. She was unaware they were having a party and that she would be the principal entertainment.
The town house Richard has in Las Vegas is a time share. Two weeks every winter they enjoy this exciting town and get away from the cold and wind of Chicago. Using it the past five years they met many friends in the high-end complex and around the neighborhood. Most are from out of town and are as sexually uninhibited as Barbara and Richard. Tonight a few couples would be joining them for drinks and their own form of recreation.
Richard entered the bathroom to find Barbara almost asleep in the hot tub. "Wake up," he said, "It is time to get dressed." She washed her face and climbed out of the tub. Droplets of water glistened on the tanned skin and fell into small puddles of the floor. Barbara removed the towel from the warming rack beside the tub and wrapped it around herself.
Even after being together for almost seven years, Richard is still excited by her magnificent body. It is as gorgeous today as the day they met. Her waist is very narrow and her hips gracefully rounded. Her erect 34 inch breasts are firm with large, bright red nipples. Barbara said, "I will prepare myself and be out soon." Richard told her to get dressed and wait for him in the bedroom then left her alone.
It took her half an hour before she came into the bedroom for her clothing. On the bed were five black leather collars, each two inches wide with a gold clasp and five short golden spikes. She fastened one around each of her wrists, ankles and finally her neck. A mid-calf length red silk skirt with an elastic band completely around the waist lay on the bed. It lacked zipper or buttons. She stepped into it, pulling it up to her waist. When standing erect and motionless it appeared to be a typical full skirt. As she moved it opened wide. She discovered both sides were slit all the way to her hips.
The matching bright red blouse also appeared traditional until she slipped it onto her naked body. It consisted of four panels, two in front and two down her back. Each panel was hanging only from the high collar around her neck and a few stitches over her shoulders. The shoes were 4 inch spiked heels made of a matching red silk. As was normal for Barbara, there were no bra or panties.
Following Richard's instructions, she dressed and waited in the bedroom. It was nine p.m. before he returned for her. She was sitting in a chair and watching a DVD he had made of her having sex with two women. They were lying on a blanket in the sand at a Caribbean beach. A very thin woman with short blond hair was between her legs, running her tongue inside Barbara's thighs. From the cameras angle above and behind, the viewer could not be certain if this was a man or woman enjoying Barbara's pussy. A heavy woman was leaning over Barbara rubbing their tits together and trying to suck Barbara's tongue deep into her mouth.
Her rapid breathing and flushed face revealed how sexually aroused Barbara was watching the video, remembering that episode which happened two years earlier. Her hand was up under her skirt. Good, he thought. This will make things go easier tonight. "Come over to me," he said. She rose, turned off the DVD and TV and walked toward her waiting Master. The skirt and blouse split tantalizing open as she moved.
"Turn around," he directed. When her back turned to him, he reached around her and grabbed both of her tits. This startled Barbara who jumped and started to yell. She caught herself and remained silent with her hands held stiffly at her sides. She knew what would happen to her if she behaved in any unacceptable manner. Pushing him away or denying him any access to her body would result in very severe punishment.
Reaching under the loose panels of her blouse Richard clutched both tits. She held her shoulders back, thrusting her breasts out for his pleasure. This was the behavior he had taught her. Milking the large full breasts, his strong fingers slid down to the nipples. Grasping the now soft nipples between his thumb and forefinger he pinched them cruelly and asked, "Are you my woman?" Barbara clenched her fists, holding them at her sides. "Yes, Sir" she winced, more in discomfort than pain.
"May I do as I choose with your body? "
She said, "I am yours."
May I use your tits and your cunt?" he asked.
"I am yours to do with as you choose," she immediately replied.
"Perfect," Richard replied, releasing her breasts.
Reaching into his dresser drawer Richard retrieved a thin and very soft black leather hood. Walking behind Barbara again, he slipped it over her head. The front had a wide strap running across her face from ear to ear, and from her forehead down to her nose completely covering her eyes. Her beautiful black hair and both ears were uncovered by a large hole in the back. An opening in the front permitted her nose and mouth to be free, but another strap ran tightly under her chin and behind her neck. It fastened in back of her head with a snap hook and a small pad lock. A metal ring was securely attached in the hardy leather, above her forehead, near the top of her head.
Going back to her drawer he retrieved another "toy." This was a two inch wide leather belt with a few of his own modifications. Sliding the elastic band of the skirt down several inches onto her full 36 inch hips; he completely exposed her narrow 22 inch waist. Richard fastened the belt tightly around her. The buckle on the front was similar to most belts. The changes he made were on the sides. On both the left and right, six inch long straps were attached. He pulled her arms straight down and lashed her wrists cuffs to her belt with the straps. This restraint prevented Barbara from moving her arms or hands away from her sides. Now it was show time.
Taking her by the arm, Richard guided Barbara into the hallway. They slowly walked the twenty feet, through the dining room and into the living room. His beautiful Barbara was greeted by a resounding round of applause. Four couples were seated around the room, all smiling at the beautiful sight of slave Barbara being brought in for their enjoyment. There were two new people, a man and a woman, both wearing solid black, sitting on the central sofa, anxiously awaiting her arrival.
Richard guided her to the center of the room where he had prepared an anchor in the ceiling from which he had hung a rope. He tied a snap hook on one end of the rope and ran the other end through the ceiling fastener. He attached the hook to the metal ring on the top of Barbara's black leather hood and tightened it until she had to stand on her toes. He then backed it off so that she could stand comfortably if she did not move more than a step in any direction.
The man sitting on the sofa opened a bottle of fine wine and began pouring everyone a glass. "Let's toast the finest slave in Las Vegas," he offered. Everyone laughed and cheered, "Here, Here." Richard asked if anyone would like to sample her wares. Surprisingly they asked him to begin the show. Having expected someone else to take her, he had not planned any activity and would just have to wing it.
Barbara could hear everything going on and could even talk, although she thought it best to remain silent. She could not see anything or move her arms or hands away from her sides. Attached to a rope from the ceiling, the hood prevented movement of her head more than a few inches. The skirt and blouse completely covered her body with their full panels. Richard would soon display their hidden secrets to the appreciative audience.
Reaching for her, he slowly pulled the right front panel of her blouse away from her chest and wrapped it back over her left shoulder. Her right breast was completely exposed. Richard then raised the left front panel and put it back over her right shoulder. Now both tits were entirely open for viewing. The woman in black said, "Try these on her." She handed Richard a large pair of heavy chrome nipple clamps. They had hard rubber pads to grip the nipples.
Richard had never used nipple clamps on Barbara before because he knew how sensitive that part of her body was to pain. He handed them back to the woman and tried to explain, but she refused to listen. The other couples watching the show yelled for him to "hook her up." The woman said that if he didn't "have the balls" to do it, she would be happy to put them on Barbara. Richard decided rather than being perceived as a weak Master by his friends he had better use them.
Barbara pleaded softly to Richard, "Please do not put those on me." She added, "I'll do anything you ask, but please don't use nipple clamps on me." Both she and Richard knew that she would certainly do anything he asked. That would include submitting to his use of nipple clamps. Looking carefully at the clamps the woman handed Richard, he noticed that they were similar in shape and design to spring held wooden clothes pins. They were nearly the same size. Each had a string about an eighteen inches long attached. These strings gave him some ideas.
Turning Barbara around facing the couple on the couch, and standing behind her, Richard caressed both of her tits. As he gently cupped and rubbed them she kept begging him not to use the clips on her. He noticed that her nipples were rapidly becoming rigid and erect. Richard knew the idea of these devices of torture excited Barbara, despite the fear of the obvious pain. Lightly grasping the nipples between his thumbs and fore fingers, he gently twisted them in both directions.
Richard moved closer to her, pressing his body against Barbara's. He could feel his erection growing, moving into the crack of her ass. Barbara loved the feeling of him behind her, pressing against her rear. She arched her back, sticking her ass back toward Richard. Her blindfold allowed her to mentally see the picture she desired. They both began to move together when he remembered what he wanted to do that evening.
Winding her nipples like a watch, he felt them grow as hard as diamonds. Without allowing the clamp to touch her, he slid one over her left nipple and without letting Barbara know when he would do it, he let it snap down onto her. Barbara screamed out in pain and twisted her body as much as the hood would allow. Stepping back, he shared her stimulating movements, gyrations and screaming with the smiling couple in black and the others watching.
As Barbara calmed down and her movements slowed, Richard picked up the second clamp. Silently, he moved in front of her. Carefully avoiding touching her, he slid the clamp over her right, fully erect nipple. When it snapped down on her, she again shrieked and twisted trying to free herself of the clasps firmly grasping her responsive nipples. Both clamps were perfectly attached, secured to the entire nipple with a small tip of pink flesh extending from the devices of torment.
Sitting back on the sofa, Richard and the couple in black watched Barbara squirm and moan. She twisted her body in a vain attempted to remove the clips biting into her nipples. The leather strings tied to the clamps were swinging wildly. Everyone cheered and applauded as Barbara yelled and swayed against the pull of her hood.
The woman who had handed Richard the clamps rose from the sofa and approached his sex slave. She was nearly six foot tall and had a beautiful body. The tight black sweater and matching spandex leotards outlined every curve of her shapely form. Towering over Barbara, even with Barbara on her four inch heels, she smiled and examined the bouncing breasts.
Richard started to get up but the man's hand grabbed his arm and pulled him back onto the sofa. He whispered that the tall woman was a Dominatrix named Alexia with whom he had been living for nearly a year. He was William, her, friend, lover and sometimes her sex toy. Alexia was originally from Los Angeles and loved brief affairs with both women and men. He said, "I strongly recommend you do not interrupt Alexia. She can easily become very upset." Richard took this as a warning and watched as Alexia reached for Barbara's tits.
Barbara continued crying and swinging by her hood as Alexia adjusted the clamps perfectly on her nipples. She reached up to the top of the leather hood and unhooked the rope holding Barbara. Taking the strings hanging down from the clamps as if they were a leash, she pulled Barbara across the room. Parading her like a pony with the rains hooked to the woman's nipples, with her wrist cuffs still tied to her waist belt.
Snap! The right clamp popped off. "Shit," Alexia said. "I will fix this problem." Alexia directed two men from the back of the room to help her with Barbara. They held her arms and led her into the dining room while Alexia picked up her large purse and walked to Barbara's side. "Lay her down on the table," she told the men. Richard asked what she was doing and Alexia snapped, "This is my show now. Step back." She invited everyone to watch but ordered the men to remain silent. Everyone in the room obeyed and formed a tight circle watching everything while staying out of the way.
Alexia pulled Barbara onto the table, flat on her back. Alexia removed a few pieces of nylon line from her bag. Although only an eighth of an inch in diameter, this line was very strong. Walking to Barbara's head, she tied one to the hook on her hood and the other under the table. Another line was attached to the leather belt on Barbara's left side. It was run under the table and securely tied to the right side of her belt. She removed Barbara's shoes and tied a slip knot around each of her big toes. The other ends of the lines were tied to legs of the table, her left to the left side and her right to the other table leg. The helpless woman was now tightly bound to the table, unable to move more than an inch or two in any direction. This method held her legs far apart, fully exposing Barbara's inner thighs and magnificent pussy.
Barbara was tied so securely that the only part of her body she could move was turning her face to the right and left. Her torso was firmly restrained, preventing any movement. Looking directly at Richard, Alexia said, "Now I will properly prepare your slave for you."
She told William to go into the kitchen and bring her a bowl of ice cubes. She then reached back into her large, black leather purse. Laying a small bag beside Barbara, she unzipped it and removed several items. The bowl of ice was placed next to the bag. She pulled a foot long strip off a two inch wide roll of masking tape. Tearing it free she placed it over Barbara's mouth. "This will keep things quieter for us," she smiled at William and Richard.
Alexia removed both nipple clamps and opened a bottle of clear liquid, "alcohol," she said. Pouring some on a wad of cotton, she carefully cleaned both of the cheery red erect nipples. Next, she picked up an ice cube in each hand. She put the ice on both sides of Barbara's left nipple, and squeezed the hard nipple between the two cold blocks. Barbara tried to squirm and yell, but the tape gag and the expertly tied ropes prevented any sound or movement.
The dominatrix held the ice cubes against Barbara's nearly frozen nipple until they completely melted, and then she did it again. Three pairs of ice cubes had completely melted before she quit. The cold water had run down her side and formed a pool on the table. Quickly, Alexia removed an item from her bag that looked like a desk stapler on one end with a handle like a pistol with a trigger on the other end. Placing the stapler like portion over the nearly frozen nipple she held the pistol and pulled the trigger. "POP," went the device and Barbara jerked in a futile attempt to move away.
Alexia removed the device and we could see a only few drops of blood on the side of Barbara's left breast. Picking up a gold ring, she examined it carefully and wiped it clean with alcohol. It hinged in the middle with a small locking device. As if putting on pierced ear rings, she slipped it into the newly formed hole in Barbara's nipple and snapped it together. Barbara was still attempting to yell and move away from Alexia.
Examining it, Alexia said, "perfect." "Now I'll finish the job." Alexia again reached into the ice bowl and grabbed two large blocks of ice. Pressing Barbara's right nipple between the ice she pinched it, obviously hurting Barbara. She did not seem to even notice the pain she was causing the beautiful woman on the table in front of her. Perhaps she did notice and enjoyed it.
Knowing what was going to happen, it now seemed forever that she held the ice against the nipple. "This not only makes it less painful but also decreases the bleeding," she informed the attentive audience. She retrieved more ice and held it against Barbara. Richard noticed how hard her nipple was and how pale it was turning, loosing all color.
Finally, Alexia picked up the punch and quickly placed it over the nearly frozen piece of delicate flesh. POP! Again Barbara jerked and attempted to yell through her tape gag. Alexia inspected the second golden ring cleaned it and quickly slipped it onto the newly formed hole. She swiftly locked it in place. Richard was surprised at the small amount of blood this technique caused. She must have done this to many other women, and maybe men.
Alexia told both men to come closer and to inspect her handiwork. Richard looked at and touched the beautiful gold rings, now permanently attached to Barbara's body. "The only way they can be removed," said Alexia "is to cut the rings or to rip them out of the flesh."
Going back into her bag, Alexia retrieved two six inch gold chains. The links were small, almost dainty with a gold ring on one end and a snap hook on the other. She hooked one end into the rings that were now a part of Barbara. The small chains hung down onto her belly. Handing Richard a five foot length of chain, she hooked it into both of the gold rings on the end of the chains. "Now you can control and lead her with a steady pressure on both of her tits and they will not pop off," Alexia said. "Now let's give her time to calm down while we have another drink," the dominatrix instructed the men. They left Barbara lying on the table and went back into the living room.
It was over an hour before Richard decided to get his slave. It only took a minute to untie Barbara and remove her gag. The hood and the belt that held her arms to her side were still securely in place. He helped her into a sitting position, untying her toes from the table legs. Richard watched the chains hanging from the rings in her nipples. They swayed back and forth as she leaned forward.
He hooked the leash to the loops in the end of both chains and ordered her to follow. Richard expected her to cry or at least beg me to set her free, but she never said a word. Barbara slowly stood up next to the table that had held her for almost an hour. He gently pulled on the leash and watched her nipples stretch outward. She instantly followed the slightest pressure.
As they entered the living room everyone stopped talking and stared at Richard's pet on her new golden leash. He had now removed her hood and for the first time Barbara could see the people that had been watching all of this happen to her. Barbara did not receive the applause she was given earlier. Now the response was silent attention. Everyone stopped their conversation and stared in silence as he led his slave into their presence.
Each person had an opportunity to touch and examine her breasts, newly pierced and very sore nipples. Richard removed her taped mouth and gave her a passionate kiss. Barbara kissed him fully, enjoying sucking his tongue. Several of the men and two of the women inspected her vagina and all commented on the flow of fluids running down Barbara's inner thighs.
After a few trips around the room, Barbara begged to be allowed to use the bathroom and rest. Richard escorted her upstairs to the master bedroom and into the bathroom. When she came back out into the bedroom, Richard unlocked her wrists from the belt but continued to lead her by the nipples.
She was ordered to remove all of her clothing and then tied her, belly down, in the king-sized bed. Using handcuffs and small, chrome chains, she was bound, spread-eagle, to all four posts. Richard left her in that condition with the light on and the door open.
Richard circled the room and walked to the right side of the bed. "You have made me very proud of you," he softly whispered to Barbara. She smiled....
Richard asked,....."Where do we go from here?"
To be continued...