Between Chloe going on a family holiday and Mark's work, he seemed to get all the longer work trips due to his being the only single person on the team, they had not seen much of each other over the past 3 months. Now, after all the travelling, they would finally have a weekend to catch up.
"Hello. Chloe speaking." Chloe answered the phone at her parents' farm.
"Hi sexy, it's me." she heard Mark's voice on the phone.
"Hi sexy, back at you." She replied, "Nice to hear your voice."
"Are you doing anything tomorrow or over the weekend?" Mark asked.
"I was hoping to see my beautician, he's been very hard to get on to lately and things are going wild if you know what I mean." Chloe said, "Other than that may calendar is free, seems my boyfriend has been tripping everywhere without me." She added with a tone of rejection in her voice.
"Well, I hear that your beautician has an opening tomorrow night, and your boyfriend has finished tripping around. Would you like to come to my place after work and we can see what happens over the weekend?" Mark said.
"Nice plan. What shift you on?" Chloe asked.
"Day shift, so I will be home about 5:15." Mark said.
"See you then." Chloe said.
"Love you, Chloe. Stay safe." Mark said.
"Bye sexy." Chloe added as they hung up.
****
Chloe knocked on the door of Mark's home and let herself in. She no longer waited for him to come to the door if his live-in lady lady's car was not in the drive. Mark rented a room from a young lady named Judy who was only a couple of years older than himself, she was out for the night, so they had the house to themselves.
"In the kitchen." Mark called as she closed the fly screen door.
Chloe put her overnight bag by the door and went to the kitchen just reached the door between the kitchen and hall, drying his hands after preparing the vegies for their anniversary meal. He wasn't sure if Chloe realised or not however it was 3 months today since they had officially become a couple.
"Hi sexy man." Chloe said as they reached out to give each other a hug. They locked lips as they kissed.
"Flattery will get you everywhere." Mark said in reply.
"Something smells good." Chloe said.
"Thanks, I bought a new after shave." Mark joked; Chloe punched him on the arm.
"I mean dinner, funny boy."
"Hope you like lamb shanks." Mark said.
"You know the way to a girl's heart."
"They will be ready in just over 2 hours and veggies are ready to go in in about an hour." Mark said as he released Chloe from his hug just as his cock started to firm in his shorts. They hadn't been together for so long, and he had missed her effect on him.
Chloe noticed the bulge that had started to form in his pants and smiled, "Looks like I was missed." She said, reaching down and giving his cock a squeeze through his slacks, relishing in the feel of it swelling in her hand.
"Indeed, you were." Mark said.
"Well, the weekend is young, and so are we." Chloe added as she gave Mark's cock another squeeze and released it from her grip.
"Would you like a drink before dinner?" Mark asked as he adjusted his cock.
"Yes please." Chloe replied.
"Merlot OK?" Mark asked as they he turned back to the kitchen.
"Sounds good." Chloe said as she removed her coat. The weather had started to cool. May could still provide some warm days however being the last month of autumn most were cool to cold. Today was cool enough to warrant a little extra covering to keep warm, although Mark had the house comfortably warm.
Mark poured 2 glasses of Merlot, turned to hand one to Chloe and saw her attire for the evening.
She wore a soft mauve coloured short sleeve blouse made for a light cheese cloth material. The neckline was a deep V that came to a point halfway between the bottom of her breasts and navel. Had it not been for a lace trim of the same colour there would have been plenty of cleavage on show, the lace however added a note of mystery in this area. The blouse was fitted enough that the shape of her A-cup breasts was noticeable and the fact her nipples made little peaks confirmed she wore no bra as usual.
She accompanied the blouse with a wrap skirt in a floral print that complimented it. The skirt came to just below her knee and overlapped enough to keep her knees covered when she walked. She completed the outfit with a pair of quirky Dr Suess volleys.
He handed her glass to her. "Cheers." Mark said as he clinked his glass on Chloe's, "Cheers." She replied as they took a sip.
"Mmm. Nice drop." Chloe said.
"Enjoy it." Mark said, "There's plenty more to go with dinner. Let's go into the lounge." He added.
Chloe turned in front of him and he noticed how she had her hair done. Her long brunette hair, which normally hung below her bottom was gathered into a ponytail with the end looped back up to the knot of the pony so that it hung to her mid back.
"I like your hair up like that." Mark acknowledged.
"Testing the shorter look before I commit." Chloe told him, "Mum's been on me to go for a more adult look."
"Tell her to talk to my grandmother, her hair came almost to the back of her knees before it started thining." Mark suggested as he followed his cock, which followed Chloe, to the lounge.
As Mark sat beside her, Chloe noticed that bulge in his pants had grown and rubbed his shaft through his pants.
"Keep that up and we might have to put our drinks on hold." Mark suggested.
"Not yet." Chloe said as she moved her hand, "We need to take care of the bush between my legs first. It is a little overgrown again."
"We can take care of that after dinner." Mark suggested as they turned their conversation to other things.
Dinner was ready at 7:30 and they had finished the dishes by 9.
"You get a towel from the hall cupboard and get ready on the bed." Mark instructed as he went to get the warm wax pot to heat up. Chloe did as instructed; taking the open bottle of Merlot and 2 glasses with her. They were on the second bottle for the night.
Mark heated up the wax and followed her to the bedroom, where he found Chloe already sitting back against the pillows, naked, wine glass in hand, ready for her personal groomer.
"It is a little wild." Mark commented.
"Yeah, you see I found this new beautician who has a special technique, and I couldn't bring myself to try anyone else." Chloe said with a smile.
"OK, shall we start." Mark confirmed, "Legs first?"
"Yes please. Full leg thanks you." Chloe confirmed. Prior to Mark's more than adequate attempt at personal grooming before her 21st birthday Chloe had only had half leg waxes, she didn't stop Mark when he proceeded above her knee and afterwards had wondered why, other than cost perhaps, she had never had a full leg wax before.
As Chloe didn't need to instruct Mark this time, her legs were done in no time at all.
"I'll be back in a minute." Mark told her, "I just need to heat the wax up a bit more."
"OK. Miss you already." Chloe replied.
When Mark returned Chloe was sitting in a semi reclining position with her bottom pushed forward a little so that she slouched against the pillows, legs spread to give him good access to her pubic region to perform the bikini wax. Mark noted that his wine, which he had barely touched was topped up and so was Chloe's which she had finished during the leg waxing.
"So, what style would you like today? Small triangle like last time? Perhaps a larger triangle or something else?" Mark asked.
"Surprise me." Chloe answered.
"You sure?" Mark confirmed.
"My pussy is yours to do as you wish." Chloe confirmed.
"On your tummy first." Mark instructed, last time he had started on the hair at the front and finished around her butt crack. He knew they had both enjoyed the smoothness around her butt and pussy lips so all he had to do was decide on what he was going to do with the hair on her pubic mound and wanted time to think. Chloe complied.
It didn't take long to remove the hair around her butt. Chloe rolled back onto her back and Mark started on her pussy lips. As he was holding them taught to remove the wax strip, he allowed his fingers to slip between her wet lips and into her vagina. Where they stayed for several seconds as he caressed her inner folds. Chloe sighed in the process as she sipped her wine, this was the special technique that she had desired.
The technique slowed the whole process of the bikini waxing down, Chloe loved it and from the twitching bulge in Mark's pants so did he. It also gave him more time to make the final decision about her pubic mound.
Finally, Mark was finished around Chloe's pussy lips and had to make the decision. He could just make out the line of the previous triangle of hair he had created to fit under Chloe's barely there G-string that she had worn to her 21st. He decided to start out by leaving the same patch of hair, starting from the outer edges he worked across and down her mound until there was a small triangle of hair about 4 cm high starting at the top of the crease above her clit and 2 cm wide at the top.
Chloe glanced down as he removed the final wax strip to create the shape.
"Looks good." Chloe complimented as he did so.
"You like it like that." Mark confirmed.
"I do. Do you?" Chloe questioned, getting her answer immediately as Mark placed wax over the remaining hair and after putting a cotton strip on top proceeded to remove the last of the hair from Chloe's pubic mound.
"Ooh, I like the bare look too." Chloe said as she saw her bald mound for the first time since, well she knew she had shaved it once since puberty but couldn't remember how long ago it was as it had been so long.
"Looks sexy and I like the feel of your bare skin." confirmed Mark as he ran his fingers over her bald skin. He then proceeded to perform his QA check running his fingers and tongue over her mound and lips to make sure no hairs had been missed. Chloe squirmed with pleasure as he did so.
"I think it passes QA." Mark said as he released Chloe's clit hood from his lips and looked up the length of Chloe's body and smiled, Chloe unwrapped her fingers from his hair as he did so.
"So, what do you plan to do with your new, bald pussy?" Chloe asked.
"Wouldn't you like to know." Mark said as he licked along her slit from bottom to clit.
"I think I like where this is headed." Chloe admitted, "But first I think I need to have a quick shower, everything feels a little sticky from the wax."
They agreed a shower might be a good idea and walked naked to the bathroom. The shower at Mark's place wasn't big enough for them to share so Mark decided to have a shave while Chloe showered and then had his shower too.
"I might skip cleaning my teeth for now if that is OK with you." Chloe said when they were both finished, "There is still a little wine left and I am enjoying it."
"Fine by me." Mark replied as he led the way out of the bathroom and back to his bedroom. Chloe sat down on the bed with her back to the pillows and Mark topped up their glasses before handing Chloe hers.
"To a good weekend." Mark toasted.
"To a good weekend." Chloe repeated as they chinked glasses. They both took a sip before Mark sat beside Chloe. The two of them naked, sitting on the bed sipping wine would have been a great amusement for anyone who happened upon them. They chatted a little and Mark stole kisses on Chloe's cheek, shoulder, or breast at every chance. When Chloe's glass was empty Mark topped it up with the last of the wine.
"Keep some for yourself." Chloe protested.
"It's fine.", Mark said, "I have plans to move onto another source of refreshment when this is done."
Mark took the last sip of his wine and placed the glass on the bedside table. He then eased Chloe's thighs apart as he softly kissed the inside of her knees before placing kisses up the inside of her left thigh, each one a little closer to her pussy than the previous. When he reached the crease in her skin where her thigh met her groin he swapped to the inside of her right knee and repeated the process.
"That feels so nice." Chloe cooed as she squirmed her bottom to try to get his lips on her pussy, Mark pulled back.
"Tsk, tsk." Mark said as he smiled up at her, "Just sit back and enjoy your wine."
"I think I can enjoy my wine and your mouth on my pussy at the same time." Chloe told him.
"My we are keen aren't we." Mark joked.
"Always for your attention." Chloe confirmed with a laugh before she sipped at her wine.
Mark placed a kiss on her navel and ran his left hand up the inside of her right thigh with his fingers just brushing against her skin, skipped over her pussy and then ran his fingers down her left thigh before returning along the same route to her right knee.
"You tease me so much." Chloe purred as Mark kissed her bald mound slowly getting closer to the top of the crevice at the top of her clit hood. Chloe spread her thighs as far as she could in the semi reclining position that she sat to allow Mark to lick or finger her pussy as he desired. If she reclined far enough for him to be able to suck her lips, she would not be able to drink her wine.
Mark ran his left index finger down her slit from clit hood to perineum and back, gathering moisture from her wet tunnel entrance in the process and spreading it around her lips. His right hand traced up her torso before reaching her right breast which he cupped in his hand while twirling his right index finger over her hardening nipple before gripping it between the finger and thumb and giving a gentle firm pinch. Chloe sighed and her wetness increased.
Chloe reached out to the bedside table and put her wine glass down before sliding down the bed so that she was laying on her back. She spread her legs giving Mark unrestricted access to her aching pussy.
"Please make my lips puffy." She implored him.
Mark placed his left index and ring fingers between her slippery inner lips, pointing downwards, and spread them so he could run his middle finger over her dripping entrance as he continued to play with her right breast. Chloe pushed her hips up against his finger and rubbed her own left breast repeating the movements of Mark's hand and fingers.
"I so want to feel your mouth on my pussy. Please." Chloe pleaded as Mark continued to rub his fingers along her pussy slit and kiss her bald mound, never getting his mouth closer than the top of her clit hood.
Chloe pushed her pussy into Mark's hand. Mark curled his middle finger and let it slip into her tight tunnel until he felt the ripples on the front of her vagina that marked her g-spot. He rubbed the spot with a come-here motion. Chloe felt the now familiar pleasure of his fingers on her g-spot and relaxed in the hope that he would make her cum in the way he had so many times in their first 2 weeks together.
Chloe's excitement grew with every stroke of Mark's finger until he finally added his index finger to her tunnel to join the pleasure she was getting from his middle finger. Mark pressed up against the front of her vagina and the undeniable desire to cum grew.
"I'm so close. Please don't stop." Chloe sighed as her hips lifted of the bed, Mark recognised that Chloe was about to cum and leant between her legs, mouth ready to suck in her juices as they squirted from her pussy. He pulled his fingers across her g-spot causing Chloe to cum, juices gushing from her pussy and into Mark's waiting mouth. He pulled his fingers from her soaked pussy and clamped his mouth to her pussy drinking in every squirt of liquid she provided, when she stopped, he returned his fingers to her vagina and stroked her g-spot setting off another spasm of squirting which he again sucked down until she was done.
Chloe panted heavily as she said, "I need you to stop but don't want you too."
Mark didn't want to push Chloe too far and cause a premature end to the evening so sat up and gently ran his fingers around her outer lips before allowing his hand to rest on her bald mound and head against her right breast. He sucked on her nipple, she gave a soft shudder and ran her fingers through his hair.
They stayed this way for about 10 minutes while Chloe composed herself, she lifted his head from her breast, "I need to go to the toilet." She said.
Mark sat up so Chloe could get up, she lifted her wine glass from the bedside table and emptied the last small mouthful. "That was a nice drop." She said as she put the glass down again.
"I'm torn as to which drop was nicest." Mark replied as he stood up and collected the glasses and empty bottle from the bedside table and followed Chloe out of the bedroom.
Mark took the opportunity to go to the toilet while they were up, and they both brushed their teeth before returning to the bed.
Mark lay on his back and as Chloe got on the bed, he guided her to straddle his chest facing away from him. As she put her knees on the bed beside him, he wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her pussy to his mouth. Chloe took his still firm cock in her right hand and pulled his foreskin back to expose the head and sucked it into her mouth.
Mark sucked her inner lips into his mouth and licked between them as she slid about half of his 8" cock into her mouth. The pleasure of feeling Chloe's mouth wrapped around his throbbing cock momentarily distracted him from sucking on Chloe's pussy lips, he soon returned to task sucking first one then the other inner lips into his mouth coaxing them to fill with blood and puff up.
Chloe pushed his balls high enough along his cock to be able to grip the base of his cock with her left hand, thumb across the top of the shaft so that it rested between his cock and pubic bone and her fingers cradling his balls, her right hand wrapped around his cock above his balls, even with this grip there was still a good half of his 8" cock to suck on. She lifted her head so that she was just sucking his cock head and running her tongue along the ridge between his head and shaft.
Chloe started to bob her head up and down on his cock, sucking his cock into her mouth until she reached her right fist, at the same time she slid her right hand down his shaft until it hit her left hand which she pushed back against his body. The knuckle of her left index finger being pushed against the skin between the base of Mark's cock and his butthole, his perineum.
Chloe pumped Marks cock with her hands and mouth while he sucked on her inner pussy lips, all the time making them puffier. Mark reached between their bodies and swirled Chloe's nipples between his fingers which in turn caused her vagina to flood Mark's chin with her juices, he flicked his tongue across her tunnel to savour the flavour before returning to sucking her inner lips. The bigger they got the better they both enjoyed them.
Mark released the pussy lip he was sucking, as they got puffier it was easier to suck one at a time and turned his attention to Chloe's clit. Her excitement level was high enough that her clit was sticking out from under its hood. He sucked her clit between his lips and swirled his tongue around the little bundle of nerves, Chloe almost chocked on his cock as she inhaled deeply from the pleasure on her button causing her to start coughing.
"That almost made me cum." Chloe told Mark as she calmed her coughing and composed herself.
"Glad you enjoy what I do for you." Mark said as he gently ran the index and middle fingers up and down the creases where her inner thighs met her pussy. Squeezing her now puffy lips between them in the process.
"I am really enjoying your handy work on my cock too. Especially the feeling I get inside when your knuckle presses below my balls." He added.
"You mean like this?" Chloe asked as she pressed her knuckle into his perineum.
"Yeah, like that." Mark confirmed.
"Just something I picked up from a book I have been reading." Chloe told him.
"Any other new skills you learnt?" Mark asked.
"You'll have to wait and see." Chloe replied.
"A woman of mystery. I could grow to like that." Mark said with a smile as he returned to sucking Chloe's pussy.
Chloe returned to sucking his cock until she noticed his tell-tale hip movements suggesting he was nearing his orgasm. Chloe released Mark's cock from her grip and let it fall to rest pointing straight up his body, she spun herself around so that her pussy now pressed against is cock and slid her puffy lips along his shaft, spreading her moisture on him.
Once satisfied that she had spread enough moisture she slid high enough along his shaft for his cock head to nestle between her lips at her entrance, she moved her hips so that as she pushed back against him his cock slid into her hot tunnel. Even though his cock was 2" across she easily opened to accept his girth and being so wet she slid the whole 8" monster into her pussy with ease until his balls rested against her butt. Sitting up straight she wriggled her hips causing his cock to massage her aching tunnel.
"Cum for me." Chloe whispered to Mark, "I want to feel you fill me."
Mark reached up and cupped Chloe's small A-cup breasts in his hands and massaged them as Chloe began to ride his cock. Her puffy lips sliding tantalisingly along his shaft with each upward movement, Chloe gripping his cock with her vagina muscles with each downward stroke. Mark looked at her bald pussy and watched her lips being tugged and pushed by his thick cock with each change in direction.
Chloe stopped her movements with her pussy firmly pressing against Mark's pubic bone to increase the sensation on her clit. Mark looked at the contrast of her bald pussy against his pubic hair. Chloe didn't keep the pressure up long, Mark's pubic hair was a little too course and 'scratched' her puffy lips and clit more than was enjoyable, she stopped moving and rubbed her pussy a little to ease the irritation.
"What's up." Mark enquired with concern.
"Now I remember why I don't shave my bikini line." Chloe said, "Your hair is a little rough on my pussy tonight that's all."
She wriggled her hips to indicate it was OK and started to pump Mark's cock. Mark placed his hands on her hips and held her firm to stop her.
"I don't want you doing anything you don't enjoy." He said with concern.
"Oh, I'm enjoying. Believe me, I'm enjoying. Just need to change position so your hair doesn't rub my clit so much." Chloe said as she lifted her pussy from Mark's cock.
"Maybe we need to wax your bikini line too." She joked as she rolled on her side and faced Mark, running her fingers through the hair around his cock and balls.
"Anything to make it comfortable for you." Mark said.
"For us." Chloe corrected.
"I'm only joking about giving you a bikini wax anyway." Chloe added as she rolled away from mark and lifted her right leg, "Now stop talking and fill me up." she instructed.
Mark didn't need to be asked twice and immediately spooned in behind her and pushed his cock into her vagina. In this position his cock rubbed on Chloe's g-spot, it wasn't long before Chloe was panting heavily as her orgasm swept across her, her pussy muscles clenching on Mark's cock hard causing his orgasm to hit him causing him to pump his spunk deep in her vagina just as she squirted on his balls. Mark continued to slide his cock in and out of Chloe's now relaxing tunnel until he had emptied the last of his cum in her.
Chloe twisted her head around to give Mark a kiss before pushing her butt back against Mark's groin, his cock still buried in her tunnel, settling down and pulling his left hand to her breast and giving his softening cock one last squeeze with her vagina.
"Night Mark. I love you." Chloe said.
"Night Chloe. I love you too.
****
As morning approached, it was still dark outside however dawn wasn't far away, Chloe had to go to the toilet. When she returned to the bed she admired mark's body, his well-defined chest muscles and even when flaccid his cock was still a respectable length and girth. She carefully lifted his cock in her hand, Mark didn't stir, and noted it had a little firmness too it even in this state of non-arousal. She looked at how his foreskin covered is cock head and she noted that she could pull it further forward so that the head did not give the skin any shape. She spooned back against Mark and lifted her leg, spooning had to be her most favourite resting position when with Mark. If she tilted her hips right his cock was long enough in its current state to just reach her entrance, she felt Mark stir a little, so she lay still.
Once sure Mark was still asleep, she spread her pussy lips with one hand and with the other pulled the foreskin forward so the head was not filling it. She then placed the foreskin at her entrance and let her lips go so that they wrapped around the very tip of Mark's cock and lowered her leg. His cock was now trapped at the entrance of her tunnel. She took Mark's hand and placed it across her body onto her breast, holding her own hand over his so she could use his fingers to play with her nipple.
It wasn't long before Mark realised where his hand was and started to move his fingers without help. The natural reaction from having a breast in his hand caused his cock to start to firm up and Chloe could feel his cock head moving between her lips, it was about the same time Mark realised where his cock was nestled causing his arousal to speed up.
Chloe felt his cock head push through the foreskin tunnel she had created and as it pushed out the end it slid into her already wet and waiting vagina. Mark was penetrating her without either having to move their bodies. Mark continued to massage her breast and tweak her nipple as his cock grew closer to full erection in her tunnel. Chloe clenched her vagina against his cock to help encourage his advance.
Once they sensed his cock was at full strength, they both started to move their hips, quickly finding a rhythm that worked. Chloe clenched her thighs together increasing the pleasure for both and within minutes they reached their orgasm, Mark again filling Chloe's tunnel with his spunk.
"Thanks, I needed that." Chloe said as she pulled his hand to her mouth and kissed it before settling back down to doze, still with Mark's cock softening inside her.
"Glad I could help; you can use my cock any time you want." Mark said as he nuzzled the back of her neck just below the loose ponytail she had in her hair.
****
Chloe stirred to feel Mark's fingers tracing circles on her bald mound. She had rolled on her back while dozing.
"Morning sleepy." Mark said as she opened her eyes.
"Someone kept poking me during the night." Chloe said with a tone of mock grumpiness.
"The way I remember it someone poked themselves." Mark replied.
"Yeah, well if someone didn't have such an enticing stick to poke with there wouldn't be a problem." Chloe said as she rolled towards Mark and squeezed his semi-firm cock while giving him a deep kiss on the mouth before falling back to the pillow while rubbing her eyes.
"You know, I've been thinking about what you said last night." Mark said.
"I said a lot of things last night." Chloe replied.
"About my pubes scratching your clit. I want you to enjoy sex as much as I do and your bald pussy is absolutely a pleasure So if your game to do it, I'm game to let you wax me." Mark told her.
"I was only joking about waxing your bikini line." Chloe said.
"I'm serious." Mark replied, "If we don't like it then it only takes a few weeks to grow back. So, if you want to try it this is a one-time offer, I'm ready for you to do it." Mark said.
"What? Now?" Chloe asked.
"Now or maybe never."
Chloe looked Mark straight in the eye to see if he was joking and when she realised he was true to this word she got out of bed and went to get the wax.
"So, what do you propose?" Chloe asked when she returned, "it's the hair above your cock that rubs but it would look weird to be hairless just above your cock." she said.
"I was thinking cock, balls and butt." Mark suggested, the area covered by his jocks. Mark's chest hair was light in colour and cover, but his leg hair was thick. It was around this area where the transition really occurred so should look reasonable.
"Ready? This is going to hurt." Chloe warned as she applied the first wax across his lower stomach. She thought to start on a less tender place and work down so Mark had a chance to get used to the pain of having hair pulled from his pubic region. Mark jumped as she removed the strip of wax.
"Not so bad I guess." he said with a bravado that would soon disappear.
Chloe gradually worked down until she was about to remove the first of the hair around his cock. She held it down so she could get to the hair over his pubic bone. Once the wax was applied when remove the strip. Mark jumped in pain.
"We can stop now if you like." Chloe offered, "It looks even."
"No. Keep going." Mark said through gritted teeth.
Chloe worked around his balls and the underside of his now erect cock until he was hairless from waist to the point where is legs and groin met.
"I think you will need to go at least one strip down my legs." Mark suggested, "I can feel the hair rubbing when I move my leg."
Chloe shaped the hair around the top of his leg so that it didn't rub on his balls or groin.
"OK on your tummy." Chloe instructed, "We have to do the whole job now."
Mark rolled over and Chloe proceeded to wax from his balls up his butt crack.
"I think I need to do your butt cheeks too." Chloe said.
"OK" Mark replied as Chloe remove all the hair so that Mark was now hairless from waist to upper leg all round.
"Stand up." Chloe instructed. Mark's still erect cock stood proud of his bald balls and pubic bone.
"You cock is huge and now looks like it has grown another 2 inches." Chloe said, mark looked down at his bald pubic region and ran his fingers over the skin.
"I see what the attraction is with bald skin." Mark told Chloe.
"QA check." Chloe said as she pulled Mark closer using his cock. She ran her tongue around his shaft and over his balls before kissing him on the pubic bone.
"I think the only real test is to get on and try." Chloe said as she pushed Mark to the bed and straddled his lap.
Chloe grabbed his erection and guided it to her pussy. Lowering herself gradually onto his shaft as she had not taken the time to get worked up more than the excitement she got from playing with his cock during the waxing.
Once she had his cock fully impaled in her tunnel, she ground her clit against his now bald pubic bone. Her moisture now providing ample lube for the job.
"My moisture spreads so much easier with us both being hairless." Chloe commented between gasps of pleasure.
Mark ran his fingers down his bare skin and between them so he could finger Chloe's clit.
"It feels so much more intense and intimate." Mark noted as he lifted his hips and drove his cock into Chloe's clenching vagina. They explored each other's now bald genitals as they drove themselves to orgasm, Chloe grinding her clit against Mark's pubic bone with every thrust of her hips. Chloe was first to be hit by the body shaking pleasure of her orgasm followed quickly by Mark who filled her pussy with another load of hot spunk.
"Don't you ever run out." Chloe said in amazement as she slumped against Mark's chest.
"I've been saving up for you." Mark replied as they caught their breath, "How did that feel for you?" he added.
"Much nicer without the friction of hair on my bald skin."
"I'm glad you liked it." Mark said as he leant forward to kiss Chloe's breast.
"I need a shower." Chloe announced as she lifted her pussy from Mark's semi-erect cock and let some of his spunk drip from her pussy and on his cock.
"Me too. You go first." Mark said as he explored the new feelings of rubbing their juices into his hairless groin region.
When Mark went to the shower Chloe got dressed. She put on a floral print pleated a-line skirt that came two thirds the way to her knee, the material light enough to flip at the back as she walked but not so light as to constantly expose her butt. She accompanied it with a round neck powder blue crocheted cotton blouse. The holes in the crotchet were small enough to hide everything including her braless breasts however open enough to show skin to those who looked.
Mark pulled on a pair of loose fitting dark blue chino shorts and a light blue polo top.
They had breakfast and talked about the things they needed to do during the day including book their first holiday together.
****
It was around 10:30am by the time they got on the road. The town that Mark lived in was only small and most of the main services and shops where in a regional city 45 minutes' drive away.
As Chloe sat in the passenger seat, she pulled the hem of her skirt up slightly so that it did not pull tight when she sat, this meant that the hem at the front also rode higher so as to now be halfway up her thigh although it was still low enough that her naked pussy was covered.
Mark pulled on to the street and headed for the highway out of town. Once they reached the edge of town and cruising speed Mark placed his left hand on Chloe's exposed right thigh. Chloe reached out her right hand and placed it just above his left knee and squeezed his leg gently.
Mark gently ran his fingers back and forth along the inside of her thigh tracing little circles on her skin. Each time his hand moved a little higher on her thigh until it was going under the hem of her skirt. His cock was becoming firm from the knowledge that he was getting closer to Chloe's hairless outer lips with each move.
The highway was a little rough and with each bump Chloe allowed her hand to move up Mark's thigh and was now resting her little finger under the loose leg hem of his shorts. As her hand bounced on his thigh, she managed to get her hand halfway up the leg of his shorts, her long fingers straightened towards his groin and as she curled then down she stoked the side of his balls.
"Keep that up and we might need to pull over." Mark told her as his cock responded to her touch.
Chloe looked down and saw the tent in his shorts and smiled.
Mark also stretched out his fingers as he continued to trace circles on her inner thigh expecting to brush them on material, he was not yet aware that Chloe had gone commando. Instead, his middle finger found the slit between her outer lips and pushed between them. Mark took his eyes off the road and gave Chloe a cheeky smile, she blew a kiss back at him as she pushed her hand into his shorts far enough to be able to wrap her fingers around his now full erection and proceeded to stroke his cock slowly.
"I like making you hard." Chloe said as she continued to stroke him, "Can you concentrate on driving if I keep doing this?"
"As long as it is soft and gentle you could keep me at this point all day." Mark said as he ran his middle finger along her now open wet pussy.
For the majority of the next 30 minutes, they kept each other on the edge, the only time their fingers left the other's genitals being when Mark had to change gears for curves and hills. For Mark this was a blessing as it allowed his arousal to wain slightly as Chloe's technique had him so close to orgasm.
When they reached the outskirts of the city Mark needed both hands to drive and having Chloe's hand on his cock was too distracting, so she removed it from his shorts. She did however place her hand in his lap and squeeze his cock head through his shorts. When they arrived in the shopping district Mark found a car park, by now his cock was under some control so walking the street was not overly embarrassing.
They visited many stores, some just to browse, others they knew what they wanted. Every chance Mark got he would pull Chloe into an embrace and kiss her while caressing her bare butt under skirt. Chloe would return the favour by stroking his cock through his shorts.
Chloe needed some new knickers, so they spent quite a while at Bras n Things, she knew her size so there was no need to try anything on, it was more the explaining to Mark why a particular style didn't appeal that took the time. She found several items made of lace or sheer material that she liked and some of them had matching crop top style bras that she bought to wear as tops, they wouldn't be worn as bras because the only time she one was when playing sport.
Mark found some new shirts, shorts and pants and Chloe found new skirts and blouses which took some time as she had to try on and model everything to get Mark's opinion. Several times she flashed him some boob or butt with ill-chosen sizes or styles however apart from when Chloe was getting money from an ATM and the breeze blew causing the back of her skirt to lift and expose her naked butt, she didn't bother to push it down so it was on display for several seconds, that was the only real exposure of Chloe that occurred. Even then Mark was the only one who knew for sure she was naked underneath, anyone else seeing her butt-cheeks would naturally assume she had a G-string on.
The had lunch around 1pm at a small coffee shop and then went to the travel agent to book their winter getaway to Queensland. They were done by 3:30 and headed back to the car and home.
****
During the drive home Mark and Chloe decided they would to go to the pub for dinner and drinks rather than cook. As the seasons changed from summer to autumn the evenings were starting to get cooler and it was still too early for dinner so they went back to Mark's to change first.
They had both been commando for the day and with Chloe rarely wearing a bra it wasn't long before they were naked for purely innocent reasons as they got changed however no matter the reason for being naked it didn't take long for Mark's cock to be standing to attention as he looked at Chloe's body.
He took Chloe into an embrace that soon had his cock pressing into her lower abdomen while her small breasts pressing against is chest. He gently lowered Chloe to his bed and pressed against her thighs with a leg so that he had access to her sweet bald pussy. He sank to his knees and licked her slit from perineum to clit, savouring the flavour of her juices that leaked from her tunnel.
Chloe held his head and ran her fingers through his hair as he placed kisses on her pubic mound has he ran the index finger of his left hand along the crevice between her lips. Chloe was already moist, which was no surprise they had been teasing each other the whole way home in the car, which allowed his finger to slip easily into her vagina.
"I guess we are going for appetisers before dinner." Chloe joked as Mark's tongue swept over her clit.
"Only if you want?" Mark queried; Chloe gently pressed on the back of his head in reply.
Mark removed the finger from her vagina and again licked up her slit, before sucking Chloe's clit into his mouth and playfully closed his teeth around it. Chloe jumped at the sensation and instantly regretted it as it caused Mark's teeth to scrap her sensitive bud.
"Ouch. Careful." Chloe said in response to the incident.
"Sorry. Not all my fault." Mark replied before again gently sucking he clit into his mouth and licked it gently, this time keeping is teeth away.
"Hmm, much better." Chloe purred.
Mark released her clit and sucked an inner lip into his mouth. He found in the position he was in he could poke his tongue past his lips and maintain the suction, this allowed him to run the tip of his tongue along her slit and over her dipping vagina as Chloe's pussy started to puff up.
Mark was unable to reach Chloe's breasts from where he was kneeling between her legs so his hands caressed her bald pubic mound and inner thighs instead. Chloe played with his hair and guided the pressure of his mouth on her pussy.
After alternating his sucking between her inner lips and clit for 10 minutes Mark was satisfied that they were puffy enough to protrude past her normally closed outer lips when she stood. He lifted his mouth from Chloe's pussy and licked her juices from his glistening lips.
"Let's go to the St Anne's winery for dinner instead of the pub." Mark suggested, "It will be much nicer food and more intimate."
"I'd love that, but I don't have anything appropriate to wear for a formal dinner." Chloe said.
"Yes, you do. You bought new things today." Mark told her.
"But they were all warmer weather clothes. It's getting cold out." Chloe protested.
"The winery has a pot belly stove in the cellar, it's sure to be going tonight so you just need to be warm enough to get from the car to the cellar door and back." Mark assured her, "let's get ready."
Chloe was a little disappointed that Mark had stopped sucking on her pussy, her arousal from Mark's attention had her close to orgasm and her pussy ached for a release after the teasing Mark had given her during the drive. Reluctantly she agreed to going to the winery for dinner as she sat up at the edge of the bed, legs still spread to expose her puffy lips.
"Hmm, I hope this feels good." Mark said as he ran his fingers along her slit before bringing them to his lips to clean the juices from them. He pulled Chloe's mouth to his and kissed her passionately before standing up, cock swinging close to Chloe's mouth in the process. She tried to plant a kiss on the head as it swung by however was to slow.
Mark walked over to the bags of things Chloe had bought while in the city. First, he pulled out a pleated black mid-thigh length skater skirt from one bag. He then fished around in the bag from Bras n Things and found one of the lace crop top style bras and a pair of black lace top stay-up stockings. From another bag he pulled out a white, long sleeve cotton cardigan that buttoned up to halfway between the navel and breast line and finally a pair of black high heel sandals. Chloe noticed that he did not pull out the lace knickers that matched the lace bralette crop top.
"I'll be cold with out a coat." Chloe said.
"No problem." Mark said as he turned to his own cupboard and pulled out a pair of fitted black slacks and a complementing sports jacket. He then found a light tan coloured long sleeve shirt.
"You can wear my sports jacket over your shoulders while outside." Mark told her.
"I guess." Chloe said unconvincingly as she held the skirt to her waist, "Should we have a shower then?"
"No need." Mark replied, "We haven't done anything to get dirty." he added before realising the double entendre in his comment and smiled.
"I will have a shave though." He said rubbing his chin.
Mark went to the bathroom to shave, and Chloe got dressed in the clothes Mark had picked out for her. When Mark returned from the bathroom, he found Chloe fully dressed, back to the door and bent forwards with her left foot on the edge of the bed as she did up the strap of the sandal. Mark's cock jumped to attention as he saw the lace around the top of the stockings under the hem of the skirt.
"Doesn't that thing ever get soft." Chloe joked as she lowered her foot and turned around just as Mark reached her. She wrapped a hand around his firm shaft and gave it 3 long strokes from head to root before rubbing the bead of pre-cum on the tip into his skin.
"Get dressed stud. I'm hungry and I don't think this thing will suffice."
Mark quickly pulled on his slacks and shirt before adding socks and shoes. He brushed his hair and they walked to the car to drive to the winery for dinner. Mark never drank much when out, never enough to worry about drink-driving, so there was no sense in the expense of getting a taxi there and back.
During the short 15-minute drive Mark placed his hand on Chloe's stocking clad leg several times and tried to slide it under her skirt, each time Chloe lifted his hand away and placed it back on his own leg. She didn't try to caress his cock through his pants even though she did notice it straining at the fly every time she returned his hand to his leg.
After parking Mark walked to the passenger door, opened it and held his sports jacket so Chloe could drape it on her shoulders as she got out. He noticed that her nipples were visibly creating little mounds in the soft cotton material of the cardigan, even with the lace crop top underneath. The V neckline of the cardigan plunged rather low, and the black lace of the crop top covering her cleavage provided an arousing contrast to the outfit.
"Why thank you Sir." Chloe said as she nodded to Mark after placing the jacket over her shoulders. Mark closed the door and put an arm around her waist as they walked to the cellar door.
Mark had called ahead to make sure there were tables available and when they entered a old classmate from year 12 greeted them at the door by name.
"Hi Mark. Nice to see you." Sarah said as she shook Mark's hand and looked at Chloe searching for a name in her memory.
"Hi ... um Chloe, isn't it?" Sarah eventually managed to say as she offered her hand to shake Chloe's. Because Chloe had been 3 school years behind Mark it was a good effort for Sarah to remember.
"Yes, it is. Hi Sarah." Chloe said as she took the offered hand and shook it. She had the advantage that Sarah wore a name tag.
"I didn't know you two were together." Sarah made polite conversation as she led them to the table. Mark had also asked to be seated near the fireplace, if possible, when he called.
"We have been seeing each other for a month or two." Mark told her as he gave Chloe's hand a gentle squeeze. Mark had fancied Sarah at school and made a fool of himself at their graduation dance. Since that night he felt a little uncomfortable in her presence even now nearly 10 years on and felt uneasy talking about his relationship status with her.
"So, what have you been up to recently?" Mark asked to shift the conversation away from himself.
"Not much, working here, raising 2 children. Dreaming about what might have been if I hadn't hooked up with that deadbeat from school." Sarah replied as she handed them their menus.
"Sorry to hear that." Chloe said as she looked at the menu. She never really knew Sarah at school but felt it the polite response.
"But enough about me, you two are obviously here to enjoy our autumn menu, not hear about personal issues of your waitress." Sarah smiled. She ran off the specials for the evening and took a drink order before she left Mark and Chloe to consider the menu.
"You seem uncomfortable." Chloe said to Mark once Sarah had left the table.
"I'm fine. I'll tell you about it one day. Not tonight." Mark told her.
They spoke about their food choices and Mark chose the wine to go with it. While they waited for Sarah to return, he reached both hands across the table and Chloe did the same. He took hold of her fingers and caressed them as they gazed into each other's eyes. They didn't hear Sarah return with their drinks until she cleared her throat.
"Oh, sorry Sarah." Mark said on realising she was standing beside them.
"It's OK. You two are so cute together." She said as she placed the glasses down. It sounded to Mark like she meant it sincerely and it sounded good coming from someone other than Chloe's parents, he got a buzz inside.
"Can I take your order." Sarah asked.
Mark and Chloe ordered their entrée and main meals and left dessert for consideration later. Sarah left them and they returned to their conversation.
Mark surveyed Chloe from across the table. He was pleased with the outfit he had thrown together for her. He appreciated the fact that Chloe could get away with not wearing a bra and that she was comfortable do so. Having now seen Sarah again after several years, even in a small town you could avoid people without trying, he realised that Chloe was just the person he had been waiting for since that faithful night at the year 12 graduation.
His cock stirred in his pants, not that it had gone totally soft all evening, when he thought of the length of the skirt and the fact that the stockings Chloe had on stopped not much higher than the hem when standing and left everything above them bare. He wanted to put his hand up her skirt and caress the puffy lips he had left earlier in the evening however the table stopped him.
Chloe admired Mark's physique as much as she could in his fitted shirt and slacks. When he went to the toilet, she admired the bulge in his pants as he walked past her and felt good knowing it was because of her. When he had returned, she had batted his hand away from her pussy when he tried to caress the naked skin of her inner thighs as he leant in to give her a kiss on the mouth before returning to his seat, telling him to behave himself in public.
Sarah came back to check on their drinks and meal, as a good waitress should, and when the evening was over held Mark's sports jacket for Chloe to drape over her shoulders.
"You too have a good night." Sarah said as she farewelled them at the door.
"Thanks Sarah." Mark said, "Hope you get home to your children soon."
"They will be asleep now. But thanks." Sarah replied as she waved them off.
Mark opened the door of the car and as Chloe sat in the passenger seat she carelessly, on purpose, swung her legs in such a way that she flashed Mark a view up her skirt. For the first time in the evening Mark could see that she wasn't commando as he had expected, after all he didn't get any knickers out of the shopping bags, instead the lower portion of Chloe's pubic mound was covered by a tiny triangle of black lace that pointed to her pussy and stopped just above her clit. He couldn't see a lot in the soft glow of the car's interior light however he could just make out the material that ran between her legs disappeared between her still rather puffy lips making it look like the triangle of lace floated over her mound. Mark's cock twitched as he smiled at her.
"You seem to like the surprise." Chloe said as she reached for his cock and squeezed it through his pants.
"I do." Mark admitted as he picked up his jaw.
"Shall we see where this takes us?" Chloe said.
"I know exactly where this takes us." Mark replied as he sat in the driver's seat, "I hope you didn't have plans to sleep tonight?"
Before Mark had driven out of the winery car park Chloe was stroking his cock, having undone his zipper, and freed it from the confines of his pants.
****
The 15-minute drive seemed like hours. Chloe had to ease back on her stroking of Mark's cock otherwise he would have cum, and Mark was having trouble keeping the car going in the right direction as it was. Neither wanted their sexual appetite to cause a road accident.
Mark eased the car to a stop in the backyard of the house and they barely made it inside before Mark had Chloe's cardigan off exposing her lace bralette covered breasts to be kissed.
"Whoa tiger." Chloe said as she lifted his mouth away from her breast, "I have to pee. Here take this and I'll meet you in the bedroom." Chloe handed him her purse and headed for the toilet.
Mark went to his bedroom, removed his pants and shirt, and readied the bed by pulling the covers and sheet back. He set up a candle oil burner and lay on his back waiting for Chloe to come in. Cock firmly erect and laying against his abdomen.
Chloe walked in naked but looking rather unhappy. She avoided eye contact with Mark and walked straight over to her overnight bag. She retrieved a pair of regular brief style lace knickers and pulled them up her shapely legs before looking at Mark.
"I got my period." she said simply, before climbing into bed beside him and pulling up the covers.
Mark embraced her tightly, gave her long kiss and snuggled in behind her.
"That's OK. We will survive." he said as he turned out the light and they drifted off to sleep.