Edna was on her bed panting hard. After the adventure with the fire alarm she had made it back to her room and, leaning back against the headboard, had spread her legs wide apart immediately touching herself. Her fingers danced over her folds, teasing her already soaked pussy, before settling one finger on her hardened nub. Toes curling into the sheets, back arched, her long nipples standing firmly at attention she had rubbed her clit to a nice, although not as satisfying as she expected, orgasm. Looking through half lidded eyes she realized she had left the door from her bedroom to the rest of the suite wide open. Luckily her roommate and her boyfriend weren't here tonight or she'd really have put on a show. Although the thought of the two of them watching her, especially her roommate's boyfriend, made her tingle in ways she didn't expect.
She'd never thought about exposing her body before or having people watch her during her most intimate moments. But after her escapade, and with Jaina's help, instead of being humiliated or embarrassed she felt empowered. All her life she'd been told and forced to hide her body away. She'd taken to wearing bulky clothes to conceal her voluptuous body and ample chest. Her nipples especially as even when she wasn't aroused they were noticeable through lighter or thinner clothing. Once engorged, they were hard not to notice except through padded bras or oversized hoodies.
But remembering the looks of lust and awe around her as she was exposed turned her on. The orgasm when her last piece of clothing was taken from her so suddenly in front of the crowd was better than any she'd had before. The way she held their attention and controlled their desires felt delicious. She'd felt powerful and in control. Maybe that's what she was missing.
Only one way to find out. Before she could change her mind she sprung from her bed, strutting out the door. Head held high, tits out, nipples stiff with excitement, she walked down the hall towards the common room. Normally quiet at this hour the fire alarm had a few stragglers loitering in the hall. Their eyes devoured Edna's naked form, taking in all the areas she'd kept secret for so long. Edna stared back at them without a lack of shame. Moving into the common room she noticed several boys. Two were nerdy boys that shared one of her classes. The other she didn't know his name, but she knew him. She'd had a crush on him for months but hadn't even worked up the courage to learn his name. With her newfound sense of empowerment she stalked up to him, put her arms behind her back to push her chest out more, and bit her lip coquettishly.
"Hey. How's it going?"
The boy in question had been distracted by his phone so he hadn't seen her approach. Although the nerdy boys had definitely taken in the bare goddess who'd just entered. It had taken a moment to match the demure Edna they knew from class to the creature before them but being able to go from furtive glances to a full tour of her body and all its treasures wasn't lost on them. They both quickly pulled up their phones and started to record what was happening. Edna noticed that she was now being recorded and while she ignored them, it ignited a heat between her legs. Her crush finally looked up, his reaction changing from curiosity to shock slowly as he took in the vision before him.
"Oh, hey Edna how... whoa... you are... wow... you're gorgeous." His eyes trailed down taking in her plump, hard tipped mounds to her wide hips to her shaved pussy glistening with dew. She was obviously aroused and leaving nothing to the imagination.
"Thanks. You don't mind my outfit do you? It's an old one but it's very comfortable." She looked down demurely twisting slightly from side to side, an obvious effort to keep his eyes on her tits and sex.
He managed to get out a stammered response. "Uh, no, not at all. You should be comfortable whenever and wherever you want to be. This is basically your home right?"
"I was hoping you'd say that. See, I have a little problem. As you can see I'm really turned on. But when I touched myself earlier, it just wasn't very satisfying. I think what I really need is a new venue and this one looks promising. So, since I should be comfortable and this is my home, I should be able to touch myself here right? It's my home after all, it's not like I'm in public."
He gulped, his pants growing tighter as he finally trailed his eyes up to look at her face. She definitely had his attention now. "You want to touch yourself out here? Oh. Uh. Should we leave?"
She giggled. "No silly. It's your home too. I don't mind you watching. In fact, I think it would help." With this she finally turned and acknowledged the two other boys recording. "Watch, but don't touch. At least don't touch me without my permission. Although I would love for you to share those videos with me later. I'm thinking of starting an OnlyFans and it would really help. I'll give you each free access in exchange?" The two boys nodded vigorously, moving apart to get different angles. She nodded then moved to a nearby overstuffed chair. Laying back she shifted so her butt was on the front edge. Slowly she spread her legs, draping her knees over the armrests, opening up her sex for them. Her toes curled slightly as shivers ran down her spine. Nothing was hidden from them and anyone could walk in and see her right now. It felt delicious. Her hands reached for her chest, massaging both globes while her thumb and pointer finger stroked her nipples. Eyes half closed she moaned, arching her back. As turned on as she was she knew she couldn't last long. Her right hand slid down between her legs, two fingers caressing and teasing her clit to warm it up before beginning to vigorously rub it. She bit her lip hard, her body tense, moans increasing, as she stroked herself. Finally she cried out, her body collapsing as she came, tremors running down her form. Panting for a few moments she slowly opened her eyes and looked up to 3 sets of wide open eyes gazing back.
"Holy crap. That was the hottest thing I think I've ever seen. I can't believe you just jilled yourself off in front of us in the middle of the common room."
She smiled languidly. "It felt amazing. Thanks for the idea. I'm definitely going to have to make use of my 'home' more often to enjoy my body." With almost cat like grace she stood up, moving to right in front of him.
To the others she said. "You two are still recording right?" They nodded, unable to speak and hesitant to interrupt whatever was going on in front of them. "Good."
She stared deep into the eyes of her crush. She didn't even know his name but he'd just seen her at her most intimate and private moment. Now she wanted to take even more power back. Her hands reached forward, thumbs hooked into the waistband of his shorts and boxers. "I'd like to pay you back. Is it ok if I touch you? Specifically I'd like to pull these down to the floor, take your cock in my hands, and stroke you until you cum all over my face and chest. Then I'll clean you with my tongue and be on my merry way. What do you think?"
He looked terrified to move in front of her, probably afraid this was a dream and he'd wake up any moment. Still he managed a brief nod. Sinking to her knees she drew his clothes down with her, his turgid rod springing out. She observed it from mere inches away before both hands slowly grasped it, sliding up and down its length with long strokes. Sadly it only took a few before he tensed and thick ropes shot out. One hand near the head of his cock aimed, while the second milked the shaft. The first two hit her forehead, trailing down her face. The rest she aimed at her chest, covering her mammaries with his seed. Drenched, she smiled up at him, looking him in the eye as her tongue snaked out, bathing the head of his cock and cleaning any remaining. As promised she tucked him away and then stood up, purring as fingers slid along to scoop up some of the cum on her and deposit it in her mouth.
"Thank you. You taste great. Maybe next time I'll just suck you off and swallow it. But I always wanted to try a facial. Especially when I can have my first one recorded."
"Uh, sure... anytime?"
She waved at him, then turned to the two other boys. "Don't forget to send that to me please." Before she turned and strutted off back to her room. Picking up her phone she took multiple selfies of her cum drenched face and body and a video of her scooping it off and licking her fingers clean. Setting up her phone in the bathroom she also recorded her showering, slowly sudsing up and cleaning her body before lifting one leg up on the side and getting herself off one last time. She laughed as she realized she'd forgotten to shut the bathroom door as well. Deciding to embrace an open door policy, she opened her bedroom door wide then crawled into bed naked.
The next morning Edna waffled over what to wear to class. Her and Josie shared a morning lecture so they typically met up outside Josie's room. Running around the dorm naked was one thing but she wasn't sure she was ready to just strut around campus wearing nothing but a smile. However she also didn't want to go back to her old ways. Finally she decided on an old tank top she normally only wore to bed, a knee length skirt, and some chunky sandals. The top was worn and thin. Skipping underwear, she enjoyed the feeling of her nipples poking out the fabric and the cool breeze under her skirt as she walked quickly to Josie's room. Josie was exiting as she got there.
Josie apparently hadn't spent as much time on her outfit choices as the only things she was wearing were sandals, a lace choker, and a pair of thin, light green panties. Her nipples were erect as her bare tits bounced with her movement.
"Whoa. Forget something this morning? And here I thought I was going to turn heads." Edna smirked.
"No. Jaina let me swap my collar for the choker in public. But she said since we can be nude anywhere on campus this is all I get. I mean, look at these, they barely cover anything and you can see right through them." She was correct in that, with the morning light behind her the thin fabric covered nothing. Her mound was outlined in great detail - more highlighted by the panties than covered. "This is just the start. She also said if I can't make it back without soaking them, I have to take them off and put them in my bag. And if that happens I won't get another pair to wear for the rest of the semester."
Josie played embarrassed but Edna could see the same feelings and desires that she felt. The only difference was Josie was submissive and needed someone to force her to expose herself. The submitting control added to her arousal where Edna was more like Jaina, dominant in her exhibitionism. Her smirk grew wider as she had an idea. Slowly she stalked up in front of her, before leaning forward and grasping one of her breasts. Her tongue snaked out and flicked over the exposed nipple before she enveloped it with her mouth, suckling on it.
Josie's eyes went wide. "What are you doing?"
She continued to suckle while one hand slid down, pressing against Josie's pussy from the outside. Her fingers slid along Josie's slit, rubbing her softly. Pulling back she stared into Josie's eyes. "I know you don't want to be topless in class. You want to be forced to be completely nude. To have everyone stare at you in lust. To know every inch of your body. To have no secrets. I bet once you lose these panties you'll pretend to be embarrassed. But as you're looking down and hiding your face your nipples will stand at attention and your legs will be spread as far as you can make them. I bet you'll struggle to not touch yourself for everyone's enjoyment. But I know you're too submissive to admit that, that's why you and Jaina are such a good team. So I'm just helping you along. Speaking of which... looks like someone's panties are drenched."
Gasping Josie pushed her hand away and then looked down, touching her panties. They were indeed soaked and she hadn't even made it 10 feet from her room. With a groan she grasped the waistband and slid them off, tucking them in her bag. "It's going to be a long semester. And Jaina already told me if I lost them I'm not allowed to keep my knees together. That if I'm such a slut that exposing myself to everyone turns me on, I have to keep my legs spread apart for anyone to look. And she said I have to find a boy and either touch myself for him or give him a blow job."
Edna laughed. "See, a great team as I said. Although, why not both? That said, I wasn't sure I was ready for this yet but I can't let you have all the fun." She grasped the bottom of her tank and whipped it off, stuffing it into her bag. She flicked her exposed nipples with her finger a few times, her thighs pressing together as the waves of pleasure rolled over her. "This is wild. Yesterday barely anyone had seen my body. Then last night I was topless, stripped, and then came before the whole dorm. Then I exposed myself to 3 boys in the common room, touched myself for them before jerking a guy off and giving myself a facial. And now I'm going to spend the day topless."
"Wow. With your confidence and dominant personality we might end up with two harems in the dorm."
"Harem seems like a lot of work, I just like to play. That said, things are escalating quickly. You don't know how much I want to take off this skirt and join you. Or to get rid of all my tops and spend the rest of the semester walking around with my tits out. But for now I'll just start here although I think I'll join you in keeping my legs spread. We can give the professor two cute, wet pussies to look at." She lifted up her skirt to show Josie her bare mound beneath before dropping it back down. "Let's go to class. I'll help you pick out which boy that's going to have a great day today."