Introduction:
Another Mike and Linda fantasy, this time a collaboration; Mike added to the main theme and guided the way the tale developed. Mike loves to imagine his plain and motherly wife as a dirty cow, a cock monster and a fuck slut! He enjoys reading about how his wife weakens and falls for the desire she has for a big cock; and of course, he can be around to witness it all.
*
I was relieved when the coach pulled into the service area; I needed to piddle, a coffee and a stretch! After all the important stuff is sorted, I take my coffee outside, already relaxed from the strain of the cramped seat.
I stand feeling foolish, holding my coffee, looking for an empty table.
"Would you like to sit here?" The voice beside me spoke.
I look at the couple, fellow passengers on the "Passionate Gardeners" Coach trip.
Oh, Hi!, I nod at them, moving around to the spare seat at their table. They are a nice couple, attractive and young, in their thirties I guess, maybe older. I smile gratefully as I fiddle with the seat and coffee, afraid to kick the flimsy table.
"We needed this break, the man said," breaking the ice.
I was grateful to them, I felt alone here, at the service station, a lot more than when I was in the coach. I am alone, but I felt part of the atmosphere in the coach. I joined them this morning on the "Garden Circle Line", as the trip is sold. "The direct line to all gardens!" the adverts suggest. I am a keen gardener and photographer, so a long weekend of both is an attractive option.
"Don't trust the coach!" he went on, nodding at my camera strapped to my shoulder.
"I'm sure it'd be safe," I replied, "but I thought I might get a chance to take a few pics." I lied. I did not give it a thought that the coach might be secure.
"I'm Barry!" I declared, I joined this morning at Slough."
The man offered his hand. "I'm Mike and," nodding at the pretty woman, "my wife Linda."
Mike had a strong handshake, impressive and sincere. Linda took my hand in a gentle grip but looked into my eyes, smiling. I liked them instantly.
"Thanks for spotting me," I said, trying to keep the chat going. "I think I took the wrong seat in the coach. I am sat between two groups of people and they chatter over me."
"Yeah, we noticed." Mike said. "That guy chats all the time! Everyone on the coach knows about all of his trips..."
"You can sit with us if you like," Linda offered, going a little red, then "there is more legroom at the back.
"If you don't mind, I'd love to. I am suffering where I am at the moment. I may find it hard for another three days."
"Good idea!" Mike declared, "You can show me your camera!" He grinned at me.
"Mike is new to photography," Linda said. "This is the first time he has photographed gardens!"
I smiled back at them, trying not to crack the obvious joke about his previous subjects.
"Well, a camera helps you to see the world differently; all subjects become good image possibilities. Mike is expanding his range!" I suggested politely.
"Yeah, he does take good pictures though!" Linda finished. I shared Mike's pride as she said this, and enjoyed his stature change in response to her praise. Linda is an attractive woman, maybe approaching 40, but healthy and well shaped. In the sunshine, she has removed her thick woolly, which kept her warm this morning. I try not to gaze at her shape, but my eyes are attracted to her bust, her bra visible through the thin blouse.
I force my eyes to contact hers. "When did you guys join the trip?" I asked, trying too hard to let them see that I am not interested in ogling her nice shape.
"Do you have any pictures already?" Linda asked, ignoring my question, pointing to my camera as I placed it on the table.
"Yes!" I took some this morning as the sun rose. Near the river, the early mist floats over the surface, backlit by the rising sun. I have a collection of river pictures, always attractive and never the same."
I move next Linda and hand her the camera. She weighs it and declares, "This is heavier than mine!" I smile at her and point to the power button. While she holds it, I switch it on and after a few beeps, the last image appears on the review screen.
"WOW!" Linda said enthusiastically, nudging Mike with her elbow. We all crowd around her and view the scene. The image did look good, and I pointed at the button beside the screen that would bring up the sequence of images.
As we look at the screen, my eyes are attracted by the beautiful display of flesh, down Linda's blouse. Holding the camera with both hands, her blouse opened and I just could not stop myself glancing down at her delightful shape. I was afraid of offending them, as I do not feel that Linda would like this, so I chatter endlessly about the scenes I saw this morning, pretending to look at the camera, but I just could not look away from the delightful swell of her adorable breasts!
In a while, she handed the camera back to me and complimented my images.
"Well, a good camera helps," I said, truly thrilled at her compliments, "plus getting up early!"
Later, in the coach, we chatted endlessly about each other. Already, we have planned to eat together. The hotels are all booked on the circuit, so we will share time this evening, after visiting the only garden on today's list. I knew that this is going to be a great trip, and both of my new friends seem to be interested in photography!
...As I wait for my friends, I suddenly panic, afraid that they have sat somewhere else. It is ten past eight and I have drunk my glass of wine. I go to the service table and take another, not sure if I am allowed more than one. I don't care, I'll pay for it if I have to.
As I return to the table, my friends arrive.
"Sorry we're late Barry," Mike said smiling. "Linda did not have anything to wear!" He joked. Linda stabbed him with her elbow, smiling.
"Oh, it's ok," I said, "I've only just arrived!"
Mike looked at me and then to the empty glass. "Oh yeah, quick drinker?"
I grinned. "Let me get you guys a drink!" I said, happy to be with them again. "Wine?" I suggest, "Or fruit juice?"
"Wine!" was the stereophonic response, coming from both at once.
"My kind of people!" I declare to myself as I walk back again to the service table.
After more than an hour of polite chat about families, shopping, holidays and other personal subjects, we finish our meals and are left only with the small problem of a bottle of wine. In the next room, dance music starts attracting guest out of the dining room.
Throughout our meal, I couldn't stop gazing at Linda. With a few glasses of wine, I had a nagging feeling that my eyes give my interest away. Linda, however, does not show signs that she is being harassed.
She wears a pretty summer dress. With a low, square cut neckline, the thin material exposes her chest perfectly. During the meal, Linda often placed her arms on the table and leaned forward as I chatted, allowing me to see farther down her lovely top. Her breasts pushed together by her arms and the cloth of her dress pushed out, I could not help gazing at her beauty.
"We can dance darling, she said to her man, hugging his arm. I nodded at her. They are so much in love, I reckon, of course they should dance.
"I don't want to lose our wine!" Mike said as flimsy objection.
"I'll make sure the staff don't touch I said, urging him to dance with his lovely woman. "And I'll make sure I save you a drop!" I joke.
Linda tapped his ankles with her shoes as she moved to the side of her chair. Mike sighed and stood by the table, his hand ready for hers as she stood.
I watched them as they walked into the dark dance hall.
For 15 minutes they danced; during all of this time, I realised that I am becoming too attracted to Linda. "I am going to offend someone soon!" I warned myself. In my mind, I countered the sensible side of my head with an image of her body. Her cleavage, a stolen glimpse that I should not have enjoyed so much, her full shape, her pretty face and her attractive dress. Everything that is feminine is reflected in this woman's appearance tonight.
I am shocked to realise that I have a cool sensation on the tip of my tool. I know that I am lusting for her. I have that sensuous ache in my belly, making my cock leak its love for this woman. I go to the toilet and pee, surprised at how slowly it leaves me, hindered by the amount of clear love-liquid contained in my knob, probably all the way back to my balls!
When finished, I squeeze the rest from me, thrilling at the long stroke, aware that I am going to get a stiffy. I grin, really happy to admit that I am attracted to Linda. I turn around, checking that I am alone and place my tool over the hand-basin, and rinse the residue of my passion from my tip. Quickly, I dry it with my palm, and place it in my pants, zipping myself with wet hands.
I laugh at myself for getting into such a state. Cleverly, I dry my hands under the blower and direct the warm air down my trousers to remove the wetness. In a minute, I am dry, but the warm air simply makes me hard again.
"Fuck! If she saw me like this, she'd be rightly offended!" I thought to myself, full of pride, despite my insight. I stand in front of the mirror and gaze at my cock, sticking out from the leg of my trousers, the thin cloth unable to cover its aggressive passion. I just smile at the vision. If I had brought my camera into the restaurant, I'd take a picture of this, and let Linda discover it the next time she looked through my images!
I sit down again and sip my wine. I have made up my mind to slow down in case I stop thinking clearly and mistake the couples friendship for something more. After 20 minutes, they return, arm in arm, Linda hugging her man's waist. As they approach, she stretches up to him and kisses his face. "My Man!" She declares to me and him.
I smiled, really impressed by their affection for each other. I made a decision then, in a moment of clarity that I would be respectful from now on. No dumb ideas that my flirting would be welcome.
Linda sat again and grabbed her wine. "I'll dance with you later darling," she said to me, her hand on my forearm. "I need to rest."
"Oh Fuck!" I whisper under my breath, really excited at the prospect of dancing close to her. "I hope we do not have to Jive!" I curse.
Mike and Linda are coated in sweat; Linda waves a card beer mat over her face and teasing us, pulls out the top of her dress and fans air over her breasts. I glance again at her body, this time happy to let them see where I look.
"Lucky breeze!" I say to both, joking. They smile, not really amused.
"C'mon Honey!" Linda says to me, surprising me. She stands and holds her hand out.
I pretend to be reluctant. Luckily, my greedy stiffy has mellowed and I can hide it. I walk toward her and she heads to the dance floor again.
"Have fun!" Mike ordered as I left, grinning to me as he sipped his wine.
I grinned with evil intent as we stood together; the DJ played a soft track and I could grab Linda and hold her, moving slowly.
"Oh, that's better," she whispered to me. "I am still knackered!"
I laugh at her expression, which seems so out of place.
"I prefer this music," I said to her, not even sure what music it is. I stand close to her, but not touching, giving her some space, though inside, I wanted only to feel her body on mine, her lovely breasts on my chest, and her thighs on each side of my aching tool.
As the thought evolved in my head, so I pulled her gently closer. She sighed and allowed me to embrace her. Her hands rested on my waist, defensively, ready to push me away I felt, yet she seemed to melt into my arms.
I concentrate on the "melting" aspect of her body language and gently pull her closer. Now I do feel her lovely breasts on me and slowly, I let my cock rub against her lower belly. Gently, I move even closer and as my rod snuggles into her groin, she sighs softly. I glance down her chest and see her boobs push up and over the dress as I squeeze her to me. Our clothes are so thin, that we feel every detail.
In my head, I am aware that she can feel me as clearly as I feel her. I let my hips push into her and she sighs as the mass of firm flesh rubs over her lower body and thighs. Keeping me at bay with her hands, she sighs nevertheless as we send each other secret signals. I am desperate to touch her bottom, but I have to keep such a blatant gesture to myself. I am in heaven at this stage and I am happy to walk away with this memory of my time with this great couple. So I just hold her lovely, sensuous, feminine form for the few moments I have.
Soon, the tune fades and another comes on, faster, demanding a different response, but I hold her in the same way. We dance like this for a minute until she says that we have to go back.
I nod. "I know," I said, "I was hoping you wouldn't notice!"
She blushed, pleasantly, my heart melted at her innocence and I let out a long sigh, deliberately long, hoping that she'd know how much I want to remain with her.
Thrilling me, she reached up and kissed my face, just as she did with her man a few minutes ago.
"Can you just stand there a minute?" I ask, brave, full of confidence glancing down my body. I refer to my stiffy and she smiles happily. She stands there and I pretend to be in great discomfort, which makes her smile even more.
I thrill though, when she too looks down between us, taking in the clear detail of my prick pushing out again through my thin trousers. I look at her as she raises her face to look at me, smiling as she looks back between us once more.
"It is disgusting!" she whispered to me, her voice full of praise. "It is disgusting!" She declared again her voice far from offended by it.
I glance down too, it is even prouder now, and I see exactly what she does. I can't believe that we are gazing at my tool in the middle of the dance floor, the very day we first met! We exchange body signs, yet I know that this is where it ends.
"Thanks for being so generous to me!" I say to her, not sure if she will understand my unplanned phrase.
"I think you are the generous one!" She replied, equally vague, but we knew what we meant.
The track ended and we are still close, trying to hide my predicament. As people move about, I take the chance to handle it and twist it so that it points up; I place it under the belt of my trousers.
"Does that hurt?" Linda asked me full of interest.
No, it thrills me actually!" I answered, unable to credit that we are talking about my aching cock in the middle of the dance floor. I enjoy telling her how pleasant I feel in the hope that she realises that it is her alone that makes me feel so good.
"Of course she knows what is happening!" I say, in my head.
"I think you are beautiful!" I declare to her as she smiles at me.
"Thank you!" she declares accepting what I say; the perfect response.
"Let's go back then, I say, pleased that we were able to have this exchange. I hope it may mean something to her later, when she is safe and alone, to recall this affectionate but short interaction.
As I sit down again with Mike, I realise that I am sweating too. But not because of an active dance. As Linda sits with her man, kissing him with affection, I see too the passion in her face. She smiles at me but looks away quickly, focussing on the glasses on the table.
It's hot in there!" I said, lying my nuts off! Hoping that Mike does not notice our body language. He nods at me and looks at Linda. I see it all becoming clear to him, but he smiles at me.
"It depends on who you dance with I guess!" He said, knowingly but very subtle.
I feel unsure so I look away.
"You can have another dance later Barry!" He says, grinning at me when I turn back to him. He holds his wine glass and through his grin says, "Cheers!"
I feel unsure still. I know that he has guessed that I am attracted to his wife, and maybe we flirted on the dance floor; also, he is clearly not offended by this. What he does not appreciate is that given half a chance, I would bend his lovely woman over her chair, pull her wet panties to the side and bone her in front of everyone here!
I have to get a bit of space.
"I think I've drunk too much!" I admit to him. "I guess I should go for a stroll outside. I am so hot!"
"Do you want some company?" He asked.
"Don't be offended Mike, but no. I'm only going outside for a few minutes."
As I step into the dimming evening light, the cool air touches my brow and makes me feel better. All I can think about is Linda's warm, soft body next to mine. I imagine her shape in front of me as I lean on the handrail on the bar's Patio.
"FUCK! If I stay there, I'll wreck their marriage!" I state to myself, my head full of crude images of Linda and I naked in my room.
I walk away from the Patio and into the garden area, past some empty tables up to a large pond full of Carp and other ornamental fish. The dim lights shine on the fish allowing me to take my lust-filled mind away from Linda and the man she loves.
Later, I turn to face the hotel and gaze at a couple in their room. Lights on, curtains open, I see them walking up and down. The woman has a towel draped over her shoulder and I instantly think, "Shower!"
The couple do nothing like this; I see the corner of the door open and they leave, turning off the light. "Swimming!" I correct myself. I stroll slowly, grinning at my mentality at this stage. "What is happening to me?" I ask myself dramatically, as if I were an actor in a cheesy soap.
When I return, the table is clear and Mike and Linda have gone. I walk into the dance floor to see if they are there. Feeling a little lost but a little more relaxed, I conclude that they have gone to their room.
I go to the bar and buy a pint of lager; strong European bier. The taste is wonderful and it cools my burning belly. I look at the clock. I have been outside for over an hour!
"Fuck!, I curse myself again. "I have offended them after all!" I decide. Then I giggle at myself. They can live with that sort of brush. It could have been a lot worse! I grip my soft tool as I think about what I would have gladly done to Linda.
I sit in the corner alcove now and gaze at the other couples here. I do not know which ones are on the trip and which ones are ordinary guests. I gaze at some of the older ones. They are most likely to be on my trip.
Fed up with looking, I gaze into the clear liquid of my bier, lit from above by a red, dim light. I begin to feel good about the way the evening has turned out. I hope that I will still be welcome with them on the coach to our next garden visit.
I quietly analyse the evening, my behaviour and my friends. It is my ego that inspires this introspection, an ego that is seeking signs of closeness with Linda. I recall her response to me as I pulled her close, my lust for her obvious and pronounced!
I forget time as I collect all of the aspects of this evening that support my idea that Linda is attracted to me too. I do not give them any credence, they merely massage my ego for a while. I grin to myself and giggle as I imagine that Linda and Mike may be having the time of their lives, because of me setting her off! I suddenly get a graphic image of Linda, all innocence and modesty gone, laid naked on the bed urging Mike to cover her.
This image is quickly shattered however by a gentle voice.
"Are you still hot?" It is Linda.
I jump, and offer her a seat.
"Thanks," she says, sitting opposite me. She has a thin coat on, which she pulls around her body snugly.
"Have you been outside?" I ask, nodding at her coat.
"Yes!" I went outside to see if you had got lost. Only joking!" She finished off.
As I grin at her, she takes my bier and drinks from it.
"Thanks!" she said, smiling at her cheek.
"I'll get you one babe." I say letting my affection for her show.
"No!, if you don't mind, I'd like to have sip of yours."
"What's mine is yours!" I declare, using another cheesy phrase.
As she reaches for the glass, I see her coat open. Now I am shocked. I see no sign of any clothing. The coat opens a little, but enough for the dim light to illuminate her beautiful breasts and expose them to me.
"Help youself!" I say to her when she thanks me for sharing my bier. "Have some more!"
Linda smiles at me and whispers, "I shouldn't, it is strong anyway, we have some in our room. Why don't you allow Mike to buy you a drink?"
I nod, eager to join them again.
Brazenly, I ask "Did Mike send you to get me?"
She smiled at me, taking my bier again and repeating her show for me. "We both thought you deserve a drink!"
This is pretty plain, but I still feared the possibility of misunderstanding the signs.
I stood and took my glass from her as she stood too. I gulped the lot down and we turned to go the lift. I gazed at her and told her how much I enjoyed their company and that she is a beautiful woman.
"Thank you Barry, she whispered, confident now, not at all reseverd.
In the lift, I looked at our reflection in the brown tinted glass mirror. Without thinking, I pulled Linda to me, her back into my chest and showed her our reflection.
"You look so lovely!" I whispered to her.
"Mmmm" she sighed and fell onto my chest.
I reached around her and opened her coat. I gazed at last at her beautiful breasts, pale nipples that stood out for me. She wore panties; her grip-stockings make her body look so good. Better than the women on films, I decided. She showed signs of motherhood, but this simply enhances a woman's beauty.
Slowly, as we both watched, I placed my hands under her breasts, lifting them, feeling their weight and moulding them with my fingers. Linda is stunning! I kiss her neck and glance down over her shoulders directly at her breasts, their lovely shape rounded in my hands, nipples pointing in the air.
We both know that the doors could open at any time, yet we do not care. I kiss her neck and she strokes my greedy hands. As the lift made stopping noises, she wrapped her coat around her again, this time, tying the belt, the only form of fastening.
The doors open and we step out, respectable and dignified, despite our passion. Linda opens the room door with her swipecard and we enter. I see Mike on the veranda.
"Come on guys, have a drink!" He calls to us.
I follow Linda through the sliding doors and Mike gives us both a glass each.
"Cheers!" He says again, the same grin on his face as previously.
"Cheers," I reply, this time, I pull Linda close to me. "Thanks to Lin for finding me!"
"Lin is an angel!" he says moving close to us.
Mike stands next to his lovely wife and I prepare to let her shoulder go.
He pushes my hand to keep me there and copies my stance. Between us, Linda snuggles into her two males; both captivated and awed by her.
Bravely, I tug at her coat belt and she pulls it open. As I stare at Mike, she wriggles out of it and throws it through the door into the room, embracing us both again. Mike and I grin at each other. There is no need to discuss what is happening, and clearly, all parties are keen to proceed.
" I have to say Mike, that you have a beautiful wife!" I say this a s I look openly at her lovely, hanging breasts, nipples solid in the cool air. The light above illuminates us and I thrill at the thought that someone like myself earlier, in the garden, might be able to see us. The idea that we are 22 stories high, does not affect my vision; I just thrill at the thought of exposing this lovely woman the way we are doing now.
As soon as we embrace the half naked beauty, she places her arms around us. I look at her breasts again, the focus of my attention since we first met. I would never have thought that I might ever see them, let alone touch them and later, maybe even wank over them
I take the lead and undo my shirt. As soon as it is off, Mike does the same and I undo the buckle of my belt. I am thrilled as Linda slaps my hand, making me stop, then takes over.
Slowly, she undoes the zip, looking up to me as she does so, ginning, reminding me of our dance earlier. My cock is hard again, but not as solid as it was then. Linda pushes the cloth down my legs to crumble in a heap around my feet. I cannot move though, so I just stand there, the evening air caressing my legs.
Standing, Linda moves to my side and cups my cock, still held in my pants. Her palm burns my flesh as she teases me, enjoying the hard feeling of my fellah. I gasp again, this time, because I have forgotten to breathe. The air gushes from me and I hold her shoulders to keep her there.
Mike now moves away a little and I watch him as he steps back into the room. I quickly forget him as I reach under Linda and cup her amazing breasts. As she bends before me, cupping my rod, I feel the fullness of her boobs as they drop away from her chest. Nipples thrill my palm and her firm softness fills my head with love and passion.
I let out a loud sigh of desire as she pulls away the waistband of my pants and peers into them, lifting out my tool, carefully and delicately. As it comes into view, she pushes the pants away, down my thighs. The cool air tingles over my cock and my balls making me gasp with pleasure. I feel proud of my huge prick, in this lovely woman's hand and anyone might be watching us! Suddenly, a flash goes off. It is Mike with his camera. I glance at him, not bothered by it at all, but aware that it might actually attract attention from outside the hotel. I just can't stop to let it bother me. Mike moves a chair out of his way and kneels before us as Linda faces him, my prick so close to her pretty face.
Cleverly, Linda reaches down and removes my pants from my thighs. Her face is an inch from my prick and her breath warms my balls as she fiddles with my clothing. I step out of the tangled clothes and she throws them on the seat behind me. Now, she crouches on her feet, knees bent in front of me.
She looks up to me and grins again, as she did in the dance floor. As she does this, Mike takes another picture. The light burns an image in my eyes and for a few seconds, I see her face and my prick, just an inch apart, her tongue coming out of her mouth. In the image, I see the slippery goo oozing again from my cockhead.
Softely, Linda holds my cock and gently stokes it. Mike takes more pictures but I ignore him. I can only see this amazing woman as she adores my prick. In her clever hand, the rod stiffens and jerks in powerful spasms. Clear mess dribbles from the tube as she strokes it crudely for the camera. I watch her tongue slide under the helmet to gather up the dripping liquid, and the camera flashes once more.
Suddenly, Linda wraps her mouth over the head of my cock and playfully flicks her tongue over it. She cleverly slides her tongue under my helmet, teasing my skin back to expose the most sensitive part of my knob. I shudder as she flicks her tongue over it. In her throat, she moans, sending a million thrills through the length of meat, into my balls. I'd love to fill her mouth now!
More flashes go off and I see that Mike is engrossed in making a record of this evening. I will have to have a copy of some of these pictures. I see Linda pose and grip her breasts as she sucks on my meat. Mike takes several images of this crude show, put on just for the camera.
Linda stops now, and grabs my hands.
"Pull me up darling!" she orders, and I do, feeling aware that her knees might be cramped. She stands in front of me and grins. "Mmmm, you have a lovely cock! Are you ok with the camera?"
I nod, I don't care if she had a film crew here, all I want is to get intimate with her lovely body.
"Make love with me!" she ordered, wrapping her arms around my neck. I feel her cool breasts on my chest, nipples solid. I grab her shoulders and twist her around. I turn her to face the night and move her toward the veranda barrier. She shivers as I push her closer, suddenly aware perhaps that she is in the open. I don't care, I want to devour this beauty and let everyone see me.
Linda pushes back into my chest, this time defensively, but I reach around and grip her lovely tits. I lift again and squeeze the solid tips making her gasp with pain or pleasure. As I squeeze her tits, I let my left hand slide down to her panties. Flimsy and loose, my fingers slip easily under the waistband. Trimmed, with just a few hairs around her mound, I crudely explore her female flesh.
She sighs again and relaxes into me as I touch her. Soaked and slippery, her lips part for me and I am treated to her most intimate sex. I push her forward and she grips the handrail with both hands as I pull her ass toward me, kneeling behind her.
Sensing some great images, Mike continues snapping as we loose ourselves. I remove her panties, slipping them down her legs to her shoes. I see the lovely line of wetness in the black material. Before me now, the delight of delights, her ass. I stop and gaze at this amazing woman, and sigh loudly to let her know that I am in love with her body.
Stroking her flesh, I fill my palms with her buttocks, enjoying the shape of her flesh with my delicate exploring caress. She gasps too, and looks back at me as Mike films us. As she sighs at me, I pull her cheeks apart. I see her tiny bum and her lovely pussy lips, open now, swollen and dribbling in the night air. I move closer and can't stop myself from kissing her butt. My hand moves between her thighs, parting them more and cupping her cool fanny lips. My tongue has to pay tribute to her beautiful bottom, taking liberties in a way possible only with such passion and lust.
Linda gasps louder now, and falls forward resting her shoulders on the handrail, pushing her ass out to greet my kisses. Mike takes a hundred pictures I feel, but I do not care. I taste Linda's bottom and tease her crudely with my tongue. With my hand, I tease her clit, wrapped in the hot folds of her lips, pushed open both by me and her swollen state. As soon as I touch her button, she shudders and moans. It takes maybe 10 seconds to bring her to a beautiful climax. Her pussy quivers and tingles in my hand and I push my mouth over her hole, leaving her ass. I taste her sex, the sweetness of her excitement as she delivers for me, straight into my throat.
I get so much juice from her that I have to swallow twice. In my throat, I taste her body, the lovely subtle taste of passion, musky, only perceived in the back of my throat. Linda moans as her legs collapse. She rests on her haunches, her arms still on the rails for support, and her breathing coming in long gasps.
I pull her gently, so that she may sit on my thighs, She does this and instantly turns her body to wrap her arms around my neck for support. We stay like this as she gasps for breath, her body hot with sweat and desire. Mike moves around us and takes a few more images of this stage of our game.
Maybe three minutes pass and Linda climbs onto her feet again. I am relieved and stand up too. I reach for her hand and she steps close to me, allowing me to embrace her.
"That is so beautiful!" I say to her full of sincerity. She rests in my arms, almost like a child, breathing full and fast, her palm on my chest. I pull her to me and she sighs, then starts to giggle.
"WOW!" She says to Mike. "This is too much!" I hold her close to me as she gathers herself. I thrill when she pulls herself up and kisses my face again, as she did downstairs.
Linda grabs my hand and stepping from me, picks up her glass of wine and leads me back into their room. Inside, she takes a sip and gives me the glass. As I sip it, she pulls me close and whispers loudly, for her man to hear,
"I'm going to fuck you Barry!"
I thrilled at the words and look at Mike. My cock had softened a little yet my passion is still high. I am so pleased that I was able to give her such a thrill, fearing that I might cum as soon as she touched me. I sip more of the wine and grin at Mike as he took another picture of Linda and I.
I need to go to the toilet and as I close the door, I see Mike and Linda step close. Linda wraps her arms about her man affectionately. I was so pleased to be a part of their pleasant night. I sat on the toilet, knowing that my pee would go all over the place if I stood. When finished, I wash my slippery tool in the sink and dry it before entering the room to be greeted by Mike and Linda for the next part of their show...
Mike's impressions:
My mind struggled to keep up with what I was watching, my camera hot in my hand as I framed a shot then pressed the button to capture it for ever on the small LCD screen. Unbelievably seeing my wife through the lens gave a sort of detachment to the events as they unfolded, her standing naked except for her stockings with another man whose hands were stroking her sides as they kissed. Kissing with such gentleness yet passionate too the intimacy of the scene was so strong I could taste it in my mouth. I was dry from excitement as I gulped another drink trying to remain calm as my own excitement grew engulfing my entire body causing a wave of intense pleasure to course through me.
Barry was glowing as his eyes feasted on Linda's near nakedness, her nipples hard and erect as he gazed at her , his hands reaching out and gently stroking her swollen buds, the release of the pent up excitement causing Linda to close her eyes as the tingles spread from her sensitive nipples to her now damp pussy. I had watched as he kissed my wife, no feelings of jealousy at all, but one of supreme pride that another man had found my wife so attractive and that she was now enjoying his attention to the full. I saw her arms round his neck as they kissed , knowing how that felt , her willing mouth open to accept the probing of his tongue. Her submission almost complete as she gave herself to Barry, his kisses were long and softly passionate as he took the time with my wife to excite, arouse and enjoy her. She was responding to his touches as I could see through the viewfinder her eagerness now accelerating and the need to feel more increasingly apparent.
I watched as Barrys hands cupped Linda's breasts supporting them as his thumbs toyed with her nipples, he was offering her tits for all to see as they stood on the balcony. Pressed close behind her I knew he was rubbing his cock against her, Linda wriggled in his arms as the cool night air coursed over her swollen nipples; her ass grinding into his hardness. As Barry removed her panties I gasped as I realised this was the point of no return, having seen them fall to the floor and Linda step out of them I saw a beautiful woman about to become fulfilled.
Barry's eyes were wide with excitement and lust as he knew my wife was stripped for his pleasure, neither of us could have foreseen this a few hours ago but we had decided that we would no longer just watch as life passed , we were going to get involved and enjoy the moment.
After Barry had used his tongue on Linda's pussy licking her tight hole and slit from behind as she had propped herself up on the balcony railings, I realised what she had been missing all these years, she was a vibrant woman who needed the attentions of other men to enjoy her, please her and most of all satisfy her in ways I could not. Hearing my wife cum as Barry licked and teased her pussy expertly was wonderful, my mind replaying the images over and over as I captured more on the camera, the sounds were incredible, soft moans and wet licking and sucking noises as both their arousal reached fever pitch. Barry, mature and confident, knew exactly how to please a woman and he was slowly arousing Linda to a height of passion she had never felt before, her face flushed with excitement as her pussy throbbed and pulsed again, not satisfying but making her yearn for more.
I watched as Linda led him back into the apartment holding his hand as she stood before him in her stockings and heels, his nakedness a stark contrast to hers, his thick cock standing proud as he kissed her again. I could see the clear fluid leaking from the head as Linda reached down and stroked the thick shaft, rubbing the pre cum over the head. Barry held her and stroked her sides before rubbing her ass, gripping her tightly as he took possession of my wife.
Slowly they moved to the large bed, the lights dimmed and the atmosphere heavy with sex and the excitement of what was to come. Their mouths locked together as they slid onto the bed, Linda on her back as Barry lay beside her his hands alternating between her nipples and her pussy. Seeing his fingers stroking Linda's clit through the lens again gave an air of surrealism to what was happening, although not conscious I was taking less pictures as I became enthralled by the scene in front of me. I watched as Barry's thick fingers worked on my wife's pussy , occasionally dipping in before rubbing her juice all over her lips again. I knew how her pussy felt when I did that to her and how she would wriggle to get the eager fingers in deeper too. I watched as her hips moved in an attempt to get more penetration. Barry resisted this and kept teasing her slowly bringing her to that sexual height where she would eagerly take him inside her.
Their kisses became more urgent as Linda started to moan , Barry kept his fingers wet with her pussy juice, his mouth covering her erect nipples licking, sucking and nibbling on them as Linda pushed her tits to him offering Barry her nipples holding his head as he devoured her. Her hand gripping Barry's cock, working it up and down, feeling him swelling as his excitement grew in time with hers, she was getting anxious to feel that thick cock inside her I could tell that. Barry's mouth covered hers again and I watched as he shifted on the bed his cock hard and stiff now as without unlocking their mouths he slid over Linda's thighs and positioned himself between her legs. I could not see her pussy or his cock now but I knew he was at her entrance.
They kissed and whispered to each other as he shuffled closer to her , legs being spread wider as I saw his back leaning over my wife. They kissed and more murmurings as he shuffled again, I could see Linda's legs straighten a little, then a moan escaped her mouth.. I watched as I saw Barry's buttocks clench as he eased his hips forward, his cock was at last entering my wife's willing pussy!. Another moan as Barry slid all the way into my wife, then he leaned down and kissed her deeply, they kissed for a couple of minutes without him moving, a truly erotic sight.
I watched as Barry started to move his cock slowly in and out of my wife's pussy, her arms wrapped round him as it to make sure he stayed inside. Their fucking increased in tempo, and soon the wet sex noises from their coupling filled the air, I held my camera absent mindedly as I watched, my hand clammy as I tried to frame and then take another pic. My free hand was stroking my cock as I watched Barry making love to my wife, he wasn't just fucking her he was making her feel so good about being fucked she was eager and wanton, she looked gorgeous too. As his fucking increased I could see his shaft wet from their combined juices as it slid in and out, the sweat was running down his back now as they held each other kissing and fucking all thoughts of me being there were gone now.
The kissing intensified as did the whisperings between them as they enjoyed each others bodies, a truly erotic sight, the sounds filling my head as I stroked my cock, Barry was so much bigger than mine easily thicker and I knew Linda was loving every inch of it too.
As they neared climax I could see Barry was thrusting ever deeper into my wife, his buttocks clenching at the end of each stroke, Linda's moans became louder, more urgent, her arms pulling him to her as her legs wrapped round him not wanting him to slide out. I watched as their movements slowed as they approached a joint orgasm. In a final flurry Barry's strokes became more agitated as he rammed in deeper and faster ,Linda's moans now filled the room as he slammed in deep and held his cock in her. Her orgasm triggered by the sudden pulsing from his thick cock, the spurts of cum flooding her cervix, washing her inner pussy cooling the pulsating slit, filling her as her throbbing matched his.
I saw them collapse together in what must have been a mutual shared orgasm of epic proportions. Barry laid on top of Linda, breathing heavily the sweat running over them both as I sat my camera in one hand and my exploded cock in the other. They lay like that for several minutes not moving, it seemed wrong to say anything or intruded in this intimate scene, I could still see Barry's cock firmly lodged in Linda's pussy, some spunk leaking round his shaft as they lay together. His cock showed no signs of shrinking or slipping out, I quietly got up and went to the bathroom to clean up.
Linda is still naked, apart from her sexy stockings. Mike holds her affectionately; I see clearly, that the mood is mellow and friendly. I feel a little shy as I approach them, still naked. My cock is half-hard and bends down in front of me, struggling to hold its own weight. I imagine that it looks good, large and tempting.
Linda passes me the glass again, refilled with fine red wine. I see that my first glass is still on the veranda. Ignoring it, I sip the wine and Linda looks to me, touching my forearm with her palm.
"Are you ok Barry?" She asked, her voice full of sincerity.
"I've never felt better guys!" I answer both of them.
Linda grinned at her man, full of confidence.
"Good! I'm still going to fuck you!" She went on, very serious. Her words simply thrilled my head, making me gag with delight. As I sip the wine, struggling to maintain calm, she kisses her man and pushes him away, in a gentle, yet dismissive gesture. I felt ok about it and so did Mike, as he simply picked up the camera again and moved away.
She took my hand and led me to the large bed. It was undisturbed and looked luxurious. Linda did not pull back the silk duvet, but leant forward sliding her hands on the cover moving onto the bed. I gazed at her breasts again, hanging in the air now, teasing my appreciative eyes.
I smooth the cover too, as Linda flops down onto it, enjoying the luxury feel of it. It did feel so sexy and smooth, but I am more interested in the shape of this lovely woman. I watch her as she spreads her body over the duvet, trying to feel its entire surface. Suddenly, she rolls over on her back and spreads her arms; raising one leg and sliding her foot on the cover, in line with her other leg.
I thrilled at her sensual display, and wait for Mike to take a picture, but nothing happens. I decide not to rush things, to give him a chance to get going. As I stand with my hands on the bed, I move around to change my view of her naked form. I love the way her tits stick up, her nipples pointing straight into the air.
I put one knee on the bed and move closer. She looks at me and grins, aware that she looks divine. I try to let her see the love in my eyes as I adore her, and she wriggles beneath me on the bed, sensually, excited and controlled.
As I gaze at her, she poses, as if she were a model but she does it naturally. I can even feel the sensation she has as she lays on the bed, the soft silk feeling on her back and legs, the warmth of the evening air, the mood between us and the sexy ache in her belly. I will do nothing to inhibit this free and erotic display.
Suddenly, the flash fires; I glance at Mike, his face red and a look of desire making his eyes fuzzy. Barely able to use the camera, he responds to the urgent need he has to record this amazing scene. He takes another, as Linda looks away from him, making the image even more natural looking.
As Mike takes more images, she reaches out to me. I move closer and lay on my belly beside her. The duvet does feel so sensuous, so exciting that I too spread my arms out, to enjoy the feel of the cool surface.
Linda and I look at each other as we slide over the cover, as if we were in a shallow swimming pool, just moving about in small circles. Suddenly, Linda grabs my hand and urges me closer. I roll over and lie next to her. In my head, I feel the excitement of what is to come, but I also feel no hurry. The longer we play this, the more pleasant it will be.
Linda raises her body beside me, and smiles at Mike, who takes more images. I watch her as she looks at my body. Between my legs, my cock is showing signs of interest, still bent, but growing. I feel proud to watch her as she gazes at it. Bending forward, aware of Mike's need to take images. She carefully hovers over my tool. She is so close to it, I can feel her warm breath on me.
I love this feeling. I can feel her mouth on me, yet she is only posing for her man. I watch as he uses the zoom, closing on her face and my tool. Acting like a tart, Linda lifts my rod and grins at it, ignoring the flashes from the camera. I can't see it but I feel her tongue flit over my cock, more sticky mess oozing from me.
Mike slows us at this stage, and I feel confident that he is taking careful shots of us, getting focus and composition right. My cock jerks in her clever hands and her tongue gets more adventurous, I feel the skin flip back now, as my rod stiffens, not because she licks it back, but because it has swollen to solid hardness.
Linda shocks me now; as she takes my cock in her mouth, the burning sensation makes me gasp with an intense passion. My long held frustration, amplified the feeling of her mouth on me, I almost faint with pleasure. I do not move, if I did, I may cum. I relax and enjoy her mouth, so feminine, so eager and so loving.
I try to feel this from a distance; as if I were a voyeur, not directly connected, afraid to allow my passion to increase. Linda too seems to sense this, and allows only her tongue to caress my helmet, sliding down the shaft and humming a tuneless song, teasing and patient.
Mike steps back a little, and Linda lays back on the bed and joins me.
"You have a lovely cock Barry!" she smiles at me. "It is so big. How do you get it so large?"
I smile at her, I don't know how it gets so large!
"You alone make it so large darling!" I say to her, making her laugh!
"Oh you are a clever dude!" She said, using Hollywood language. "I don't care, I love it!"
She rolls over onto me, covering my chest with hers, her legs to my side. Considering our passion, we are very calm. I rub my finger through her hair and pull it to my face, breathing in her clean smell. I caress her back, up to her shoulders and enjoy the closeness of her. She looks at me, face serious now. I want to kiss her. Reaching up the few millimetres that separate us, I touch her lips with mine.
I want to kiss so much, but I am aware that it is so affectionate and could be out of place. Linda soon removes my fears as her mouth opens and she touches my lips with her tongue. I can feel my own sticky goo on her tongue and her lips and in my throat, I can taste it. The sensation gives my lust a sudden rush and I pull her head down, to kiss her fully.
I thrill as she melts onto me, her kisses full and passionate. I tangle my fingers in her lovely soft hair, pulling from each side of her bob, to trap her mouth on mine. Behind us, Mike takes more images, recognising the passion we are sharing. I ignore him, not disrespectful, but too deep in passion.
Linda puts her hands on my neck, the best she can and returns my affection. Our kiss is untamed and powerful. I cannot stop this, even as Linda lays back. I follow her and as she spreads herself again on the duvet, I just want to kiss.
I glance down her naked flesh as she wriggles sensuously on the cover, her legs parting now as her desire grows. I still wish to make things last but her movements invite me to cover her. I do, but in my head, I determine that I will not fuck her yet.
She gasps into my mouth as I raise my legs over hers. She flits her fingers over my face in a gesture, guiding me, urging me, demanding that I fill her. I kneel now, between her eager legs. I feel her hips moving up and down in a crude, unmistakable gesture, but I remain over her.
As she settles, I am aware that my prick points straight at her hole. My chest crushes her, but my ass is high in the air. I can feel the heat from her slippery slit and I know that I can slip into her so easily. She kisses me and mumbles sounds in my ear.
"Fuck me darling!" I hear among other indistinct sounds. I mumble back to her, in the same inarticulate language that we both seem to understand. She reaches down between us and grips my cock, finger tips only slide along the length of it, urging me into her.
I whisper to her as she sighs moans and mumbles to me.
"My cock is so close to you darling!" I moan directly into her ear. I keep it so quiet as I do not want Mike to hear. I wish to fuck her slyly, as if Mike would never know!
Beneath me, Linda sighs in my ear, her breath hot and exciting. Her fingers flit along my shaft making me tingle and throb. I know that she can feel my helmet so close to her slit and her fingers urge me into her, pulling me closer. I tease her by lowering down on her, and shudder as we touch. Her fingers hold me so that my dick touches her entrance. I want her to rub my cock along her slit, so that I can thrill at her heat, but she guides me onto her tiny hole.
I have little choice now, all I want is to fill her. I allow my weight to push my dick into her and she gasps loudly in my ear. I thrill at the burning heat of this amazing woman as she sears my shaft with her passion. I try to stop but can only do this for a few seconds. Now, my hips take over and I gasp as they move on their own, forcing the entire length into her gripping hole.
I am deep inside her and she pulls my head close to hers. We kiss for a second when she blows into my mouth as she lets out a long sigh. I feel her shudder under me, her hips shaking in response to my deep penetration. I lower my entire body weight on her as I pin her beneath me; thrilling at the amazing sensation I get just by being in her.
We kiss and blow into each other, sigh and mumble affection and lust. I raise my right leg over hers and nudge her, forcing her leg inside. I do the same with my other leg and, almost reluctant, force her legs closed. With a thrilling shock, we look into each others eyes as we feel this strange sensation.
My solid tool is so deep inside her, that as she clamps my balls, her hole ripples in tiny tremors on my meat. I just wish to lay on her and let the feelings fill our minds. I push my hips only slightly, yet I feel her fannylips grip my shaft; my bone crushing gently her little button, like a tiny pin piercing my skin.
As we lay like this, I slide my feet along her calves, gently closing her legs onto me, trapping me in her honeypot. Now, I take some of my weight and rest on my elbows. I look at her and she smiles, completely relaxed.
"I love your body darling!" say truthfully. "I can feel every part of your pussy!"
She gasps, and I feel powerful with my words.
I make my prick jerk in her and she sighs. I grin at her as she looks at me, lost, almost in pain. Perfectly still, yet my cock thrashes around inside her. I feel her tube rippling over me as I throb and buck in her tightness.
She cries at me and I breathe in all of her breath, keeping all I can get from this lovely woman. I smile as I tell her crude and loving phrases.
"Grip my prick!" I urge her and she gasps as she obeys me, thrilling at the response in her belly.
Clamp your legs babes!" I urge her also, and she shudders as she does this to me, my cock so large inside her. I feel her thighs on my balls, hurting but thrilling me. I do not try to move as our bodies are so tense and highly stressed, but I wriggle my groin on hers rubbing her sensitive clit. I feel her shudder as tiny thrills ripple through her. As her thighs grip me, so her muscles generate an intense sensation in her sex. She grips my face in both hands in a strange but meaningful expression of desire.
I raise myself again, so that I can look down on her. Her face is bright red and wet with sweat and she looks beautiful. We look into each others eyes openly and without intimidation. We exchange deep love and affection as we experience our bodies in our love embrace.
Grinning at me, Linda tightens her hole and I feel her shudder over me, trembling. I respond with a strong jerk, and my tool swells in her tiny body. We give each other signals like this as we concentrate on the sensation given to us simply by our bodies interacting together.
Strangely, and suddenly, Linda forces her legs apart and I feel the cool air on my soaking wet balls. I suddenly feel the urge to fuck this beauty, and I allow her legs to pass under mine. I take my weight as she wraps her legs around me and digs my back with her nails. I feel them slip on my wet skin down to my buttocks.
Crudely now, as we start to fuck, she grips my ass in each hand, nails digging between my cheeks, urging me it fuck her. I withdraw my tool slowly, enjoying the sensation of her tightness and thrill as I see more flashes. I know that Mike will love these pics when he sits with Linda later and enjoys the memories of tonight.
Guiding me with her nails, Linda starts to fuck me, her hips moving up as I fall on her, my shaft digging so deep in her greedy hole, making sloppy sounds as we allow air in her. I withdraw completely and let the cool air over my steaming tool before pushing into her again.
Suddenly, Linda pushes up to me, almost lifting me from the bed. I feel her slit quivering over my cock as she cums for me again. I ride on her, enjoying her power as she climaxes. My prick seems to grow as she smothers me with her love, dripping even, over my hanging balls, making a slapping noise as I bang them against her buttocks.
I try to stop, but her actions are too much for me to fight. Instantly, my balls unload and I am ready to fill her with my passionate seed. I let go of control and let things happen. Pushing into her, my belly shudders over her quivering slit as we both explode with our lust and love.
I feel my delivery blast from me; deep in her womb, the seed splashes her inner belly and makes her tremble with pain and passion. Liquid slurps from her beautiful slit, both mine and hers as we slam like animals at each other. Suddenly, we both let out a long, slow groan of wild emotion as our bodies merge into a single beast of desire.
Slowly, our bodies blend again into a loving bundle, laid on the bed. We both gasp our breath, this time trying to breathe rather than signal our love and lust. I fall on her and she grips my back, pulling me entirely over her. Her ankles wrap around my legs, trapping me, as if I might wish to leave her.
We lay like this for many minutes, until the heat of our bodies forces us to part. I roll over on my side and grip her hand, Mike moving close to us, his cock in hand, solid and bursting. I nod to him, looking at his beautiful wife's belly and sticky thighs. With a loud gasp, he spurts his spunk high in the air, shooting from the bedside to her tits and belly. He strokes fast, making his mess spurt for large distances, some on the duvet but most on his loving wife, who reaches for him as he dribbles his passion on the bed.
I try to mile at him, to show him that his response is good, but I just grimace; unable to move I relax and allow the residual emotion and passion to ripple through my body and mind. Linda reaches me and slides her hand over my chest in a love gesture that promised more pleasure.
...Looking at Linda lying on the large bed , her belly and tits covered in my streaky spurts of cum, her nipples wet and still standing proud as Barry lay beside her his arm under her head as they cuddled up after their lovemaking. Her face flushed with the excitement of the evenings events, a look of satisfaction and serenity covering her, an arm across Barry's chest I captured on film her looking up at him as they kiss gently a wonderfully tender pic that tells the story.
I went for the second time that night to the bathroom to clean up, I looked in the mirror seeing my face flushed like Linda's , my cock still hard yet oozing my own cum, my excitement still obvious. My mind flooding with the images of my wife and her lover who even now were lying in our bed enjoying the aftermath of a very erotic lovemaking session.
This was our first time, we had fantasised about it many times over the years but now we had taken that bold step, one that we never really thought would ever happen only in our fantasies. I now had my mind reeling with the images of Linda and Barry making love not once but twice so far, when earlier today we were still virgins at this. Barry had been in the right place at the right time, and after our initial chat on the coach we had both felt very relaxed with him, but there was no indication of what was to come until Linda had had a few drinks and then danced with him. The look on her face when they returned was a picture, she told me he had gotten aroused as they danced and that after initially backing away from him she found herself becoming closer and pressed back against him feeling his hardening cock. When she remarked to me what had happened I could see she was aroused and asked if she wanted to go further, whether it was the wine or the atmosphere or Barry I am not sure but she nodded and we both knew this was the right time to go for it.
Seeing Linda relaxing with Barry who was to be her lover that night was truly exciting, watching as she pulled him close as they danced, his hands on her hips I could see he was rubbing his cock into her pussy mound. Knowing he was getting horny added to the ache in my stomach one of anticipation, excitement and nerves wondering how it would go if this would indeed be the night.
Standing in the bathroom naked, I look down and see my cock stiffening again, the images were getting me hot. I flicked the light off and went back to the bedroom, on the bed Barry and Linda were kissing again, I could see her hand was stroking his thick cock slowly, there was no rushing this time.
I sat back and watched as my wife kissed her new lover tenderly now, her mouth opening to accept his tongue, their lips wrestling each other as their tongues wrapped, probing and tasting each other. The initial lust filled passion subsiding now and replaced by a heightened state that made them oblivious to my presence now. This was intimate and not for the camera, my own emotions so heightened now, seeing the woman I love releasing her inner self as she enjoys the pleasures offered by another man, no guilt or jealousy just pure pleasure.
...Linda slid over Barry now her hands on his shoulders as she straddles him, I can see her wet pussy her lips puffed and reddened, her slit wet as she hovers over his slowly stiffening cock. Barry's hands appear on her hips guiding her to his cock , slowly she moves over the head as it stands angrily pointing upwards now. In a slow movement Linda leans down as they kiss deeply, passionately , her hips easing ever downward , Barry's cock touching her sex now. As they kiss her pussy lips part to accept the head of his cock, with a slight move of his hips Barry enters her again, his thick shaft slipping easily in my wife's willing pussy. He holds his cock inside still for a few moments as she wriggles on it taking it so deep now I see his balls squashed against her ass now as she straightens her back holding his hands she starts to ride him.
Her knees bent outside his legs as he gently, playfully thrusts into her, each slow thrust forcing out a little moan from Linda, her eyes closed she rides this thick cock inside her, her hips gyrating slightly as she works on his cock. The wet fucking noises are soon joined by mutual moans of pleasure and the muttered whispers of lovers fucking. I am strangely thrilled by the realisation that Linda has never fucked with me in this manner!
"Fuck me Barry" Linda gasps as she bounces on his shaft.
Barry's hands gripping her hips tighter now as he pushes himself deep into my wife, impaling her on his cock his stamina was amazing as was hers she had never been fucked 3 times in succession before and I could never manage that myself. Barry expertly fucked my wife as I watched as he brought her to another orgasm, his hands on her tits squeezing them and sucking on her enlarged nipples made her explode over his cock.
The room filled with their moans and the air heavy with sex as they fucked each other eagerly as if not wanting it to end but as Barry's thrusts became more urgent Linda's moans became louder I could feel they were building to a mutual climax.
Barry rolled Linda onto her back, now her thighs spread wide as he pounded away at her pussy, holding her hands and pinning her to the bed she was now being fucked by a real expert. His hips gyrating as he fucked every part of her wet tube, her moans covered by his mouth as he kissed her lustfully, their whispered murmurings louder now as she begged him to fuck her hard.
"Fuck me Barry, yes that's it fuck me hard"
"Take it you hot bitch" as he slammed harder into her .
Then as if a switch were thrown he leaned down and Linda threw her arms round his neck their kiss coupled with their orgasm, she moaned into his mouth as she throbbed all round his pulsating shaft, their kiss wet and passionate as they rocked together. Barry's balls tight to her pussy as he emptied them into her, his shaft twitching and spurting adding to her climax. They lay together again enjoying the throes of the orgasm.
I wondered how we would all react and maybe top this in the morning......
...this trip was turning out to be a really good one.