On what had started out as a dull and uneventful Monday morning, and a week and a half after returning from my Grand's, an email with an unrecognised email address plopped into my inbox. Penny MacGregor was arranging a school reunion.
I did well at school, but I can't say it was the most enjoyable time of my life. When you're shy and not too self-assured, you tend to prefer to fade into the background a bit. That was my path anyway. I had friends, of course, there were 5 of us who would get together at break time, lunchtime etc. but all 5 of us were happy to not be part of the 'in crowd', the 'cool' set.
Penny MacGregor was one of those destined from day one to be a school prefect, and in our last year, 'Head girl'. Everyone liked Penny. She was in the 'cool set'.
I found school life pretty tedious, to be honest. I did my best while I was there, but sometimes sitting in dinghy classrooms, listening to grey and dusty old teachers' wittering on about subjects that didn't hold any interest for me, well it all seemed a bit of a waste of time.
Although I left only last year, I'm 18, do I really need to be reminded so soon after? So a school reunion? Umm, no thanks.
Now this may sound unbelievable that such a coincidence could possibly occur, but believe me, it really did.
Two days after receiving that 'school reunion' email, I was out shopping, I needed a new pair of jeans and some new underwear.
After an hour of shopping, and with underwear already bought from another shop, two bras and two packs of 3 panties, to be honest, I was over looking for the right jeans, I was after Levis Lapis Maui 311's and could I find a pair anywhere? No!
Sometimes when I'm focused on something like shopping, anything that's happening around me doesn't really register. The building could be falling down around my ears and I'd probably still be feeling the texture of the cloth or looking at the label for washing instructions.
Out the corner of my eye, however, whilst looking at what felt like the 100th Levi label that morning, I saw a man in a wheelchair trying to navigate between racks. I instantly recognised my old French teacher Mr Thomas. What a coincidence, I hadn't thought about school for months and months, and then just days after getting that school reunion email, there was Mr Thomas.
And it was like a double-take for both of us, that moment when you see someone, turn away then your mind in a split second has recalculated and straight away you look again, and it seemed to be the same for him too.
"Emily Harrison, well as I live and breathe."
"Wow, hello Mr Thomas, I never imagined I'd bump into you again, and certainly not in a women's clothing shop." And we both laughed.
"This is my first foray into buying clothes for a female Emily, I think I need help big time."
It was lovely seeing Mr Thomas again, of the few teachers I liked; he was one of the nicest. He always looked old, a full head of white hair, glasses, quite an old-looking face and that dusty academic look about him. He had always been in a wheelchair as my teacher, and despite speculations, no one ever knew why.
Maybe that was a reason why he was so well-liked, he never posed a threat, and he was always very approachable too.
On cross-examination, he revealed that he was attempting to buy a pair of jeans for his Granddaughter for her 16th birthday. Apparently, they lived out in Canada, so a pair of jeans bought in the UK, would go down really well with her school friends.
"I've got my instructions," he said, "her mother emailed me the size and a number and some other gobbledygook, but to be honest, I haven't a clue."
"Well if you need a hand, I'd be happy to help," I said, and I was too. I had no plans for the morning apart from shopping, so helping Mr Thomas was a small price to pay for all the effort he put in trying to teach me, French.
"You're an angel sent from heaven," he said smiling up at me, "I was beginning to give up and about to head off to the book department, a Harry Potter would have been far easier to send off to Canada anyway."
"Ok, let me see what your daughter wrote down and we'll find what your Granddaughter was after."
It wasn't rocket science, although, to a 75-year-old retired French teacher, rocket science would probably have been easier than looking for jeans for a fashion-conscious teenage girl.
311 Levi's, 26W, 30L ripped skinny Hawaii Ocean Blue.
"I haven't a clue what any of that means," he said, handing the piece of paper to me.
"Your Granddaughter has good taste," I said, "and the same size as me too, right let me find them for you."
And with that, we navigated around the hundreds of different makes, styles, colours and sizes until I was holding up the correct pair for Mr Thomas' approval.
"Those won't do," he said, "they're faulty, look they're ripped."
"That's the style Mr Thomas," I said, trying my best to stifle my laughter, "she'll love them."
He looked them over for what felt like ages, he couldn't quite get his head around the rips at the knee. But after some internal debate, his decision was made.
"Great," he said, "I'll go and pay for them, if that's what she wants, that's what she's getting."
We made our way to the counter and as Mr Thomas paid for his acquisition, the assistant handed me the bag.
I was done with shopping, I had bought my new underwear, I'll have another try in a few days for the jeans.
We navigated our way out of the shop, I never realised how difficult getting around in a wheelchair would be, until I saw what Mr Thomas was going through just to get outside. I guess he was used to it.
"I'd love to repay you for helping me with those jeans," he said, "let me get you a coffee."
"That's very kind of you, but there's really no need, it's been my pleasure."
"I insist, if it wasn't for you I'd probably have come away from that shop with something completely wrong and my Granddaughter wouldn't have been a happy bunny."
We both laughed and set out to find a suitable place for coffee.
As we made our way down the high street, the first coffee shop seemed to be full up and didn't look at all wheelchair friendly anyway, the second that we both knew about seemed to be closed when we arrived. I think at this point we were both over trying to find somewhere.
"Well look," he said, "I only live a few streets away, what if I make you a nice cup of tea back at my place."
As I didn't have anything else to do that day, why not? At school, Mr Thomas was always approachable and easy to chat to, and I was enjoying his company. So with me by his side, his motorised wheelchair trundling along at a modest speed, we headed for his home.
From a busyish high street, and after a few turns here and there and down a few quiet roads, we eventually reached a lovely quiet cul-de-sac of bungalows. It really was a lovely little oasis, gardens immaculate, each bungalow slightly different from the one before, but equally as well maintained.
Mr Thomas' wheelchair turned into the driveway of the 5th bungalow along, and by the little ramp at the front door, it was obvious this was his.
"Come on in," he said as he opened the door and drove into the hallway. It was a lovely house, beautifully decorated, neat and tidy.
As I entered and closed the door behind me, I noticed another wheelchair in the hall, a much lighter and more basic model. Mr Thomas could see my quizzical look and as he started to decamp from the motorised one to the other, it became obvious.
"This one is my house chair," he said, "much easier to manoeuvre about the house and I get fed up with that engine buzzing when I'm in that other one too."
I could see what he meant as he expertly moved from one to the other; it was like he'd done this a million times before, which he most probably had done.
"Come on through," he said, as he led the way in his chair to the lounge, "I've been here for 35 years, ever since my wife died." Well that answered that question, I did wonder as he had a wedding ring on, but I guess him looking for jeans in a women's clothes shop, hinted at her not being around anymore.
"Now is it tea or coffee?" as he motioned me to sit.
"Tea would be fine thank you Mr Thomas, one sugar please." And with that, he was off to make tea for us both.
It gave me a chance to take in the room I was now in. It was a large room, lovely furniture, a small baby grand piano in one corner, with lots of photos of who I assumed to be family members sitting on the lid. It was a nice comfy room.
A few minutes later Mr Thomas was back, a tray with two cups balanced on his lap. I took the one indicated as mine while he placed the tray and his cup on the floor, then with no effort whatsoever he had lifted himself from the wheelchair to one of the armchairs.
"Much better," he said, "no matter how comfortable they try and make those things, you can't beat a comfy armchair."
We sat and chatted for what felt like only minutes, but was in fact over two hours. We talked about school, he only retired at the end of last year, they had kept him on well past normal retirement age, but as he said, it was getting harder, the new technology the school was bringing in every year was getting beyond his understanding and he just felt it was time to go. He missed the old days too much and felt pupils now got away with murder. He missed it already, but he knew it was the right time.
We talked about his family, well his only daughter and her family who now lived in Canada. His Granddaughter who I could tell, he idolised.
He asked me a lot of questions about myself, my life, how I was looking forward to university etc. Our chance meeting, what I had been in the shop to buy, which brought him back to his Granddaughters jeans, as he took them out of the bag which had been sitting at his side.
"I do hope they fit," he said, as he raised them up in front of him, "they look a bit small to me."
"They're skinny style," I said, "they stretch into your shape."
He didn't look convinced, but as he was holding them in front of him, trying to gauge what they'd look like on his Granddaughter, a thought flashed into my mind, which got instant approval from the 'naughty' part of my brain.
"They're exactly my size, would you like me to try them on, and then you can see what they'd look like on your Granddaughter."
"Really? You wouldn't mind?"
"Not at all," I said.
I had already warmed to my old teacher. He had lovely manners; he was interesting and funny but seemed quite lonely. I felt sorry for him in many ways, but my naughty mind was also thinking about other things. I wonder if he would ever find me attractive.
My mind was already two steps ahead and the naughty part of me had decided it would be fun to give my old teacher a flash of my panties. Others might have gone into another room, taken their own jeans off and put the new ones on and returned for inspection.
But as Mr Thomas handed me the new jeans I stood up and began to undo the button and pull down the zipper of my own jeans.
I wanted to see his face as I did so, so some unnecessary conversation just so I could keep eye contact while I took my jeans off. He seemed momentarily struck dumb, watching his former pupil pull down her jeans in front of him.
"They should fit, "I said, as I watched the expression on his face as I stepped out of my own jeans. I'm pleased I had put on one of my favourite pairs of panties that morning. Small white ones, quite tiny, creeping between my bum cheeks just a little. I'm sure he wasn't expecting this.
As I pulled on his Granddaughter's new jeans, "What do you think?" I said.
"I think they look fantastic."
I let him view them from every angle and when he seemed happy enough, I pulled them off again. As I handed them back to him, it appeared he was definitely more interested in seeing his former pupil in her panties.
As soon as I was back in my own jeans and sitting back down on the couch, we continued our conversation. It felt nice being so casual with him. I was enjoying being in my former teacher's company and I could see he was enjoying our chat too.
I mentioned my parents were now living in France, and being a French language teacher, this opened up a whole new topic of conversation.
"When travel restrictions ease up a bit and things settle down, I very much want to go back out to France and visit them," I said, "I'll need to brush up a bit on my French though, I wasn't the best pupil you ever had I'm sure." We both laughed because we knew it was true.
"Ah, well maybe," he said, "but definitely the prettiest." I could feel my cheeks go red; I always blush when someone compliments me like that.
"Well you've helped me out with those jeans," he said, "If ever you do want a French refresher just shout, I'd be happy to help."
"Wow, really? That'd be wonderful, you really wouldn't mind?"
I'm not sure if he was expecting me to welcome his offer as enthusiastically as I did, but when he saw that, it seemed to spark his enthusiasm as well.
"Whenever you want, it's not like I have much to do these days and helping to polish up your skills would be a treat for me."
"That'd be brilliant," I said, "when can we start?" Mr Thomas couldn't hide his amusement at my keenness.
"I wish all my pupils had been as keen as you seem to be." We laughed at such a true statement, although at school I always tried to look interested, French language wasn't my favourite of subjects while I was there.
After chatting about France and our impending lessons for a little while longer, we agreed to reconvene back at his house in two days' time to begin.
As I left, with a wave and both proffering mutual thanks, I headed back home.
It was so nice seeing my old teacher again, I do so like gentlemen. That word rightly describing Mr Thomas, a gentle man.
Now I cannot lie, from the moment when I so casually changed into those jeans with my panties on show, to now, I had been getting those nice sexy feelings again. What is it about me and older men?
That night as I lay in bed, I just couldn't help myself. Mr Thomas was in my mind. I very much enjoyed being so casual about him seeing me in my panties, I liked his kindly ways, he was funny and charming, but he still seemed to retain that school teacher air of authority. Mm, my mind wandered as my fingers crept down to my rapidly moistening vagina. I wondered if I could get him to finger me like this. With my eyes closed, I had his face in my mind, his old fingers burying themselves deeper inside my vagina, my thumb and forefinger pulling at my nipples, feeling them harden as I gently squeezed and twisted them. My hands were on my bum, my titties, my vagina and it didn't take long, with some rubbing of my clitoris to feel that lovely warm sexy wave come over me, those sexy moments when everything suddenly arrives together, in its wet squirming itchiness and ooh out it gushes.
As I lay in the dark, my heartbeat and breathing gradually returning to normal and my vagina in need of a wash, I just knew that Mr Thomas was going to feature very soon in my adventures.
Over the next day, my thoughts were very much on Mr Thomas and my forthcoming lessons. Possibilities were flying about in my brain as I tried to walk myself through different scenarios. As you will know, if you've read about my past few encounters, I plan things. I like to have a strategy with end goals in mind, but try as I might, I really couldn't think of anything this time.
The morning of my first lesson arrived. I always bath twice a day, morning and evening, and as I lay in the tub with a bright new day shining through my bathroom windows, my outfit for the day was being decided upon.
White bra and white panties. I don't know what it is about white underwear, I do have other colours, but the pureness of white reflecting the pureness of my innocent virginal mind. Panties, or knickers as we sometimes call them in England, have to be the right kind too. I mostly prefer to wear thin cotton, bikini briefs, and small ones too. I like the feeling when sometimes they creep up my bum a bit as the day goes on. Some days I might enjoy wearing a thong, again it's the nice feelings they can provide and good to wear also if you don't want a VPL. Now for a few days every month, I will also have to wear my more 'sensible' panties. But for today, it's going to be my thin white cotton bikini briefs.
As I got out of the tub, I went through my routines. Body dried, hair dried, coconut oil applied, application of minuscule makeup, again I'm not big on lots of makeup, just subtle, but enhancing. Brushing my hair into a ponytail and then getting into my clothes. Bra and panties, my floral print mini skirt and my lemon v-neck cardigan. Bare legs definitely today and my white sandals. I was ready.
It was a twenty-minute walk from my flat to Mr Thomas' bungalow, a beautifully sunny summers day just enhanced the nice feelings I was having, not only about the possibilities, but I was also genuinely excited about becoming more adept and fluent in French.
It was nice seeing Mr Thomas' smiling face greet me at the door, and after pleasantries and a cup of tea, it was on to work.
'Now I've been thinking about this Emily," he said, suddenly back to his teacher persona, "if you really are serious about learning and wish me to help, we need to set up a proper schedule and structure."
"That's fine by me," I said, "I'm really excited and will do whatever you think is necessary."
"Well, there need to be rules, just like back in school. If I set you homework, then I expect it to be done. And please be on time, I can't tolerate lateness."
"I fully understand," I said. And I did too. I was more than happy with that, although I didn't like the thought of homework, if it meant that much to him, then that was fine.
Now I'm not sure if my subconscious mind instigated this next topic of conversation, but it certainly worked. I was just joking really, but as the conversation evolved, I was obviously getting more excited by the prospect.
"Can I just ask though, if my homework isn't done on time, or if I'm late for a lesson, please can we have a different form of punishment than more homework? With Uni coming up I wouldn't be able to spare the time for additional work."
"That sounds acceptable to me Emily, in the good old days we used to be able to give pupils six of the best, which soon got their minds focused." And we both smiled at the thought and of the changing times.
Ooh, but finally a chance to have some fun, I was thinking. Don't let that thought just disappear.
"Well that would be fine by me," I said smiling, "I'll take six smacks on my bum rather than extra homework any day of the week."
We both laughed, but Mr Thomas seemed unsure whether I was joking or not. So I thought I would just reinforce it a bit.
"Seriously," I said, "I'm happy for us to agree on that, there's no way I could do more homework."
"Agreed then," he said smiling as if it was just a joke.
But anyway, back to the lesson. It was a lovely two hours, with Mr Thomas probing my linguistic mind and teasing out the words and phrases I'd learnt, and still just about remembered from school.
Now a couple of times, sitting opposite Mr Thomas whilst trying to get my tongue around even the simplest of phrases, I did notice him looking at my legs. I guess the mini skirt I was wearing gave him an excellent view, and with the summer months being so sunny, they were looking at their best too, tanned, toned and smooth. It felt rather nice.
It's not only being surreptitiously looked at, it's now knowing that my old teacher was interested in not only my mind but also my body.
The two hours were soon up and after some further chat about nothing in particular, we said our goodbyes, and I was on my way back home.
So he's interested! That was the main thought in my mind as I slowly walked home, stopping off at Sainsbury's for a French loaf and some brie. Hey, I was getting into the swing of all things French; I wanted to perpetuate it for a while longer.
Lying on my couch later that evening, struggling a little with some of the French phrases I was tasked with learning over the next couple of days, I started to think more and more about Mr Thomas. Him looking at my legs and giving him that flash of my panties on that first day. Well if he likes looking, then why not. It gives me tingles knowing he's looking, so why not enjoy it.
And with that semi agreement for him to spank me if I was late or my homework wasn't done on time, well that was getting me very interested too. I thoroughly enjoyed getting my bum spanked by Father White and if I could have the same from Mr Thomas, wouldn't that be fun.
The day of my next lesson arrived. Mr Thomas was his normal jolly self; he seemed to be thoroughly enjoying getting back in the groove of education, albeit with a classroom of just one.
In a natural break for tea, I needed the bathroom.
"Is it ok if I use your loo?"
"Of course," he said, "you don't need to ask, it's the one with the frosted glass door." And while he went off to make us both a cup of tea, I made my way to the bathroom.
As I lowered my panties, raised my skirt and sat on the toilet seat, I looked around his bathroom. I've strangely always liked bathrooms; they've got to be my favourite room in any house. This one was very tastefully decorated and exceptionally clean. It had rails for easy access to the bath and rails on either side of the toilet. The shower unit also had an integrated seat. The bath looked lovely too, one of those old Victorian roll-top baths, I've always liked those. From what I saw, the doors for each room were a little wider than a normal house, for wheelchair accessibility obviously, and the sliding bathroom door was no exception.
As I finished my pee, I wiped, pulled up my panties, lowered my skirt and flushed. Washing my hands and checking my face in the mirror before I returned to Mr Thomas' lounge and a waiting cup of tea.
"Found it ok then?"
"Yes thanks, and what a nice bathroom you have, that bath looked lovely," I said "I bet it feels wonderful bathing in that."
"I've never tried it, I only ever use the shower, it's easier with the wheelchair."
Soon, another lesson was over, we said our goodbyes at the door and not long after that, I was back home again.
Mm, all very nice and it's certainly helping to polish up my French, but my naughty side wants to enjoy my visits to my old teacher even more. And getting him to spank me was now uppermost in my mind.
Now I realise, that not every plan is going to work. Maybe the other person won't take the bait, maybe he won't be interested. But I was going to give it a try at least.
Failure to do my homework was the obvious way into getting my bum spanked by Mr Thomas, but that goes against everything I stand for really. At school I always had my homework in on time, I was a real goody-two-shoes. But hey, what will be more fun, getting my bum spanked or doing homework? There was no contest.
The day of my next lesson arrived, white panties, a white bra, short cream mini skirt and my strawberry red v-neck cardigan. If he was going to carry through with his threat of punishment for no homework, by spanking me, then this was the outfit he was going to be faced with.
I arrived slightly late, which didn't go down well to start with, and as we sat with a cup of tea, I had to confess that I hadn't got round to doing my homework. I could see the disappointment on his face, I guess he thought I wasn't as serious at learning as I originally seemed.
"Well that's disappointing Emily, I was sure you were serious about learning."
"I am, really I am, I just didn't have time to get it done."
He didn't look convinced but didn't seem either to be taking the bait to carry forward on our agreed form of punishment. I needed to remind him.
"I'm so sorry," I said, "so I'm happy to accept our agreed punishment."
I'm not sure if he'd forgotten or just didn't think I was serious, because he didn't seem to take on board what I was talking about. He needed reminding.
"I'm happy to accept the spanking," I said.
He momentarily looked taken aback at that, it looked as though he hadn't been serious about spanking me and was now confronted with that prospect. So more guidance from me was required.
"Do you want me to lay across you or should I be standing while you spank me?"
It looked as though the good part of him had battled and beaten the naughty side because he was now trying to give me a way out.
"I really don't think it will be necessary to spank you, Emily, we'll just leave it at a warning, shall we?"
"No, a deal is a deal," I said. I wasn't going to let this opportunity go.
"Well, if you're really sure."
"One hundred percent," I said, "so standing, or over your lap?"
"Well if we must, over my lap I think."
So with him sitting on the couch, I moved closer and proceeded to lie across him.
I wasn't sure if he'd spanked anyone before, yes he was an old school style of teacher, but did they spank pupils when he was teaching? I really wasn't sure what was to come. But that started to become more apparent as without any preamble with me lying across him, he held the hem of my skirt, adjusting it so it now rested on my back and uncovering my panty-clad bum.
Well, I wasn't expecting that, will he pull my panties down though? A bare bum spanking?
Now I didn't want it to be just a couple of swats and that was it, I got myself into this position to enjoy myself, so I thought more guidance from me was required. So with his hand resting on my bum as he prepared himself.
"I think 24 should be about right, don't you Mr Thomas?"
"24?"
"Yes, 24 smacks," I said, "I think that's fair."
"Very well then, 24 it will be."
And with that, he proceeded to smack my bum, sadly not on my bare bum, but there was plenty of time in the future for that.
It took a few swats for him to get proficient, but at about the 6 mark he now appeared to be getting into it. He might not have had use of his legs anymore but that wasn't reflected in the strength of his arm, as his hand swished down on my poor, increasingly stinging, bum cheeks. Ooh, it felt so nice though.
With each successive smack, I could feel my panties creeping slightly further up my bum, giving him more bare flesh to aim for. Ouch, number 9 stung.
A few times he stopped and asked how I was doing, his hand resting on my bum as he enquired. 'Well if you wanted to slide your hand inside my panties, I really wouldn't mind you know' I was thinking. But sadly my thoughts and his actions didn't align this time.
And we were off again. We were up to 15, then 16 and 17. Ouch, that lovely stinging sensation. My legs, a little wider than when he first started, well you never know, he might have given me a little smack between my legs, a girl can dream!
He seemed to really be enjoying this now. From his initial hesitancy to now be spanking his 18-year-old pupil like this, seemed to have brought a sparkle back to him.
And much as I was enjoying it, it hurt too. Genuine tears of pain had started to well up in my eyes; I couldn't stop myself from the occasional gasp and cry out as another smack landed on my bum cheeks either. Ooh, pain and pleasure.
We were almost done, 22 then 23. Why on earth didn't I suggest 50 or even a hundred? The 24th landed, it was over. I felt my bum cheeks relaxing, his hand back now resting on my poor battered bum.
"How are you feeling?"
"I'm fine," I said, "thank you Mr Thomas" and with that I eased myself off his lap, my skirt falling back down and into place as I stood. It was an automatic reflex to put my hands up under my skirt to rub my now very sore bum cheeks.
"I wasn't too rough was I?"
"No, not at all, I think that was exactly right." And with that, I eased my sore bum back onto the armchair.
The rest of the lesson went well, as did the next two. My night-time masturbations were however urging me to take things further. And after some thought over the next couple of weeks, a new plan was formed.
As I woke up to another sunny day, this was it, today is the day! That old saying 'no pain, no gain' came into my mind, you'll see why shortly. Some extra attention to grooming detail was required today. As you'll know, if you've read about my earlier experiences, I like a little hair down below. My pubic hair has always been concentrated just above my vagina and quite wispy too. I'm not a very hairy person so there's not much of it. I've been in lots of situations with other naked girls, changing rooms etc. and I've seen some pubic hair that would turn me to advocate the smooth look, incredibly hairy. But fortunately for me, mine is as I say, quite wispy, light brown in colour and concentrated just above the start of my opening.
But even so, I still like it to look neat. So before my bath, sitting on the floor in front of my big bedroom mirror, with legs drawn up, opened wide and scissors in hand, I very delicately manicured. Yes, that looks perfect.
A nice hot bath and with just one hour to go before my next scheduled lesson, the groundwork continued.
For my plan to run smoothly, panties today will have to be deep-sided. I have a few pairs of deep-sided white cotton knickers that are actually called shorts, so they were the ones.
My skirt today was my dusty pink pleated mini skirt, and my top was my white short-sleeved v neck cardigan. I was ready.
Now don't forget what I said earlier, 'no pain, no gain!' For the next part of my plan, I scrabbled into the little home toolbox that my dad prepared for me when mum and dad moved me into the flat. Just the basics, a few screwdrivers, a hammer, a Stanley knife, screws, nails, wood file, small saw etc. I was after the file though. I bet my dad never imagined I'd be using it for this!
So, some strategically placed scuffs were made with the file. Firstly my right knee. Ouch! But with a few scrapes of the file, there was a little blood. Next, my left hip, again a few scrapes under the side of my panties, a little blood there too, right hip next, just a few scrapes. Next the top of my right thigh, just inches from my vagina and finally, extending that thigh scrape to my inner thigh, even closer to my vagina. A few grains of dirt from the soil in my yucca plant dotted over me, some on the hip of my panties too and I was ready.
My lesson was to start at 11 am, so I left my flat at 11.10 am; Mr Thomas was a stickler for timekeeping. I made my way to Mr Thomas' house in quick time; I wanted it to look like I'd been running, slightly out of breath etc. And by the time I arrived at his front door, very late at 11.30, I was looking sufficiently out of breath, hot and slightly dishevelled and with the thoughts of my lovely old sadly now departed tabby cat, Cyril, in my thoughts (he always got the waterworks going), I looked a sorry sight as Mr Thomas opened the door.
"What on earth!" He was genuinely shocked and alarmed at my appearance, my bloody knee, my tears and my slightly bedraggled clothing. "What on earth has happened?"
As I hobbled into his house, with my elderly teacher deeply concerned, it all came out.
"I was late and I know we agreed on me being punctual for lessons, so I was running to get here on time and I fell over."
By this time, with all the wood file scrapes I had inflicted upon myself, I really was feeling a bit sore here and there anyway.
"My dear girl, come on in and sit down," he said, and with that, he ushered me into his lounge and onto the couch.
"I didn't want to be late, I was running and my foot landed on the side of the kerb and I just fell over on the pavement and hit a wall as I fell."
My 'tears' were now beginning to subside but holding my hip and with my bloody knee fully in view of Mr Thomas he offered the assistance I was hoping for.
"Let me go and get some iodine and cotton wool and I'll be right back." And with that, he made his way to the bathroom.
A minute later he was back and wheeling next to where I was sitting.
"Now this might sting a bit," he said as he started to pour a little of the iodine onto the cotton wool and proceeded to dab it against my scuffed knee.
Gosh and it did sting too, but in truth I hadn't scuffed my body up too much, they literally were little scuffs, just bad enough to be seen and warrant attention from my old teacher, but not so much as to inflict too much pain.
As he was gently attending to my knee though, I let out a few winces and the holding of my left side would draw Mr Thomas attention to my hip injury too. And it did too. As soon as he was finished cleaning up my knee, he asked about my hip.
"You came down on your hip too by the looks of things."
"Yes I did," I said, "it's feeling incredibly sore."
"If you stand up, I'd better take a look at that too."
And wincing as I stood up, I made a feeble attempt at holding the side of my skirt up so Mr Thomas could see my hip injury. I deliberately didn't make a very good attempt, as Mr Thomas uttered the words that were going to get me where I fancied going.
"Is it possible you could take your skirt off?"
Oh yes, I was thinking and without any preamble I unhooked the fastener and lowered and then stepped out of it, placing it on the arm of the couch.
He could see the side of my panties were still covering my scraped hip, the high sided shorts that I picked specifically to hide it, doing their job brilliantly.
"Could you pull your knickers down a bit so I can put some of this iodine on," he said.
Now anyone else would, from that request and in such a similar position, just ease down a little the side of their panties, but that wasn't my plan.
"Of course," I said and without any hesitation, I placed my fingers in the waistband and pulled them down to my ankles.
This obviously wasn't what Mr Thomas had meant at all, I guess I just didn't understand the request! Yes I know, I'm very naughty, but what can a girl do!
So there I am, standing naked from the waist down, my bare bum and my little hairy virginal vagina on show and me making no attempt to hide anything. I could see the sudden realisation of what he was now looking at reaching his cheeks which had gone a slightly redder shade.
After a second or two to get over the initial shock, he applied some iodine onto a fresh piece of cotton wool and proceeded to dab away.
"You must have twisted awkwardly when you fell, I hope this isn't stinging too much," he said, trying to keep his mind and attention on my hip, but obviously looking elsewhere.
"It does a little," I said, being brave and trying not to let any further fake tears flow.
He seemed to take quite a while dabbing away at my hip, but eventually, he was done.
"Did you come down on your bottom?" he said.
"I really don't know, it all happened so fast," and with that, I made a feeble attempt at trying to look behind me at my bum.
"Turn around a bit, and I'll have a look." And with that I slowly turned, giving him a good close up look at my bare bum.
Not seeing any damage done to my bum, I turned further so he could see that the other hip had a slight scrape, together with the top of my thigh. With a fresh piece of cotton wool and more iodine, he proceeded to dab away at my right hip and then turning me so that I was now facing him, he started to dab at the scuff at the top of my thigh. His gaze didn't seem to be on my injury however, his eyes seemed to be on my bare vagina, what a naughty man! But we were now at the most fun part.
He could see the scuff went further to the very inside of my thigh, which he couldn't get to in my standing position, so out came the words I had hoped he might say.
"It might be easier if you sit and open your legs a little so I can get to that scrape inside your thigh." Ooh, we were there.
"Ok," I said all innocently, and with that, I sat on the edge of the couch, and with him, just inches from me, drew my legs up a little and opened them wide. Now his request to open my legs 'a little' obviously got lost a bit in translation too, as he was now faced with the sight of my legs being as wide as I could get them and my vagina staring him in the face.
It was a lovely feeling, his eyes looking so intently at my hairy little vagina, I bet he never imagined he would ever see that, and so closely too.
He dabbed away at the inside of my thigh for ages, but eventually, I guess having to concede that he couldn't justify looking any longer, err I mean attending to my wound any longer.
"Ok, I think that's done it," he said as he eased away from being in such close proximity, and as I didn't want it to be too obvious that I had been enjoying his looking, I closed my legs and sat up straight.
"Thank you so much Mr Thomas, and I'm so sorry I was late for the lesson." And with that, I was now standing and slowly stepping back into my panties. I didn't particularly want to, if he'd have suggested another half an hour checking the inside of my thigh, I'd have been only too happy to let him have a further look. But I didn't want it to be too obvious, so my panties were now back in place and my skirt was being fastened back into position.
The lesson that followed had I think taken second place in both our minds, but we got through it and two hours later, I was back home.
Over the next few lessons, nothing much happened apart from me getting much more proficient in French. I admit, my mind was constantly trying to think up ways to be naughty again, but as I've said before, I didn't want anything to be seen as me being obviously naughty. Anything that did happen had to look like a natural accident. I'm sure being late once again might be acceptable though.
So the day for my next lesson arrived, and 15 minutes late too, that definitely deserves another spanking.
After the normal pleasantries, halfway through a much-needed cup of tea and before the lesson started, I felt I better bring it up.
"I'm so sorry I was late this morning, my mum was on the phone and she just wouldn't stop talking." We both laughed. I'm sure that was fully acceptable to Mr Thomas, he didn't seem at all bothered by my lateness, but it did me. I didn't want to miss out on my punishment. So I had to raise the topic myself once again.
"Across your lap again, or standing?"
"Well I don't want you to think I'm a bully, but I guess rules are rules Emily, so over my lap I think." And with that, I proceeded to drape myself across his lap like the last time.
Now whether it was the recent sight of my bare bum (as well as other things), or whether he was just getting into the spirit of the thing, but this time as I lay across him and after he pulled my skirt back to reveal my panty-clad bum, he gently pulled my panties down so that they were now lowered and positioned halfway down my thighs.
Oh, how lovely, he's made the decision; it's going to be a bare-bottomed spanking!
His hand rested on my bare bum as we had a moment's conversation about numbers, and after reiterating our agreement on 24 smacks, he began.
The sting of the first one, this time on bare flesh, reminded me that there was going to be pain as well as pleasure. I felt since last time though, my teacher had now become bolder. He seemed to be very much enjoying spanking me. After each smack, his hand would gently rub and caress each cheek. I could feel myself getting wet as those big old elderly fingers gently traced the crack between my bum cheeks.
Halfway through, my stinging bum cheeks by now gently throbbing, he had now obviously taken control of the situation himself. Before today, it felt very much as though I was manipulating and leading him to things, but now it was him making the decisions. Because after the 12th smack, with my panties already halfway down my thighs, he paused for a second, then I felt him tugging my panties completely off. And with them now discarded on the floor, he continued.
After first easing my legs further apart, the 13th followed, but this time after the stinging smack and the gentle stroking of my bum cheeks, he continued stroking until his fingers now began to gently stroke between my legs. Oh my.
I guess as I didn't object, he now felt he had the green light to do this after each smack. And he most certainly did.
The 14th, and another stinging smack, his hand again gently stroking each cheek, his elderly fingers again gently stroking between my legs too. This time they were there even longer, just stroking the outer lips of my vagina. I could feel it was getting wetter and as he continued to stroke me, I just knew his fingers were getting wet too. Oh my, such a lovely feeling.
The 15th, ouch that one really did sting, but once again he gently stroked my bum then down to my vagina again. His fingers again gently tracing my very moist slit, and then it happened; I felt a finger slide inside, my heart beat even faster.
I knew his fingers were now soaking as the 16th hit my bum cheeks, I could feel my wetness now on his hand.
The pain from the smacks and the pleasure of him feeling me after each smack was wonderfully enjoyable.
We eventually arrived at the 24th smack of my bum and as the stinging sensation hit me once again, it was over.
I eased myself off his lap and with my bottom half still naked he held my hands as I faced him.
"Emily, I didn't want to smack your bottom at the start, but I think you needed it."
"Yes, Mr Thomas."
As he released my left hand, but still holding my right, his right hand made its way between my legs, feeling the hair then the outer folds. His index finger then sliding back inside my now very wet vagina.
"I know it hurt," he said, as his finger now effortlessly slid all the way deep inside me, "but your body is telling me that it has affected you in a different way, is that correct?"
"Yes, I'm sorry Mr Thomas."
"Do you mind me doing this?" He said as he continued to finger me.
"No, I don't mind," I said.
He eased his finger further in as he looked into my eyes, twisting it and feeling deep inside, he then eased it out, wet and glistening, and put it in his mouth.
"You taste very sweet Emily, come and sit on my lap." He said as he motioned for me to sit on his lap.
Now if you've read my earlier adventures, you'll know that it is normally me who is guiding and directing things to get where I want them to go. In the beginning, this was certainly the case with Mr Thomas too. In my first visits, it was me moving things along, but since spanking me, he seemed to realise he can actually carry out his fantasies in real life, on me, and that I won't object.
And I must admit, I was now very much enjoying being directed and instructed by him. Enjoying allowing him to explore his naughtier side, and my body, not that I'm going to tell him that of course. To him, I'm just his pupil who accepts that I need a lot of discipline! I'm going to do whatever he wants me to do. We were now obviously at the moment where he was taking control or believed he was anyway.
As I eased my bare bum onto his lap, the couch sort of eased us back a little into comfort. After brushing my hair out of my eyes with his fingers and gently kissing my forehead and with his hand on my thigh, he continued.
"Take your top off please, Emily."
I did as I was asked; I lifted the hem and pulled my top up and over my head.
"And your bra please."
I placed my hands behind my back and unhooked it, taking it off and dropping it to the floor. My old teachers' first sight of my bare titties. I was now sitting on his lap, completely naked.
His eyes were on my titties as he raised his right hand and began to feel each in turn. His hand on my left titty, gently squeezing it, his fingers tracing around my nipple, feeling it and then lightly pinching it, he spoke again.
"I think we've reached an understanding here Emily, I think each time you come for your lesson, you will have to have your bottom spanked. Do you agree?"
"Yes, Mr Thomas."
"I know it hurts, but I think you need it."
"Yes."
And with that, he gently kissed my right nipple.
"Ok, stand up please," he said as he eased me off his lap. I stood in front of him, completely naked and with my arms at my side.
"You have a truly beautiful body, Emily, you should be very proud of it."
"Thank you, Mr Thomas."
"Now turn around please."
I did as I was told. I turned so he was now looking at my back, his hands rested on my hips bringing me to within inches of him, then his hands went back to my bum, feeling each cheek again, the red marks of the spanking clearly visible. His warm elderly wrinkled hands on my bare bum felt wonderful, as he cupped and gently stroked each cheek.
"Your bottom is so soft; you have a beautiful little bottom, so tight and so so soft." His finger gently traced up and down the crevice between my cheeks.
"Now place your feet further apart please Emily and then bend over."
I moved my feet so my legs were open wide and bent over. He was now looking at my most private of places.
With a hand on each cheek, he pulled them even further apart completely exposing my bum hole.
"Do you mind me looking at your bottom hole like this Emily?"
"No, I don't mind."
"It's lovely," he said, "so beautiful, tiny, pink and very pretty."
As he released his hand from my right cheek, I felt his finger lightly touch my bum hole. Gently tracing its little puckered entrance. He seemed to be looking so intently at it, it's every detail. His finger gently massaged it, he then took it away for a second and when it touched my bum again it was wet, he must have wet it in his mouth. His big finger then started to push inside, he twisted it gently as it went deeper and within seconds his whole finger was inside my bum.
It was such a lovely feeling, it felt so sexy, my whole body seemed to be tingling with pleasure.
After a minute or two, he then slowly twisted it out again, then pulling me even closer, I felt his wet tongue begin to lick it. Oh my, it felt heavenly; my old teacher was licking my bum hole.
"You taste wonderful." He said between licks.
And it felt wonderful too, from just having my bum spanked, to where we were now, it was lovely. I was very very wet; I could feel my wetness trickling down the inside of my thighs as he continued to lick my bum.
Eventually, he stopped and motioned me to stand up straight again and turning me around to face him, he held my hands once again.
"For the foreseeable future, Emily, when you come for your lesson you will be naked the whole time you're here, are we agreed?"
"Yes, Mr Thomas."
"Very well, you may now get dressed."
How sexy was this, I could have willingly stayed naked with him for the rest of the day, but he said get dressed, so I got dressed. It felt very sexy, him watching as I put my bra on, then stepped into my panties and pulled them up. My top next, then my skirt.
When I was dressed, he patted the place on the couch next to him, so I sat down. Very tenderly he placed his hand on my knee.
"You're a good student Emily, but you do need some discipline."
"Yes."
"You will need to comply with my wishes while you're here in future, you're a lovely girl, very sweet and very pretty, but we do need to instil in you some discipline."
"Yes, I understand."
"I will be asking you to comply with a lot of different things when you visit in the future, some you may think are odd, some embarrassing or even humiliating, but they're all to instil upon you a sense of discipline. Do we have an agreement?"
How could I not agree, I was thoroughly enjoying myself and eagerly anticipating what was possibly to come.
"Yes, I'll do whatever you think is necessary," I said.
With the lesson over, I was inwardly smiling and quietly happy with how the day had gone, he kissed me again on the forehead, we said our goodbyes and I left for home.
As I lay in bed that night, I felt wonderful. I couldn't keep the smile off my face. What a very sexy day it had been. I hadn't even dared imagine that would have happened. But wasn't it so sexy. I loved every minute. I loved him taking control, telling me what to do, and I loved doing it. What will happen in the future?
I snuggled down further under the warmth of my duvet, warm and content, I drifted off to sleep. I'm sure my smile lasted throughout the night, and I'm sure it was still there when I woke in the morning.
To be continued ...
(As my French lessons with Mr Thomas are on-going, I'll provide an update, in the very near future.)