5pm Friday was finally here. Before anyone could dump their last-minute issues on me I quickly shut down my laptop and made my way out of the office. As much as I like my job, I was really looking forward to spending the weekend with my wife, Nicole, as opposed to fixing other people's mistakes. Last weekend we were at the wedding for two of her good friends from college, Aimee, and Greg. We had a great time hanging with her friends but I was looking forward to just chilling out this weekend.
It was probably about four years or so after graduation that I bumped into Nicole at a local charity run. To my surprise, we hit it off immediately and quickly became boyfriend and girlfriend.
We didn't waste any time once we were together and we got married after only a year. It's been almost nine months since we tied the knot and things are going great. We're definitely still in the honeymoon phase.
My blue-eyed beauty has an amazing mane of wavy golden hair that flows halfway to her butt. Which by the way, is a really cute butt. Her perfect large breasts were one of the first things I noticed about her, they're hard to miss and she certainly doesn't try and hide them under loose fitting clothes. They're almost too large for her frame, but I'm not complaining.
I guess you could call me a late bloomer, I never really had a steady girlfriend before Nicole. Sure I dated a bit during and after college but nothing really clicked. Until Nicole that is. As far as partner count goes, I knew she had me beat. She even mentioned she had fooled around a lot in college but I told her I didn't care and didn't want or need to know. Luckily my inexperience in love didn't bother Nicole in the least.
While I didn't care about her past, I sometimes think my inexperience affects our sex life. It's hard to complain when we do it a few times a week, lots of guys aren't so lucky. I'd say our sex life is good but I can't help but think it could be better. I blame myself for that. My lack of experience and confidence has led to mostly vanilla sex, the same few positions and almost always in the bedroom.
I asked Nicole once if she thinks our sex life is too routine or boring for her and she said I was crazy for thinking that. She did say that if I ever want to try something different in the bedroom to just let her know and that she's open to trying just about anything. The only problem is I tend to get in my head too much and worry about what she'd think so I end up playing it safe and just doing what we've always done.
My cell phone rang just as I got settled into my car. I saw Nicole's beautiful face light up the call display.
"Hey, hon," I said, swiping the screen to answer.
"Hey, babe," Nicole replied. I could hear her smile through the phone. "Snuck out of work?"
"Just got in the car," I told her as I buckled in.
"Have you gone to Aimee and Greg's place yet?"
Greg and Aimee were on their honeymoon and I agreed to watch their house and feed their two cats for a couple weeks while they were away. I'm a big animal lover so it wasn't a burden for me at all.
"Nope, not yet. But I was planning on doing so before I came home," I replied.
"Oh, good. Do you think you could do me a favor?"
"Of course," I said.
"I was texting Aimee and she said she has a whole bunch of wedding photos they downloaded before they left. They're supposed to be on a USB stick near the computer and she said we can look at them. Can you look for it when you're there?" she asked in her sweet voice. "Rachel's here and she's really looking forward to seeing them too."
"Yeah sure," I replied. "No worries."
"You're the best! Love you, see you soon," she said and we ended the call.
Nicole had two best friends from college, Aimee who just got married, and Rachel. The three of them are all knockouts and almost inseparable. I was a little disappointed that Rachel was over since I was hoping for some alone time with Nicole. It looked like that would have to wait for now.
Don't get me wrong, I like Rachel a lot. First of all, she's every bit as good looking as Nicole. Her straight long platinum hair reaches all the way down her back and swishes back and forth as she walks. She's taller and thinner than Nicole with much smaller breasts, probably somewhere between an A and B cup, but probably the nicest ass I've ever seen.
She's fun to hang out with, and a crazy flirt. She loves teasing me and trying to see if she can make me blush. Nicole doesn't mind and actually seems to get a kick out of watching her friend drive me crazy.
If I had to rank the three friends in order of my attraction I'd put Nicole first, of course since she's my wife, then maybe Rachel, then Aimee. It's such a toss up though, and it depends on your preferences. I happen to like huge boobs so Nicole gets the nod. If you like tall women with great legs and a perfect ass, well maybe Rachel is the one for you. Aimee was somewhere in the middle as far as her body goes, but she has the prettiest face and amazing long silky black hair.
As I made my way to Greg's house my thoughts drifted back to last weekend's wedding.
Both her friends, especially Rachel, are always open to talking about their school days and hinting at all the trouble the three of them used to get in. It's a fun glimpse into a part of Nicole's past that I really don't know too much about. Sure we've talked all about her childhood and normal college stuff, but it's the crazy party stories that I find really interesting. Unfortunately, Nicole doesn't really discuss it too much and usually puts a stop to it.
During the wedding reception, Rachel was reminiscing about Freshman Week. That's when the three friends first met. Most of the stories were pretty tame, but it sounded like a lot more happened than Nicole wanted me to know about. Rachel brought up something about a house party at the end of the week and hinted at some stripping that may have happened but my wife silenced her with a quick disapproving look before I could hear too much.
I was obviously intrigued by the story but it was clear Nicole didn't want to talk about it right now so I decided not to push it. We were having a great time and there was no need to spoil it with any unnecessary drama.
Later in the night Nicole excused herself and disappeared with Rachel for a while, I'm guessing to share a joint. I didn't know too many people at the reception so I decided to go look for them after a while. I found the two friends out in the garden, smoking up just like I thought.
"First you got married, and now Aimee," I heard Rachel say. She added with a sigh, "I'm the last one."
I didn't want to interrupt them so I stayed quiet and listened for a moment.
"You'll find Mr. Right," Nicole replied. "How about your date tonight? Duncan? He seems nice."
"He is nice," Rachel admitted. "But unfortunately too many guys around here know our reputations, including him. Makes it hard to attract guys looking for commitment. You and Aimee were lucky to find guys who don't care about our college days."
It's true that I didn't really care. To a point anyway. Of course, sometimes I wondered what she was like back then and how much she really fooled around.
"Mike is pretty special," Nicole agreed. "He's the greatest guy I've ever met."
"How did you tell him?" Rachel asked. "You know, about your past."
"That's easy," my wife replied. "I didn't."
"I wondered about that," Rachel said. "So he doesn't know anything? I thought he would have heard something by now. We still bump into guys from the old gang all the time."
"I don't know," Nicole said. "I'm sure he suspects or has heard rumors by now, but he said he doesn't care and doesn't want to know. So I never say anything."
"So nothing about the parties..."
"Nope."
"Or the road trips..."
"Nope."
"Or the study groups and how you passed Sociology..."
Nicole laughed, "Definitely not."
"So what happens if he finds out?" Rachel asked. "We weren't exactly angels. Especially you and Aimee."
"Ain't that the truth," Nicole sighed. "I guess we'll cross that bridge when we get to it and I'll find out if he really meant it when he said he doesn't care."
I slipped back to the reception and wondered if I wanted to know.
--
My thoughts came back to the job at hand as I pulled into Greg's driveway. I was barely halfway up the walkway when I heard the cats meowing behind the door waiting for me to feed them.
I stepped inside and greeted my little friends as they purred and circled between my legs.
"Sorry guys, not a lot of time today," I told them. "Nicole and Rachel are waiting for me."
I filled up their food and water and made my way to the computer room where Nicole said the photos would be. The cats followed me down the hall, more interested in what I was doing than their food.
On top of the computer desk, just where Nicole said it would be, was a small USB stick. I decided I better plug it in to make sure it was the right one. The last thing I wanted was to disappoint the girls by bringing back the wrong photos.
I flipped on the computer then sat down on the floor to play the cats for a minute while it started up. There was a small toy mouse on the floor which I casually flipped across the room. One of the cats immediately chased it down, knocking it into the closet and disappeared after it. The other cat was content to sit beside me and purr as I stroked his fur.
Finally, the computer was up and I plugged in the USB. It was the correct one and I was presented with a window full of pictures from the wedding. Aimee looked amazing in her wedding dress. I smiled knowing Nicole and Rachel would go crazy over the photos, they were nuts about weddings.
With my mission accomplished I put the memory stick in my pocket and was about to flip off the computer when I was distracted by a loud distressed meowing coming from the closet.
"Alright," I said to the cat. "What did you get yourself into."
Greg's cat was half inside a duffel bag apparently trying to dig out the mouse I tossed to him earlier.
"Let me help you out."
I pulled the cat out and rummaged through the bag looking for the mouse. Not being able to find it I proceeded to dump the contents on the floor.
The cat instantly snatched the mouse before I even saw it and dashed out of the room. Now that the cat crisis was averted, I started packing up the bag of Greg's random belongings which included reassembling a large spool of DVDs that came off their spindle.
"Western U Halloween Party?" I said to myself looking at the label.
Western is where Nicole, Aimee, Rachel, and Greg went to. The label was written with a sharpie in Greg's handwriting. I looked at a couple other DVD's. They were all from Western. The dates were scattered but they seemed to match the years when the girls would have been students there.
I was curious but shrugged it off until I saw one labeled 'Frat Week afterparty.' Was that the party that Rachel was talking about at the wedding? Sounded like it could be, and the year matched what would have been their first year too. I probably wouldn't have cared except for Nicole trying to change the subject and then later overhearing both of them talking in the garden.
"It's probably nothing," I said staring at the disc for a moment. "But..."
Before I changed my mind, I got up and put the DVD into the computer to see what was on it. A window popped open with folders filled with hundreds of photos and even a few video files.
I opened up the first one. It showed three hot sorority girls with their arms around each other, they were wearing their brand new college sweatshirts and smiling for the camera. Rachel was on the right, Nicole was in the middle and Aimee was on the left.
From the furniture and decorations on the walls, it appeared that the girls were hanging out in Greg's living room. It looked similar to how it still looked today.
"Looks like this might be the house party Rachel was talking about," I said to one of the cats as I scratched his ears.
I skipped ahead through the thumbnails until I came to a picture that got my attention.
It was the three hot friends again, once more with their arms around each other and posing for the camera with big smiles. There was one major difference from the first picture. Their sweatshirts were now long gone and they were now posing in their bras.
I slowly flipped through a few more photos of the girls. Damn the three of them are gorgeous. I would have loved to have been at that party. There was at least a half-dozen other girls in their bras as well, it must be some kind of theme for the party. Granted, being in a bra isn't really that scandalous. It's not much different than a bikini top. Still, I enjoyed the photos and a peek into Nicole's hidden past.
"Fuck me," I said under my breath as I opened the next one.
It was a picture of Rachel, completely topless now, leaning up against the wall and talking to some random guy. The guy was staring at her bare chest and she obviously didn't care.
This was the first time I'd seen Rachel topless, and I have to admit even though her breasts are small, they're really cute and look perfect on her.
The next few photos were of Rachel, still topless as she made her way around the room, flirting with the guys. From what I could see when Nicole was in the pictures, she still had her bra on.
I couldn't hold back my smile, Rachel always implied Nicole was the crazy one but from what I've seen so far it looked like it was all Rachel.
I really didn't have time to scroll through all the pictures, Nicole and Rachel were expecting me soon, but I really didn't want to pass up this gold mine of photos. I reminded myself that I still had a week left before Greg and Aimee get back and there was lots of time to see them all, but I wasn't quite ready to close it down just yet.
"Just a few more minutes," I convinced myself.
I pulled up the next topless picture of Rachel and pulled it up full screen on the monitor. There's something about seeing pictures of someone you know that makes it way hotter than just some random girl on the internet. I wondered if she'd be angry that I was looking at her but ultimately convinced myself she probably wouldn't mind. I mean, she didn't mind being topless in front of all these guys. What's one more person seeing her going to hurt? Rachel would probably get a kick out of knowing I saw them anyway and tease me for eternity over it.
I hurriedly scanned through the thumbnails until I found photos of the girls dancing. There they were, Aimee and Nicole up on a coffee table. Their pants had disappeared somewhere along the way and they were now wearing just their bras, panties and running shoes in front of a pretty happy looking group of guys.
Nicole's bra could barely contain her huge breasts as she danced, in a few of the pics you could even see a full nipple popping out.
It's funny, I've seen Nicole naked many times, but seeing her in a picture like this was completely different and really hot. It's almost like it was a different Nicole, and I guess it was since I didn't know her back then. It was definitely a wilder side of her that I wanted to get to know better.
The brunette beauty, Aimee, was the next one to lose her bra. Now I know what all three of the friends look like topless. Greg's future wife had a huge grin on her face as she waved her bra over her head. Nicole and Rachel were laughing like crazy as the crowd of guys encouraged and cheered her on. I felt a little guilty looking at his topless wife, but that didn't stop me from continuing on.
I kept assuming Nicole's bra was going to come off. It is after all one of her best physical assets and she's really not shy about it. Rachel seemed to have a different plan however, and in one of the next photos Rachel was behind Nicole and pulling my wife's panties down to her ankles.
Nicole looked embarrassed at first, but the next couple photos showed she wasn't bothered enough to put them back on. In fact, she just stepped out of them, tied them around her wrist and danced bottomless for the guys as they looked on.
Any guilt I had about seeing Aimee's tits evaporated now that I knew Greg had photos of Nicole's pussy.
I couldn't help but stare between her legs at her bare kitty, just like the guys at the party were doing. It was one more thing that was new to me. I'd never seen Nicole shaved smooth, as long as I've known her she's always just kept it trimmed. Maybe it's something I'd ask her to do for me.
There was a long series of random photos after the dancing, almost all of them were of girls I didn't know in various stages of undress. It took quite a while before I saw another of Nicole or her friends until I found one of Aimee.
"Holy shit," I blurted out, startling the cat.
Her face was partially obscured by her long dark hair, but there was no doubt who it was. It was Aimee. She was kneeling in front of two guys whose pants were pooled around their feet. It looked like they were trying to be discrete by hiding in the bathroom, but whoever snuck the picture managed to track them down. It wasn't a great photo, but you could still see her lips wrapped around one guy's cock while she stroked the other. I vaguely recognized one of the guys, maybe a guest at the wedding? All I knew was that neither of them was Greg.
There were a few pictures of her, going back and forth on the two guys before the three of them returned to the party with guilty smiles on their faces.
I flipped ahead randomly until I finally found another of my wife and brought it up full screen.
Nicole was leaning back against a wall. She still had her bra on, as well as her panties, well partially anyway.
There was a guy who looked like a surfer dude with shaggy hair standing in front of her. I recognized him as Eric, one of the groomsmen from Greg and Aimee's wedding party and also a guest at our own wedding. He was supporting himself with one hand on the wall, his other hand had pulled her panties down, just past her hips, and was cupping her pussy. Judging by Nicole's closed eyes and the big smile on her face, she seemed to be rather enjoying what he was doing and not bothered at all by the other half dozen people in the room watching her get fingered.
My cell phone rang and I almost jumped out of my skin from the unexpected call.
The phone's display showed Nicole's cheerful face and I quickly composed myself and answered.
"Hey hon," I said trying to sound as natural as possible.
"Hey, Mike," Nicole smiled through the phone. "Did you get a chance to grab the pictures?"
"Yeah," I said glancing back at the picture on the screen of Nicole getting fingered. "I was just giving a quick look to make sure it's the right one."
"Awesome," she replied. "Well come over soon. We're dying to see them."
"On my way," I said and we ended the call.
I ejected the DVD and placed it back in the duffel bag, just in case someone else happened to come by, checked on the cats once more and hurried out the door to head home.
I'm not surprised Nicole didn't want to talk about the party, I can see how she might worry how I'd react. It's more than I initially expected but not by far the worse thing I could imagine, it's not like there was a giant orgy going on. Although, admittedly there are lots more photos.
Hopping in my car I headed down the road back to my house to see Nicole. I thought about what I saw and let it all soak in, ultimately deciding that I was completely okay with all of it. In fact, I wondered if I could get that some of that craziness into our relationship.
--
"Hey Nicole, I got the wedding photos!" I called out as I let myself into our place.
"Sweet!" I heard her call as she hurried to greet me followed closely by Rachel.
Nicole gave me a quick kiss then snatched the USB stick from my hand and sprinted to her computer.
"I can't wait to see them!" She gushed as she disappeared down the hall.
"Hey Mike, thanks for picking them up for us," Rachel smiled at me and motioned for me to follow her with her finger. "Come watch the show with us."
As she turned to follow Nicole I admired the skin tight gray leggings that Rachel was wearing. They showed off her fantastic ass without the faintest hint of a panty line.
"Aimee said there's a great one of you and Nicky dancing together," she said turning her head and catching me staring at her ass.
"What?" I said shrugging.
Rachel laughed and her little smile and sparkling brown eyes showed me she didn't mind at all.
We entered our small den where Nicole keeps her computer. She was already at the desk and had plugged in the USB drive to start the slideshow.
Rachel joined me on the small loveseat to watch the photos. Even though there wasn't a lot of room, I couldn't help but feel Rachel was sitting closer than she needed to. Especially when she rotated, lifted her legs and rested them on my lap, discreetly brushing my cock with her calf as she did so. She delighted in my discomfort and gave a quiet giggle.
"Look how pretty Aimee looked," Nicole sighed not caring that Rachel was torturing me with her perfect legs. "I hope I looked that good on my wedding day."
"Of course you did. You were stunning," I said trying to hide a growing tent in my pants.
"Aww, you're so sweet," Nicole smiled.
She turned her attention back to the monitor to watch the rest of the show.
There were lots of great photos, unfortunately it was hard to concentrate on them when Rachel kept brushing her leg across my now painfully stiff cock 'by accident.'
"These are the best photos ever," Nicole said as the slideshow ended. "You can always count my friends to bring lots of cameras to a party."
Judging from the DVD it sounded like she was right, and I wondered what else I might find.
"I wish I could stay longer but I've got to get going," Rachel said to Nicole. "I've got a few things to do before going out tonight."
"Okay, I'll call you after dinner," my wife replied and the two friends got up to leave.
"Good seeing you again," Rachel smiled and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. As she left the room she paused momentarily in the doorway and turned her head to look at me. It was almost like she wanted to catch me looking at her ass again. Which I was. And of course, I was caught again.
Rachel smiled and quickly slipped her leggings down giving me a way too brief flash of her bare ass before she quickly disappeared down the hall after Nicole.
I wasn't sure if I was happy or sad to see her go. In any case, I stayed on the loveseat until my erection went away.
After Rachel left for home, Nicole quickly whipped up a batch of pasta and we sat down for dinner together.
"The wedding was so much fun wasn't it?" My wife said as she spun some spaghetti on her fork.
"Yeah," I replied. "I think it's cool that you've been able to keep in touch with all your friends from college."
"They're the best," Nicole smiled. "We always did everything together."
"So what's with you giving Rachel a dirty look over Freshman Week?" I asked, wondering if she'd tell me anything about the party.
My wife laughed. "Did I? I know you don't want to hear about that stuff so I was just trying to change the subject."
"Well, it's not necessarily that I don't want to hear. It's more that it doesn't matter," I said.
"Oh. Well, it was just a typical party for us," Nicole said shrugging. "Drinking, dancing, sometimes girls would flash the guys. You know, just college stuff."
"Did Rachel flash any guys?" I asked.
"No comment," my wife laughed.
"I'll take that as I yes," I smiled. "Too bad I missed it."
"Trust me. Hang around Rachel long enough and it's only a matter of time before you see everything," she smiled. "I'd be surprised if she hasn't tried flashing you already."
Well, I did just see her ass, so my wife wasn't lying.
I decided to drop the party for now. There was no need to interrogate my wife over it and it didn't seem like she was going to tell me anything interesting anyway. I knew about the photos and what I saw didn't bother me.
"Speaking of Rachel," Nicole said. "She wants me to meet her tonight for some drinks. You okay with me doing a girls only thing?"
"Yeah, that's alright. I have some stuff I can do anyway," I said. "We can spend tomorrow together."
"Sounds good," she said as she finished her meal. "Are you up for a quicky before I get ready?"
"Am I ever," I smiled.
Nicole cleared off the table then took my hand to lead me to the bedroom. That's when something clicked in me. If wanted Nicole to be more like that girl in the photos, it was up to me to make it happen.
I stopped her before we even left the dining room.
"Something wrong?" she asked, suddenly looking concerned.
"Not at all," I smiled and pulled her towards me in a tight embrace.
She gave a little gasp as I kissed her and ran my hands up her sides, cupping her breasts over her shirt.
Nicole giggled, "Someone's in a hurry."
I moved her up against the wall, pinning her there. With one hand I raised her hands above her head and held them there I continued to massage her tits with the other. Nicole bit her lower lip and stared into my eyes, she offered no resistance at all.
This was going as well as I could have hoped. I could tell Nicole was getting into it when soft little moans and giggles escaped her lips.
Kissing and feeling her tits was fun, but I wanted to go further. My hand left her breast and traveled down her side to her skirt. I found the button and zipper and with a little effort managed to undo it with one hand. Her skirt fell silently to the floor.
Without freeing her hands, I hooked my fingers in the waistband of her panties and tried to pull them down. Nicole wiggled her hips to help me remove them and soon they joined her skirt at her feet.
Her pussy was now exposed for me and I cupped it with my hand, gently running my finger across her slit as I massaged her mound. Nicole responded by spreading her legs and tilting her pelvis to give me easier access to her. My wife let out a groan and her eyelids fluttered when I slid a finger up inside her. Nicole was already starting to get wet and soon I was able to add a second finger.
"Put them all the way in, then curl your fingers forward," she whispered.
I did as she asked.
"Just a little more..."
Nicole was always good at telling me what she liked when I fingered or licked her pussy.
"Good... Keep your hand just like that," she sighed. "That's perfect."
I held my hand in place, my fingers buried deep in her pussy as Nicole started rotating her hips.
"Oh, god that's good," she whimpered. "Your fingers are in just the right spot."
I thought she might actually cum like that, she was getting herself really worked up. My fingers were getting slick with as she jerked her hips and fucked my hand but she didn't want to cum that way, she wanted something else.
"I need your dick in me," she said, almost begging.
I let go of her hands and Nicole deftly undid my pants and pulled them down. My cock bobbed in the air now that it was free from its confines. I kicked my pants aside and Nicole lept into my arms. She wrapped her legs around me and slid down my body until my penis rested against her pussy.
With a sly little smile, she wiggled down until I impaled her on my cock.
"Fuck me," she demanded. "Now."
Without letting my dick slip out of her, I turned and set Nicole down on the edge of the dining room table. It was just the right height that I was able to fuck her right there.
It was no secret to me that Nicole loved sex, but she seemed even more eager and into it than she normally was.
Nicole unwrapped her legs from around me and brought her knees up, letting me drive deep into her pussy. She reached around and grabbed my ass and started pulling me into her, trying to get me inside as far as possible.
I was scared we were going to break the table as I banged into Nicole, but there was no way she was going to let go or let me stop.
"Keep going, I'm going to cum," she squeaked.
I knew I couldn't hold out for long when she's this excited, her enthusiasm just pushes me right over the edge. Gritting my teeth I held off as long as I could to allow Nicole to finish. I'd never seen her cum so fast before, I was only inside for her for a couple minutes before she grunted out a surprisingly loud orgasm.
I held out just long enough and unloaded my sperm deep inside her just as she finished cumming.
Nicole finally released her grip on me and I was able to pull out. I leaned back against the wall and looked at my wife as she lay collapsed on the table, her legs were still spread open for me as they dangled off the edge. Her pussy glistened with our combined juices.
"That was... amazing..." She sighed. "You got me so turned on."
"I couldn't wait for the bedroom," I smiled. "I needed you now."
"When you feel that way you should just take me," she grinned. "Rip off my panties and take me. I'm all yours whenever you want."
I helped Nicole to our bed. She wanted a short rest before she needed to get ready to go out with Rachel. I kissed her on the cheek and crashed on the sofa happy with how things went.
Maybe finding the photos was a good thing.
--
Nicole had barely left for the evening with Rachel before I hopped in my car and headed back to Greg's place.
The cats were happy to see me again and they followed me to the computer room to see what I was up to.
"You guys can keep a secret right?" I said to the calico rubbing up against my leg.
I dug the spindle out of his duffel bag and popped the Freshman Week DVD back in the computer. I had the urge to see more.
The folders opened on the screen and I decided to start with one that had some video files in it this time. Unlike the photos which just had random numbers for their names, the videos were labeled by the girl.
Amanda... Aimee... Elise... Nicole... Rachel...
I had no idea who some of the girls were and I'm sure I'd take a peek later, but for now, I was interested in Nicole. In this folder there were three videos of her labeled Nicole, Nicole-2m, and Nicole-face.
I paused over the first Nicole video, then had a change of mind and moved to Rachel. She had two videos and I clicked on the first one to launch it full screen.
There was no waiting for the action as I was greeted by Rachel getting fucked. The beautiful blonde was on her back with her butt propped up on a pillow at the edge of the bed. Her long legs were held up in the air by her ankles and spread wide by Greg giving him full access to her smooth pussy. The camera angle showed everything as I watched his cock plunge repeatedly into Rachel's wet slit.
The sounds of the creaking bed and her loud cries filled the room as they blasted out of the small computer speakers.
"Wow she's loud," I said as I turned down the volume. "Excellent work Greg."
The quality was surprisingly good for an obviously amateur video. Greg must have had a decent camera setup.
I watched as Rachel turned her head, looked right at the camera and smiled.
"Damn," I said. "She didn't care she was being filmed too."
The video was only couple a minutes long and was over way too quick for my liking, so I replayed it a couple more times before moving on to the second one.
As the next video played, the camera panned slowly down her naked body as she lay back on the bed with a very satisfied look on her face. There was fresh cum, and a lot of it, visible in a line from her cute little boobs all the way down to a pool in her belly button.
As the camera paused at her used, swollen pussy, Rachel spread her legs wide apart so he could get a better shot of it.
"God, that was fantastic," Rachel sighed as she ran her fingers through the cum on her stomach. "When's round two?"
Greg laughed. "Don't worry, we have all night."
The video stopped there and I replayed it once more, savoring Rachel's incredible body.
I wondered how Aimee felt about this. The three friends were all at the party so obviously she knew about Greg and Rachel.
I reminded myself that there are two types of problems, ones that are my problem, and ones that are not my problem. Aimee knowing about Greg and Rachel was most definitely not my problem.
Now I had a decision to make. Should I, or shouldn't I watch Nicole.
I took a deep breath and selected the first Nicole video.
"That's my girl," I said as she filled the screen.
My wife-to-be was sitting on the edge of a bed. She was completely naked now, her full breasts proudly on display and looking into the camera as someone fiddled with the settings.
"Are you almost done?" she asked, looking impatient.
"Almost," I heard a voice off-screen reply. The camera zoomed in and out until it had a nice wide view of the entire bed.
"Good," Nicole smiled. "I've been waiting all night for some dick."
The guy appeared from the edge of the frame and made his way to Nicole. It was Eric, the guy that was fingering her in the photo. I have to admit, his dick was pretty impressive. Not pornstar huge, but probably a good seven or eight inches long and pretty thick as well.
Nicole scooched back on the bed, leaned back and spread her legs for him.
I was torn, part of me didn't want to watch another guy fuck my wife, but I just couldn't stop the video. I reminded myself she wasn't my girl back then. It's just amateur porn with a really hot girl that I just happen to be married to now.
Eric spread some lube on his cock then slowly eased himself inside Nicole, a little at a time, until he was fully inside her.
"Fuck that feels good," she whispered loud enough for me to hear.
He let her get accustomed to his cock then eased back and thrust into her as Nicole gasped.
Again he pulled almost all the way out, then slammed into her again.
"That's it, give it to me," she said.
Surfer guy Eric was like a machine as he pistoned into Nicole. His stamina was pretty impressive.
"Harder," Nicole begged.
I'm not sure the guy could go any harder, but he sure tried. Eric hooked her legs over his shoulders and drove his cock deep into her.
After a few minutes, Nicole was clawing at his back and grunting out an orgasm. I know her well enough that there was no way she was faking it.
Eric slowed down, but still kept himself fully inside Nicole until her legs stopped quivering. He slowly pulled out his cock which was still fully erect and glistening with her juices. From the look of things, he hadn't cum yet.
"Flip over," he said to Nicole as she lay dazed, spread-eagled on the bed. That's where the video ended.
"Damn," I muttered. That was really fucking hot. Weird to watch, but really hot.
I didn't even pause to think about the second one, I launched it right away.
Nicole was on her hands and knees now and Eric was fucking her from behind. I watched as her hanging breasts swung wildly in time to his thrusts.
Another guy entered the picture that I instantly recognized as Darren. He's not really a friend but he has been over to Greg and Aimee's place on some of the occasions while we were over there for a BBQ. He walked up to Nicole and held his dick in front of her face.
Nicole didn't say anything, she just looked up at him, smiled and opened her mouth. Darren put his hand on the back of her head and slipped his cock between her lips like it was the most natural thing to do.
I sat back speechless. I was completely stunned watching Nicole getting spit-roasted by these two guys. By the way she was handling things, it sure appeared this wasn't her first time doing it either.
Nicole was sandwiched between them for a good minute before Eric spoke up.
"Don't you have your own girl?" he laughed. "Where's Rachel and Aimee?"
"They're busy," he smiled. "So I thought I'd try out Nicky. I heard she gives the best head."
Darren pulled out of Nicole's mouth and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Thanks for the BJ," he said.
"Anytime," she replied with a smile.
With the Darren gone, Eric reached forward with one hand, wrapped her long hair around it and pulled back.
"Ouch," I thought. That's a little rough.
Obviously not to Nicole. It didn't bother her one bit, in fact, her moans grew even louder and I watched her grunt out a second big orgasm as Eric pounded into her. The video ended as Eric slipped his cock out of her told her to roll over.
"I've gone this far, I may as well watch the last one," I said looking at the one marked Nicole-face. I clicked on the file and watched my girl fill the screen. She was laying on her back again. The guy had the camera in his hand now and was hovering over her, pointing down at her face.
"You want to cum on my face too? Just like Eric?" Nicole asked with a big smile. It looked like there was already a drying streak of cum on her cheek and forehead.
"Yeah," Darren's voice said.
"Why not," she laughed. "Looks like I'm the designated facial girl tonight."
Nicole closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide as his cock entered the frame. Darren furiously stroked for a few moments until he started spurting. The first shot landed across her nose and Nicole didn't even flinch in the slightest. The second rope went directly in her mouth while the next hit her forehead and into her hair. I don't know how much more he came after that as he stuffed his cock in her mouth after the third spurt. Nicole happily sucked him dry until he pulled out and the video ended.
I glanced down at the stack of DVDs. I wondered what other surprises were on them and if I could handle it.
--
I didn't know when Nicole would come back home, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't still at Greg's place when she got back so I didn't stay long. I saw more than enough for now anyway.
It turned out there wasn't really any rush though, Nicole didn't stumble in until after 2am. She tried to be quiet but was bumping into things and generally making a lot more noise than she intended. I wasn't asleep yet so it didn't bother me and I found her drunken clumsiness rather amusing.
"Have a good night?" I asked flipping on the bedside light.
"Yeah," she smiled. "Sorry for waking you."
"No worries," I replied. "I was still awake."
I watched my wife undress and toss her clothes aside before crawling into bed with me naked.
"Is that for me?" she giggled when she noticed my erection.
I pulled Nicole close to me and kissed her on her neck, making my way down to her fantastic boobs.
"This is a nice way to welcome me home," she giggled as she held her nipple up to my lips.
My hand slipped between her legs. I could already feel the heat building up inside her. Nicole returned the favor by grabbing my cock and stroking me.
We played with each other until I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to fuck Nicole, and I needed it now.
I grabbed my wife by the hips and guided her to her hands and knees. She wiggled her ass for me as I got into position behind her.
My cock slid up and down her slit, getting her ready before I lined up it up and pushed inside.
Nicole moaned as I penetrated her.
"Wow you're hard tonight," she whispered. "You feel amazing."
She felt amazing too. Nicole's always been tight and tonight was no exception. Her pussy was like a warm vice on my cock as I started moving in and out of her.
My thoughts drifted back to the video. I didn't want to think about Eric or anyone else fucking her right now, but I wanted to do what they did. I wanted Nicole to cum hard like that from my cock.
I grabbed her hips and picked up the pace, fucking her harder. Much harder than I normally do. I was worried at first about hurting her but those fears were completely unfounded. Nicole loved it.
"You can go harder," she encouraged me. "It feels really good."
Reaching forward I grabbed her ponytail and wrapped it around my hand. I gave it a gentle tug.
"Oh!" she said, sounding surprised. "Pull harder."
I tugged a little more.
"It's okay," she insisted. "Pull harder, a lot harder."
I yanked a little harder as I slammed into her.
"Yes," she said. "Like that."
My wife arched her back and groaned as I plunged inside her pussy over and over again.
"Fuck my little cunt!" she demanded. "Harder!"
I've never heard Nicole say the C word before, in fact she said she hated it. I smiled. I must be doing a good job.
"Fuck. My. Cunt!" she cried out again.
I took a deep breath and tried to go even harder. The bed was shaking and the headboard was slamming up against the wall so hard I was worried I was going to drive it right into the next room.
Nicole's legs started to tremble, she was getting close now and it was going to be a big one.
I thought I was going to break Nicole in half with how hard I was pounding into her, but she was taking all I could give her and kept demanding more.
Finally, she let out the biggest orgasm I've ever heard from her. Her body quivered uncontrollably as she slumped to the mattress underneath me.
I didn't know how I managed to hold out this long, but I was ready to cum now, and I wanted something different this time.
"I want to cum on you," I said pulling out and flipping my wife over.
"Okay," she panted, still partially in a daze. "Where? My boobs?"
"Your face," I replied as I quickly moved up to straddle her chest.
"Let me finish the job," she said, reaching for my cock.
My wife wrapped her hands around my shaft and started tugging. Her grip was perfect, she stroked with one hand and gently massaged my balls with the other.
"How's that," she purred.
"Perfect," I moaned. "Here it comes."
Nicole closed her eyes as I erupted all over her beautiful face. I don't remember ever cumming so much in my life, I plastered her forehead, her nose, her lips, and even got some in her hair. My wife expertly stroked until I was finished, then leaned forward and sucked the tip, taking the last few drops in her mouth.
I looked down at my exhausted wife, admiring my handwork for a few moments.
"That was a lot," she laughed. "How do I look?"
"Amazing," I replied.
"Do you want to take a picture?" Nicole asked. "I don't mind being your personal pornstar. Then you can look at them whenever you like."
I quickly grabbed my camera and snapped a whole bunch of pics of my beautiful cum covered wife before she went to clean herself up. I rather liked the idea of starting my own private collection.
"Fuck you were good. I really liked how aggressive you were tonight," she said when she returned from the bathroom. "I don't think I can handle that every night, I'm going to be walking funny for days as it is, but it will be fun to do it like that again sometimes."
"I really liked it too," I replied. "You were amazing."
"So where'd you get these ideas from?" she smiled as she lay down beside me. "Were you watching porn or something while I was out?"
"Kind of," I laughed.
"Well, it doesn't bother me if you do. If you ever see anything you want to try, just let me know," she said. "I'm always up for trying new things with you."
I think I'll take her up on that offer.