This is a crossover story. You can read the four stories in any order.
*****
Part 1
Ashley twirled a lock of auburn hair around her index finger as she sat behind the welcome-desk of the gym. The days were slow. The weather was far too nice for people to show up at the gym at this time of day. Work, school, and the great outdoors kept the place the opposite of busy. After the early risers had been and gone, the only other employee scheduled to work for that day left, knowing they'd only need one person working during what was affectionately called the "no-sweat hours."
Leaning over the top of the counter, Ashley contemplated her options. She'd go entire shifts without seeing a single person. She regretted not remembering to bring a book to read during this time. She tapped her foot on the ground behind her, trying to keep a rhythm to at least busy herself in any sort of way.
That tapping of her feet though eventually caused the shoe to work its way loose. The ties weren't well done, which destined the foot to pop out! The action was minor, and something easily fixed, but not for Ashley. Something about that action sparked a thought inside her head. Suddenly the boredom vanished and a shiver rocketed down her spine. She was no longer truly in her work appropriate clothes; she was now missing a shoe.
Instead of slipping her foot back in, she raised it more and let the shoe flop to the ground. She then placed her sock covered foot to the ground next to it. She wiggled her toes and rubbed the foot against the smooth tiled floor.
"Oh Ashley, that's hardly appropriate! I'm afraid we can't let you help customers when you're sooo indecent!" Ashley said in a mocking voice to herself. She then lifted her other foot up, and pressed the back of the heel against the floor. "Yeah, well this is what I think of your rules Boss!" and she popped the other shoe off.
Ashley felt positively naughty to be without her shoes at work. Such an innocent thing, but it was terribly taboo a feeling to Ashley. She though also knew where it could lead.
A loud "Ding!" echoed the lobby along with a quick yelp from Ashley! In that moment, a customer appeared and Ashley felt as if she was caught doing a horrible crime!
"Hello. How are you today?" The short haired blond woman asked Ashley. Ashley seized up a bit but realized her state of undress was a secret. The counter easily blocked her feet from view.
"I'm doing well. How about you?" she replied. She couldn't keep from nervously shifting her weight from foot to foot. This was only making it harder to forget that she was without her shoes though, feeling only a thin layer of white cotton separating her skin from the floor!
"I've got my membership card... wait... where is it...?" the woman said as she started to search her bag.
"Can't find it?" Ashley asked.
"Just one of those days," the woman said with a nervous giggle. After a bit of searching, Ashley realized she should probably start searching for the customer information. She also began to bring a toe up to the top of one of her socks and start to push at the garment. Something felt naughty about actually trying to undress herself in front of a customer!
After a few questions, Ashley was able to help the lady out of her predicament. Ashley verified that she was a member. She also got one of her socks down enough so it hung only on the toe. She could feel it about to fall off; it would even fall if she moved her foot just a little. "Enjoy your time here!" Ashley said to the guest. Just as the blond turned, Ashley let the sock fall to the floor. A shiver ran back up her spine at the thought of successfully removing a piece of clothing while having a conversation with someone!
Ashley wasn't sure if she was more shocked by the fact that she had a person come in to work out, or by how bold she felt she had been by taking off the spare sock. She now had a totally bare foot exposed, contrasting with the covered one. She shook the bare one around, just relishing in the freedom.
When she set the uncovered foot down, she loved just how bare it felt, specially compared to the other one. Actually, she was a bit bothered by the difference; she wanted the same feeling of freedom on both feet.
Ashley turned, hopped, and sat her bottom onto the counter. She lifted both feet and stared inquisitively at them. Even visually, the asymmetrical nature bothered her. Her shorts left most of her legs bare, and the tiny sock on just one of her feet seemed off. She wanted to see both her feet uncovered in the workplace.
She drew her feet further upwards and towards herself, rubbing both ankles tenderly under the soft pads of her fingertips. She then snapped the top end of the remaining sock. A finger sneaked its way in and pulled the material taught. It began to tug and wiggle the elastic from side to side, slowly lowering the sock as it did.
To Ashley, something like this action was surely a thing you only do in private. Something you do alone in your room so you could prepare for bed or a shower. Now though, she was doing it right in the open lobby of the place she worked!
When she got to the heel, she pushed the cotton over it. Something about getting clothes past their toughest to past spot always made Ashley gasp out loud. In anticipation for the moment she held her breath. The sudden feeling of being past the toughest point was relieving as well. So without much effort, she took the sock from her foot, and let both bare feet dangle over the side of the counter.
Ashley was feeling really good. Her act of rebellion wasn't just in what she wore, but what she was doing. Sitting on the desk, her back to the front door was not something a proper employee did. Ashley was sure she'd be alone. After a few more minutes of this, she felt very confident that she was going to be alone till the afternoon.
A bit of guilt struck Ashley. She was enjoying herself far too much while 'not working'. Deep down inside, she knew she should at least try to earn her paycheck properly. So when she noticed she was running low on a few supplies at the front desk, she decided she should go hunt some extras down.
She grabbed hold of her socks, and raised a foot to slip into one. She was going to get redressed, but then thought of how devilishly fun it could be to make the journey barefoot. She reasoned it was unlikely she'd run into the girl from before so she tucked her socks into her shoes instead, and stored them away in a cabinet under the counter.
Padding across the floor and down the hall, Ashley was making her way to the storage room. She took careful steps, both as if she was sneaking, but also to savor every step. Her body was so sensitive when exposed, even if minutely. The same trip she made daily was suddenly new and different.
In the store room, she began to gather her supplies. A few odd items like receipt paper were grabbed to help get her through the day, or if she were being honest, for the next few weeks considering how slow business was.
As she was reaching up to get something from a high shelf, Ashley found her stretched out body was slipping from her clothes, though in the slightest of ways. Though slight, it still made her heart race. Her soft cotton shirt rose up, the hem tickling her stomach slightly. She could also feel her shorts slip partially. When she looked down, she saw the hints of her black panties peeking out from the blue shorts. Her heart thumped ever greater when she considered the possibility of being like this while someone were around.
No one was around. She was the only one working, and she was in an 'Employee Only' room. She swayed her hips in that moment of realization, letting her shirt hem tease waist back and forth. Ashley leaned forward some, allowing the gap under the shirt grow larger, thus letting air in that tickled her torso.
She grabbed the item on the high shelf and stepped back. She looked down, and found her shorts still a bit lowered, of course not having been able to lift themselves up. Her shirt wasn't quite long enough to hide her shorts, and that meant that sliver of skin and black cotton was still on show between the two pieces of outerwear.
"Don't want to come back up? I'll admit, I'd rather you stayed there or lower too," Ashley said, talking to her shorts. She giggled at the thought of talking to her clothing; the loneliness of the shift was starting to show.
Yet that feeling of being alone made her think some more. Did she really have to pull her shorts back up? The halls would be empty still; only one guest was around...
Ashley turned to the door and opened it. She was right, the halls looked empty. It was a short walk back to her desk. She dared herself to keep her shorts where they were till she was there.
She had supplies in hands, her shorts were just barely letting anyone get a peek of her underwear-color choice of the day, and she felt ready to go. She stepped out into the hall, still very aware that her feet were bare. She closed the door behind her and made her way back to the desk.
Ashley's bare midriff was experiencing a tantalizing feeling. She'd seen many of the people using the gym show more skin, but it still seemed to mean so much more to her. She delighted in the feeling, and was giddy the whole way back, although a tad nervous as well.
When she got back, she felt triumphant. She had completed her self-dare, and she rubbed the upper band of her panties just to make sure they really were there. The lobby was as empty as when she left it too. She slipped some fingers between the panties and shorts, and ran them around her body. In a way, they felt useless as she felt them be lifted away from her body in different areas.
"Useless clothing... shouldn't be worn, right?" Ashley asked herself. She then tugged the shorts down further. "A little of my panties, or all of my panties, it's all the same really," she reasoned with herself as she got the shorts to her hips. "No one can see me from the other side of the desk... so what would be the difference?" she wondered aloud. Then with another push, gravity did the rest of the work and her shorts found her ankles! She then knew the difference, that the thrill was multiple levels greater!
She nervously moved closer to the counter, feeling she needed to fix her sudden increase in exposure. Besides her ankles now, her legs were bare. The bikini cut on her panties in no way offered them any protection. The black material was far from looking like any sort of clothing; it was clearly a cute pair of panties!
Shorts around her ankles wouldn't really make her look in anyway dressed, if anything, somehow more undressed. That was at least Ashley's reasoning as she slipped her feet from the garment. Her shorts were lying on the ground of her workplace! She stepped on the shorts and slid the pair around the floor. She watched herself do this, her outstretched bare leg pushing her very own shorts around!
As she got into the motions, she turned and rested her backside against the side of the counter. Her shortless state was very well hidden from the world, and so she was happy to keep playing. Her bottom wiggled and rubbed her pantied butt against the surface behind her. She loved all the feelings. Air conditioning on her legs, her foot on her shorts gliding across the ground, and her barely covered butt rubbing against company property!
With a playful flick, she kicked her shorts away from the counter and towards the back wall. She felt like time was flying, that is until her heart sank and everything seemed to stop. A loud ringing noise filled her ears and she felt she was really in for it!
Luckily, it was just the phone, the eternal line was ringing. A moment of shock and panic made it so Ashley was slow to answer the device. She realized she was at least safe for the moment, and finally picked up the receiver.
"Umm... this is... I mean... the main desk," Ashley said. She was so nervous. Though it was a conversation over the phone, she had some kind of feeling as if she had to hide the fact she had her panties on show.
"Oh yes, I was wondering if maybe we could get some extra towels in the changing room? We're good for now, but before hitting the exercise room I thought I might warn you. Seem to be low on them back here. Later that could be a problem," a woman said from the other side of the line. Ashley figured it was the blond from earlier. Ashley was almost surprised she would still be in the locker room.
"Sure, right away Miss, I'll get on that," she said, never one to turn down a request from a guest. The two hung up, and Ashley again made a motion to reach for her shorts.
"The extra towels are in the yoga room... that's a bit of a ways away from the locker room... I could grab them first, and then come back for my shorts after..." Ashley said. She was starting to think about making the trip sans-shorts. The idea was nuts, but she felt it would be fun too.
She started to rethink the idea though. She could easily be caught on the way there or back. Somewhere, the guest was in the building. She could even have someone else arrive. Could she get behind the counter again before someone saw?
Ashley crouched down, wanting to hide as she was distracted by her thoughts. She was feeling very exposed, this was where she worked after all. It's one thing to be undressed in public, but she had to uphold a certain level of professionalism.
On the other hand, Ashley hadn't had this much fun during "no sweat hours" ever. Her blood was racing and heart beating faster than probably half the people who used this gym. The feelings were always far too intoxicating for poor Ashley. She wanted to control herself, but she found herself looking away from her shorts, and instead towards the hall.
She turned a left, heading towards the west wing. She walked, knowing that she had only panties on from the waist down. Her shirt didn't hide them, her hands at her sides didn't hide them, and surely the shorts, socks, and shoes she left behind didn't hide her panties either!
Every step she was farther from the cover that could make her decent. She felt the way her body moved, the way that her panties hugged her shape. She was so much more aware of them now that they were exposed. She was so distracted she didn't pay much attention as she walked into the yoga room, and was quickly surprised to see a blonde!
The blonde in the sports bra hadn't seen Ashley come in; Ashley didn't even get a good look at her. Ashley was sure no one else was at the gym though, so it had to be the same girl. Ashley was able to quickly side step out of sight. It seemed that somehow the guest had beaten her to the yoga room. Didn't she say she was going to the exercise room? Ashley quickly got to a pile of towels on a cart nearby. She held the pile in front of her panties, hoping it would be enough cover. She hadn't been noticed yet, so she was happy to step away unseen with the towels. She didn't even take time to think or observe.
Ashley sighed with relief. She was again in the hallway, not much more covered, but she dodged what was one of her worst worries. She now was again alone, and at least knew that the risk was all behind her. The only guest was in the room, and she had the rest of the building to herself. So once more, she walked down the hall, constantly checking over her shoulder to make sure the guest wouldn't see her.
Ashley at Work
By Jappio
Part 2
The pile of towels she held in front of her waist did little to really hide her current clothing state. They only covered her lap. Bare legs and the hem of her t-shirt were exposed on either side. From the side or behind, her panties were clear as day. Even her feet were bare as she stepped down the tiled hall.
She approached the lobby area, spotting her desk. That was where her shorts, socks, and shoes were. She was about ready to grab them, put them on, and be decent again. Thinking about it, Ashley knew that the only guest was behind her. They wouldn't need the locker room again for awhile either. It was a totally safe trip. Being in the locker room would be a safe enough place to be without shorts too, so there would be little harm if the guest did visit the room.
The temptation was strong for some reason. Getting herself back into the clothing seemed like a chore, as if it would be like shackling herself and restricting herself of freedom and fun. Why do such a thing if she could safely enjoy her freedom just a little longer?
Ashley no longer stared towards the counter she normally sat. Instead, she began to walk again. She was going to continue to walk down the hall with her panties on show! Ashley even held the pile of towels higher, more against her abdomen. She left her lower half as exposed as possible in her short jaunt towards the locker room.
With every step, Ashley could feel the cotton of her panties shift. She marveled at what it felt like to have her legs totally bare. Somehow, it still felt new, even though she had her legs bare many times in her life. Perhaps it was because of where she was, or how strongly the contrast of being covered and uncovered was for her. Yet she savored that feeling greatly, and was a bundle of smiles as she opened the door the women's locker room.
Ashley was alone in the room, as expected. She quickly set the towels down where they needed to be. She could have sworn there had been more there earlier. She didn't mind though, a bit of extra work was fine to help keep the mind off how boring the day was.
It was a nice way to make herself do something extremely risky and exciting. Though she was in a locker room, a room where many women have been more undressed than she was, she still enjoyed the thought of how she was dressed. She was an employee, not there to change, and yet she was without her shorts. Her shorts weren't even with her, they were down the hall!
She walked around the room. Ashley pretended like she was inspecting it, but really she was just mentally checking off a list of different areas that she was wandering without more than half her work uniform. It felt like a sort of accomplishment. She was here, there, and everywhere in that room, and she did it with bare feet and her black cotton on show.
Stopping in front of the locker, Ashley thought about times in the past. Locker rooms were tough for her, especially after a workout or gym class. She remembered how much she hated to actually redress. She was always too shy to take off too much or stay undressed with the other girls around. However, when her body was sweaty and tired, the last thing she ever wanted to do was keeping anything on or putting anything on. She always wished she could toss her bra across the room, and take off her tiny panties.
Now, alone in the room, Ashley pretended she was able to do as she wished she could back in the day. She slipped her thumbs under the waistband of the panties. She wiggled her hips and arched her back. She hummed to herself, complaining of the heat and how tired she was from working out. The panties rounded the surface of her bottom first, the smooth skin tickled by the downward moving fabric.
Ashley giggled. The feeling was too wonderful for her to describe. The panties had started to feel restrictive the more she kept thinking about them. Having them off now only seemed natural. So with a few more shakes of her hips, she finished dropping the tiny piece of cotton to her feet. She shivered with delight as she felt the material go past her toes as she removed a foot one at time from them.
She reached down and dangled the tiny black material over her toes. Ashley wondered how something that looked so harmless was always so nice to get rid of. She moved her hips left and right exaggeratingly, just feeling the air swish past them. She was now completely bottomless!
She moved her feet apart, and looked around the room. She then looked down at herself. Even visually she loved how naked her lower half was. Her shirt was a reminder of what it was like to be covered. Her lower half didn't envy her upper half.
She checked around herself again. Though she was in a locker room, it still wasn't normal to be standing totally bottomless like that. Most women were business like about it, quickly getting to what they had to do. On such a slow work day though, Ashley was going to let herself have some time. The only guest had only just started exercising, so Ashley should have the place to herself.
Ashley sat down on the bench next to her. The cool wooden bench was a new feeling for sure to her, and she always loved that when she undressed. Some sort of flame of adventure burned bright in her when she could experience new things while exposed. Something like that bench, so smooth and different against the bare skin of bottom was a wondrous feeling. She couldn't help but wiggle in her seat to really cement the feeling.
The ground itself was also a new feeling. She had noticed it with every step she took around the room. Even now while sitting she shifted weight from each foot just to get a better feeling for it all.
"I wish I didn't have to put these panties back on..." Ashley thought, gazing at them again. They looked somehow ever smaller now, and therefore even more of a pain to put on.
Yet why should she put them back on? She didn't really need them. If she got her shorts back on, no one would know. No one was there to catch her not putting her panties back on. Having them on or not for her trip back wouldn't help really. If someone saw her in the panties, she'd be in just as much trouble.
The thoughts built on each other. They gathered and formed together into what seemed like an unbeatable argument. Ashley couldn't possibly see a reason to put the panties on anymore. So much so, she was sure she could practically get rid of them.
In front of her was a locker, the door open. She knew if she closed it, it would automatically lock, and it would be some work for her to get the combination for that particular one. Anything inside it would be unreachable without some extra work...
With a flick of her wrist, the pair of black panties flew through the air and into the small compartment. Ashley didn't' even hesitate to reach up and shut it closed. She took mental note of the number, "G06," and just got up and walked way! Ashley didn't care at all that she no longer had to deal with the obnoxious garment any longer.
On her feet, and walking away, her being truly bottomless and locked from any sort of bottom wear hit her hard. Yet it wasn't a bad feeling. Sure, there was a slight level of worry, but there were also other feelings. The contrast between feeling so free but also trapped was a strong mix.
She figured she would look silly if anyone else were around. Other girls would be changing into something, or undress more and heading towards the showers. None of them would be walking bottomless to the door!
Ashley was ready to get back to the front desk. Not so much to get her shorts, but rather to be bottomless somewhere as risk as that. She wanted that very badly, and so she had to get out of the locker room. She tugged the door open, and moved her half naked body into the hall!
There, Ashley stood proudly. She saw she was alone, no one in either direction. Her hands still shook with excitement as she patted her hips and thighs, feeling that they were indeed unclothed. She rubbed the back of her ankle with the other foot to make sure she was without shoes. She didn't need to do anything to see if she was exposed between the legs; the air-conditioned breeze of the hall was enough to let her know that.
"No big deal, I'm just practically naked at work," Ashley joked with herself. Though she was acting confident, her legs were stiff as she started to walk. Her pace was slow as she headed towards the unknown. She remembered there was of course no stopping anyone from being there. They could come in the front door, or the guest who was already there could be going to a new room.
Yet with that worry, Ashley kept her hands away from her body. Ashley let herself be bare and exposed. She was resolved to do what she wanted. She made her bed; she was going to lie in it.
Ashley hadn't even thought about using something like a towel from the locker room for cover. No, walking with her butt and sex exposed was the only option available to someone like her. Ashley was someone who stubbornly went with the flow. She could never get away from an idea she had. Any little thing she thought was something she'd go all in on, 100%.
As she drew closer to the lobby, Ashley slowed even more. She couldn't hear anyone thankfully, and approached the corner as carefully as could be. She got close to the wall, keeping her lower half out of sight as much as possible. She had never had to sneak up on her own work spot before.
As she peered around the corner, the coast appeared clear. She checked down the hall both ways as she dashed out towards the counter!
In a brief moment, in the middle of the run, Ashley became very self-aware of being totally bottomless in the center of the room. She was exposed at every angle with no way to hide herself. The doors could open, someone could come from down the hall... it all was potential risks. Yet Ashley still felt incredible, deep inside. The adrenaline was delicious to her, and she was very thankful she decided to take a risk she would also admit was far too insane at the same time.
Time ticked forward again as Ashley's run continued. She bounded towards the side of her desk, swung waist high door open, and was once more where she was supposed to be. Ashley was still very indecently dressed for work, but she was at least back to where her shoes, socks, and shorts were waiting for her to arrive.
Putting on the clothing was the last thing on her mind though. Ashley was shivering with excitement over her truly bottomless streak down the hall. Ashley was tingling with both adrenaline and arousal in that moment. She felt more alive than ever. Her accomplishment would surely be one that she'd never forget.
Ashley spun in place, letting her shirt hem twirl. She kept looking down. Ashley loved the contrast, everything from her shirt; to her lower, and naked, half; and to the floor below. She again brought her hands to her hips, lap, and thighs. Ashley even rounded them to the back, squeezing her bare cheeks. Bare flesh on her hands, a feeling she also loved. With another couple of squeezes, she was absolutely certain she was bottomless!
If it weren't for the muddled sound of someone down the hall, Ashley probably would have kept feeling herself up. However, the noise did sound just barely, and Ashley was fortunate to catch it.
Her eyes sprung wide, and her head swiveled towards the source. She wasn't sure who it was, but someone was coming towards the lobby! Her first instinct was to duck down, hide her lower half the best she could.
The shorts were still up against the wall, away from the counter, and Ashley wasn't sure she'd be able to reach them. For a moment she thought about quickly stepping over to them, but the action would take her away from the counter. She hesitated, and she hesitated again. Her heart felt as if in a vice, her body was paralyzed and unable to move, and the hairs on the back of her neck stuck up.
It was too late. Though she maybe had time to get the shorts, the gym guests who had first spurred her to hide were now no longer around the corner, but in full view of her receptionist desk. They would surely be able to see over it, and at her if she dared moved!
"Oh, she's here now! Good, we can sign in properly!" one of them called. Ashley only stuck her head up from the counter. She felt silly, but wasn't sure how well the counter could hide her from the approaching guests!
Ashley at Work
By Jappio
Part 3
She couldn't stay crouched, it would look foolish. Ashley nervously and shakily began to stand. Her thighs rubbed as she tried to stand up, and it just reminded her of her half naked state. Eventually was able to appear as if standing, though she hardly could do so fully straight not with how bad her nerves were hitting her. Ashley pressed forward, the bottom part of the hem of her shirt pinched tightly between the counter and the upper part of her pelvis.
Ashley couldn't fight the instinct to look down. She saw that she would appear to be covered in her current position but would have to hope none of the girls tried to look at her from the sides. For the first time Ashley really looked up at the new guests.
The three girls seemed mostly ordinary. She didn't recognize them as regulars. The most notable was the brunette in the center. She seemed oddly nervous, and Ashley feared this was because she was spotted. The girl seemed a tad timid though, so she hoped it was just due to being shy. It did seem odd that a girl who looked pretty shy and reserved wore such a tight fitting top. The taller brunette and shorter black haired girl stood on either side of her.
"Um... welcome... I didn't see you come in," Ashley said. She was surprised there were any more guests to have arrived. How long had they been there? When she was streaking earlier, she actually avoided a total of four people?!
"Oh, we talked earlier, I had called about the lack of towels," one of them explained. Ashley must have wrongly assumed the first guest was the one on the line earlier.
The black haired girl spoke up, "so, we forgot our cards, but we wanted to see if you could look us up? We're members at a sister location out of town. We signed in there if you're wondering when we didn't see you up here." The girl gestured to a pad of paper a few feet down the counter.
Ashley wanted to look over at the sign in sheet, but realized she couldn't move too much. Doing so would surely let them see her bare hips! "I... ok... um I'll just look you up," she tried to say. She twisted her upper body towards the computer near her, and logged in. Ashley felt the movement was a bit awkward, but wasn't sure what to do about it.
The three girls seemed to be waiting patiently as she loaded up the registry, but the girl in the center was fidgeting. Ashley too was feeling a bit wobbly. She had to do something to shift her body just a bit, but as she did, her shirt popped out from between her and the counter. The event was probably very unnoticeable to anyone, but to Ashley, it was very overt! She could feel the cloth slip away and her bare skin come into contact with the cool desk!
She suppressed a gasp, and tried to concentrate on the computer end of things. At that time, the nervous girl leaned forward. Ashley blushed on instinct, very worried of how close someone was to her half naked body! If the girl came too close, she might be able to see over the counter!
Ashley doubled her effort to hug the counter as well, and soon she was just a foot or so from the other girl. She had tried to concentrate on her computer, but she now had to get information from the girls. Facing the nervous one, Ashley felt incredibly rude. Ashley figured the shy one probably wanted a bit more space, but giving anymore would let the brunette see too much. Instead, the two were now close to each other as Ashley began to ask the necessary questions.
As she got their phone numbers and names, Ashley's nervous feet fidgeted. She drew one up and began to rub the back of her ankle. The sensation was enough to send another shiver up her body. Ashley was just a foot away from other people and she was totally bottomless! Though she didn't want to draw attention to her state, she couldn't help but turn her head to look over her shoulder. Ashley could look one way to see the three girls, and behind her she could see her own naked butt! She was at least hopeful that the three girls couldn't see it from their angle!
Mary, Jenny, and Julie were the names of the girls, and things seemed to match up. Normally, she would have to check for ID's, but Ashley wanted the conversation to end as soon as possible. Hopefully the girls would go work out more, and she'd be able to get her shorts back on!
However, after letting them know they were set, Mary, the nervous girl, didn't move! Mary just stood there, as if trying to think of something to say. Ashley wanted to excuse herself, but she couldn't! She was stuck where she was... she was essentially trapped bottomless with people around!
"So um... when do you guys close?" Mary asked.
Ashley was caught off guard. The silence had started to build and the girl squeaking out the question nearly made Ashley jump! A good thing she didn't though, otherwise Ashley would have flashed her tuft of her auburn curls! "Uh, not till 6, you have plenty of time!" Ashley managed to answer. Honestly, she wished she could have given an answer that would have hurried her along.
As if there to save her, the two girls then talked to Mary. "Hey, we're going to get going now. You coming?"
Ashley was happy to finally have this end, but Mary seemed to want to make things tough! "Um... no... not yet guys. I have a few more questions..."
She couldn't believe it! This Mary girl was going to stick around? Why? She wished the two women could have convinced their friend more, but they just turned and left! Without much more fanfare, Mary and Ashley were now the only two in the lobby.
Silence again grew. Neither girl seemed to know what to say. Ashley was now very worried that this girl did know her secret! Her hands drifted to her hips again, rubbing them... she was so exposed, and she had no way out of it. The only good news was at least if something went bad now, she would only have one witness!
"Sorry that we didn't wait here longer for you. We sort of wanted to get to working out as soon as possible," Mary explained. Ashley was glad the first words from the girl's mouth weren't something like "I know you're naked back there!"
"It's fine, it's no problem. Just nice to have people around, you know?" Ashley tried saying. Though normally a few guests would be a welcomed thing during the usually boring time of day, at that moment there was nothing worse!
An odd thought crossed Ashley's mind. What if Mary was trying to hit on her? Was that why she was so nervous? She wasn't sure if that would make her situation better or not. Would she get in trouble if someone who fancied her saw her half dressed?
"Ashley, she's not trying to hit on you! The idea alone is crazy. You're just not thinking straight," she chastised herself. What was keeping Mary there though? Every moment that passed just meant greater risk of being caught.
Both girls yelped as the phone rang! Ashley looked to her side and at the phone just barely out of reach. She wanted to pick it up, but couldn't with Mary there. Ashley hoped though that Mary would take this as a hint to leave.
Mary didn't move though. She looked towards the ringing, than towards Ashley, and then to the phone again. It was like she waiting for Ashley to make the first move!
"Come on, just get out of here. If I go get that, I'll probably moon you! Do you really want to see my butt that bad?" Ashley thought to herself.
"Um... do you need to maybe get that?" Ashley asked. The two were still close. Ashley was worried her heavier breathing could be felt on the girl! Budging away seemed risky... but it also seemed to be her only option. She just barely let her body move away from the desk. The action was small, an inch or two at most, but it felt like so much more. In a way, the desk was clothing her. Now that Ashley was away from it, it was as if she was opening the front of her pants to let someone just stare down into them!
Ashley saw how Mary kept looking at her. Thankfully, it didn't' seem she was trying to look down behind the counter, but she did keep an eye on her. Ashley continued to watch the brunette, making sure her secret remained.
With small side steps, Ashley made her way the phone. It was an odd feeling. It was like she was sneaking naked past someone while they stared at her! Ashley was nearly about to break out into a sweat, but the phone was thankfully getting closer. Mary didn't relent her staring either.
Once the phone was in reach, Ashley felt like she was home free. "I'll just get this then... I'll only be a moment," she said as politely as possible. She quickly ducked down behind the counter. She was crouched, half naked now, reaching for the phone. She picked up the receiver and announced that it was the front desk.
"Oh, well, I should be going, see ya!" Mary exclaimed. Ashley looked over her shoulder, happy to see that Mary didn't try to do anything like look over the counter. Ashley slowly stood to try and keep an eye on the exiting girl, but by the time she stood again, the girl had already vanished!
Sighing in relief, Ashley was happy that the close call was finally over!
"Hello?" came from the other line. Ashley completely forgot she was on the phone!
"Sorry, this is the front desk, how can I help?" Ashley responded, a tad breathlessly.
The voice did seem familiar. She wondered if it was the first guest, but now couldn't be sure. "Yeah, um, in the exercise machine room... the treadmill isn't working well. Something seems to be jammed in it? I'm heading out to another room, but if you could come here and fix that?"
"It'll just be a moment, I'll be down there soon," Ashley announced. Hanging up, Ashley took little time to fetch her shorts. She was ready to be covered and get back to work now that she knew being alone was no longer likely!
Crouching at the shorts Ashley took one last moment to give her thighs a rub. She even petted her soaked lips. Even being in a risky situation, her body still had responded positively to it all. How her body felt so alive still was beyond her. She'd have been so embarrassed if she had been discovered. Yet at the same time, the thrill of being so undressed had never really faded either. As she slid the shorts up her legs, they felt somewhat wrong, but it was a necessary evil for the time being.
However, she paused as she was about to open the cabinet door to where she kept her socks and shoes. Though they were meant to be worn... they weren't absolutely necessary. If she could hide her naked tush behind the counter, than her bare feet wouldn't be hard? She could make a quick trip to fix the machine and back and probably still not see anyone. The two parties of guests seemed like they'd be busy anyways.
So, though she figured she'd have been sated well enough by that point, Ashley decided to remain undressed in some small way. Honestly though, to her it was still pretty big. Again, her bare feet led her out from behind the counter and towards the exercise machine room once more.
If her bare feet weren't enough to remind her of her immodest deeds of the day, the lack of panties cemented it! It felt so obvious to her that she didn't have them. Ashley couldn't have put her panties back on quickly if she wanted to; they were locked away on the other side of the building.
Ashley's bareness beneath her shorts wasn't perfect. As she walked into the exercise room, she was very much missing what she had before Mary and her friends interrupted her. She was free, and being back in her shorts so soon seemed an utter shame. She wasn't sure if the shorts were itchy or too tight, or if she put them on wrong, but they were uncomfortable now. Perhaps she needed her panties? The thought of such extra restrictions didn't sound swell though.
The room was empty, and she knew that the three girls from the front desk would be busy elsewhere. She also started to think about how the girl requesting her help wasn't there either, probably also busy in another room. The safety of feeling alone allowed Ashley to run her hands over her body. They started at the top of her shoulders, feeling her shirt, and grimacing as she passed it over her bra, feeling it through the fabric.
Ashley's hands continued to go down, pressing the shirt against her skin; she noted how the cotton felt against her smooth stomach, and became more "aware" of it. Ashley was sure she'd never be able to explain it to someone, but it was like thinking, "under my clothes, I'm naked." It separated her body from the clothing over it, and it gave Ashley a delightful chill down her spine. It is what usually fueled the invisible strings that guided her clothes off. The contrast was always hard to ignore once she was aware of it.
Her fingers snapped the waistband of her shorts. She nearly pushed them off her hips in that moment, seeing as how easy it would be to do. Yet the scare with Mary kept Ashley from doing something so sudden. Instead, her hands wrapped around behind her, patting the shorts down against her rump. She had her bottom bared not long ago, but she already missed the freedom.
Ashley's hands were starting to jitter. Tugging at the leg holes of her shorts, she tried to stretch them away from the skin. This would always lead to one end rubbing against hip or thigh, and this agitated Ashley in a weird way. The loose fabric might as well have been like uncomfortable bindings.
Sighing in relief, Ashley's digits finally found her legs. She was delighted to no longer find any clothing as they made the trip down, even all the way to her toes. That was what Ashley wanted and she liked it.
Her body was tingling again. It was crying out to return to what she was doing. She had been getting so warm and tingly; so many good feelings had built up. Yet before she could properly feel satisfied by bubbling over, she had constricted and locked tight those feelings. They still wanted to burst, and all the more so now that she had frazzled herself up.
Ashley at Work
By Jappio
Part 4
"Focus!" Ashley's brain screamed. Ashley looked up, and around, and tried to remember what she was doing. A machine needed fixing, and she had to fix it. She spotted the treadmills and went over to them. After inspecting them a bit, she did notice one of them had an odd piece of cloth sticking out of it. She wondered if someone had gotten a towel stuck in it. A quick attempt to turn the machine on resulted with the belt not moving at all.
While crouched to tug at the cloth pinched under the belt, Ashley could feel the very top of her butt crack peek out of the shorts. The little pocket of air between waistband and skin tickled her in such a delicate way; Ashley was probably one of the few who could notice a feeling like it. Ashley wanted to be undressed again. In a huff, she stood up, planning to unplug the machine next.
Ashley's sudden jerk upward caused her breasts to bobble. Her secure bra held them in place, but this too just frustrated the girl. Ashley groaned and looked around. She knew she had to do something. Thinking about it, Ashley wondered how much she could get away with. Being more indecent didn't seem to be a safe method as proven, but her lack of shoes, socks, and panties had seemed to be safe enough.
So she felt a compromise could be reached. Ashley's bra was probably the tightest piece of clothing on her body, and she might be able to get away with not having it on... not like anyone could see under her shirt. Ashley gripped the bottom of her shirt as she walked towards the wall behind the treadmills. She was far back enough that she couldn't even see the door thanks to how the room was shaped. She was private enough for a quick change of clothes!
Ashley's shirt rose high, and soon she was pulling it up past her head. Her hair pushed through, and fluttered outward, eventually all daintily landing against her nearly-bare back. The feeling was exquisite, and Ashley happily sighed. She bundled the shirt up under her arm, reaching her hands back and undid the clasp on her bra.
Her bra loosened, and wearing just shorts was, again, a new level for Ashley. She'd been behind the treadmills before, but never like this! Ashley did a twirl as she pushed the bra straps down off her shoulders. She thrust her chest out as she took the bra from her arms, and she laid it down on one of the treadmill control consoles.
Hard nipples welcomed the air of the room. For the first time since she got dressed that morning, her breasts were bare. She dropped her shirt and quickly began to massage the newly exposed skin. That familiar bubbling of warmth quickly released all across her body, but most concentrated on her chest. The soothing warmth intensified as she let her fingers squeeze and grope her modest mounds. Each time, she could only think of how good it felt to have nothing in her hand's way.
After a few accidental flicks of her nipples, Ashley was starting to think how she didn't want to return to working. Yet, that thought did remind her she did have things to do. She reached for her shirt, but feeling the weight of her own breasts hang from her chest was enough to make her hesitate. Instead of grabbing her top, she turned and reached for the plug instead. Her haphazard reasoning was she could unplug the machine, and then put her shirt on.
With a quick tug, Ashley released the plug from the wall. The machine was off, and she'd be able to safely work on it. She stood up, and as if to waste time, surveyed the cord from where she stood, making sure it was to the right machine. She looked at her shirt next, but that's all she did with it. She felt she could have dealt with wearing it, that she shouldn't mind something as loose as it, but she gave up on that thought. She would give it some more time at least, while her body still reveled in the feeling of being without the shirt.
Skipping back around the machine, and in just her shorts, Ashley was on the top of the world again. Alone in the exercise room, she was again free to be undressed. Worries faded away as she could only think about how nice things felt. Again, she played with her nipples, happy to have such little pick-me-ups so readily available. The jolt of pleasure they'd give her as she played with them was addictive.
Ashley began to do what she could with the machine. She opened a hatch or two, and pulled some levers. Normally such work would have been considered annoying, but Ashley no longer thought so. At that moment, it was incredibly thrilling to think how she was doing it. She was topless, very nearly naked in fact. She was crouched next to a machine, her breasts bobbing and swaying with each movement. Her bare feet planted on the ground, toes wiggling as she adjusted one thing or another. Ashley was doing such a normal thing in such an abnormal way!
Ashley freed up the control on the belt, allowing her to let it move by hand. She pushed and tugged, but couldn't manage to get it to go. She tried shifting around, getting on her knees and pulling it from another angle. It budged, but only slightly. Ashley giggled and spoke aloud to the machine, "Yeah, I know how you feel. Just wishing you could take off your belt!" Ashley began to fondle her bosom once more as she followed up her joke, "It feels so nice when you do finally get rid of stuff like that, I promise."
"Totally bare though, is the best," Ashley began to explain. "It just feels good, you know? To suddenly let it all out. You wouldn't want anyone to see, but like, just for you? Your own little private fun," Ashley tried explaining. She honestly wasn't sure how to put it herself. Really, talking about it to a hunk of metal and plastic was more so a way to convince herself.
It was working, too. The idea of total nudity was appealing as always, and being so close meant it wasn't out of reach for Ashley. She grabbed the waistband of the shorts, ready to show the treadmill what she meant. She honestly wasn't being bothered by the shorts, Ashley was sort of fine with how she was. Her little speech though spurred her to go further.
Ashley lowered the shorts down her legs for a second time that day, and this time it was somehow even more thrilling! Instead of exposing her underwear, her bare body was being displayed. She was totally and completely naked besides the bunched up cotton going down towards her feet. When she finally got them there, she took out just one foot. She stood there, looking at the treadmill "See, it's really great, just being able to get out of all your clothes!" Ashley stepped out of the shorts, and stood naked in the exercise room!
Ashley left her arms out, away from her body. She felt too sensitive to touch herself in that moment. She took in every little feeling, and her body felt as if it was quaking with pleasure. She was totally naked at work!
Her body was tense, and she tried to relax, but it was like she couldn't. Every moment, blood pumped through Ashley's veins. The constant, coursing flow of adrenaline had her nearly shaking. No single spot felt more or less exposed than another to her.
Ashley took tiny steps. She tried to keep calm, and to let it all soak in. She was worried if she moved too much, it would be too much for her sensitive body at that moment. She took in the feelings slowly.
As she began to better grasp her situation, she began to crave that same overwhelming rush of emotions that just had her paralyzed. Her steps became lighter. She was bouncing, feeling the full force of her weight with each step. Her body began to make more exaggerated movements, letting it bound with momentum. Her hair swished and brushed her skin, her breasts sprang and the nipples atop buzzed, her bottom was as buoyant as her pace, and her thighs rubbing made the special spot between them practically throb!
Without thinking, Ashley moved away from her clothes and was now exploring the exercise room. She let her right hand touch the equipment, walls, and anything in reach. The other hand rubbed circles over hips, sides, stomach, and ribs. Devilishly Ashley smiled and turned and bumped her bottom to the wall. Soon, she couldn't help but throw her hands up and press her whole body to the wall and roll along it.
Popping away from the wall, Ashley gleefully twirled towards the machines again. With little thought she plopped down on the seat of a leg press. It felt like the cool leather enveloped her and it made Ashley coo. Her feet pressed towards the machine, not to exercise, but just to increase the number of stimuli on her body.
"Out of control" was a thought that crossed Ashley's mind. She felt she had to gain some control of herself. She could feel her body cry out for sexual release amongst her torrent of thrills, and she thought perhaps she'd attend to that, to try and sate her desires.
Dipping a hand between her legs, she wasn't surprised to find her tender lips were wet. She had felt droplets slide down her thighs already. She sharply drew in a breath as her finger explored the heated region. She was trying to tell herself to regain control. Being naked at work was a bad enough offense, actually sexually gratifying herself pushed it to an even higher level.
Ashley swayed her legs to the side, shutting her thighs. The warm pulsing feeling begged her to return her hand, but Ashley did no such thing. Not so much to keep herself from doing something wrong, but instead she no longer wanted to end things quickly. Ashley's self-inspection was best halted for other reasons too; the door to the room was being opened!
She had meandered from the treadmills. Ashley could see the handle of the door turning! Ashley's instincts had her to her feet in no time. Ashley wouldn't be able to make it to her clothes in time, and the first thing she saw that would provide appropriate hiding was the utility closet nearby!
Ashley zigzagged around equipment till she made it to the door. She flung it open, and practically dove into the small compartment. She closed the door, but with a gentle touch at the end, so to not alert anyone with the sound. She couldn't see in the darkened room, and things were silent for a moment.
Ashley's heart was like a caged animal, nearly thrashing about in her ribcage. Ashley strained to listen, to see what was going on. She wondered what would possibly happen. She was nearly caught naked, but she now perhaps had to remain naked in that closet for however long the guests in the exercise room would want to use the equipment.
Ashley's shaky ankles made it so she stumbled into some items. A broom lost balance and fell against her. Her foot bumped into a bucket probably meant for a mop. She had very little space to move around.
She began to wonder what she'd do if the gym got busier. Perhaps these guests in the room wouldn't leave till someone else had entered. Could she be stuck naked till close time?
She again shifted her weight too much, bumping into another item or two. The handle of the broom that had fallen had now rested between her butt cheeks. Even in this worrisome time, Ashley's body felt on fire with the constant sensations that were ever increased by her naked state. Perhaps she was affected by such feelings because she felt so much more vulnerable.
Ashley at Work
By Jappio
Part 5
Ashley finally heard the guests, but it did not ease her worries at all. She heard a few muffled sounds, but made out a few words, "What should we do with this?" and "We should take it to the lost and found. They'll be looking for it I bet!"
Ashley's first worry was obvious. The room had been empty besides her clothing!
Ashley tried to hope it was something else, anything else. She desperately wished she could look out, but she couldn't risk being caught. She instead shifted around till her ear was to the door, her feet knocking into more items, her body shaking with more than just fear.
She heard the door open again. "Guys! Where were you?!" came the voice. It did sound somewhat familiar to Ashley. Things were again muffled for a bit, but then she heard, "Wait, what's with the bra?"
Ashley knew it, it really was happening. Her bra was found! The only hope she had left was that maybe it was just the bra, as the shorts and shirt weren't laid on top of the machine after all.
"Hand the shirt over..." she partially heard. She knew now for sure all her clothes had been scooped up by these guests. Ashley tried to wonderful what she'd be able to do.
"...go to the lost and found first. Then the sauna..." was the next thing Ashley could make out. Though she was in trouble, a brief ray of hope did shine. She would perhaps be able to get out of this before others could enter the exercise room.
Again Ashley couldn't hear the girls outside her little box, but after a short time, she did hear what sounded like a door. Ashley had a 50/50 shot that she was either left alone or more people came in. The gym was slow; Ashley should still have time before things picked up. She carefully opened the door.
Scanning the room, Ashley could see she was alone again. She let herself slip free from her tiny compartment. Ashley looked back only to see if maybe something could provide cover, but nothing would really help hide her exposure in a meaningful way.
She nearly cursed out loud when she thought about how just earlier she'd been in this room and took all the spare towels. Ashley really wished she had one of them. The room would be vacant of any possible cover, so already Ashley had to trudge to the door exiting the exercise room.
She stalled for a few moments. She wasn't sure if the guests who had taken her clothes would be gone. She didn't need to walk out naked in front of them. After a few more moments passed, Ashley slowly looked out into the hallway.
Everything seemed clear. Ashley slowly slipped out of the room. She knew that down the hall three girls could be standing around. If she wasn't careful, she'd be caught as a streaker at her own place of business.
Ashley's feet slapping against the floor sent tremors of intense, vulnerable feelings through her body as she trekked over towards the lobby. Every step Ashley took made her breasts bobble. She tried to bring an arm up to them, to cover and hold them, but she could still feel the difference between her arm and the support a bra would normally supply.
Ashley's thighs rubbing weren't ignorable either. Ashley had grown wet and that wetness was evident. She couldn't believe she'd become so slick, but at the same time a little relieved. In some weird way, Ashley was happy she was at least getting something out of it. If she were only scared, the situation would probably felt worse. Though perhaps that was the problem, the reason she kept getting herself into situations; she didn't hate them enough.
She neared the end of the hall, and she tried to stay close to the wall that would turn into the lobby. Ashley's heart pounded. More and more she could see the lobby, seeing how it was empty. However, she couldn't' see the whole thing, and if she just turned the corner suddenly, she'd have no way to hide herself.
Eventually she ran out of hall though. Over a fourth of the lobby would be out of sight for her, including the main door. If the girls from before were quick about dropping things off in the lost and found bucket at the far edge of the counter, they'd be gone. Yet if they lingered at all... they were probably still there.
The other option Ashley had was to wait there till someone came across her. The barren hall provided no cover, and she wasn't near any doors to hide behind either. She had to go forward; Ashley at least had a chance no one would see her if she continued. So she took one final look. She probably looked silly, peeking her head and bare shoulders around the corner, but it was safer than flashing her entire naked self to whoever may be there.
No one was there though! Ashley was relieved. She already started to promise herself she'd never do something as silly as strip naked at work again! Ashley triumphantly rounded the corner and quickly behind her desk.
"You did it Ashley, you were naked here at work! I know I shouldn't have, but at least I can say I did it. Not many other people can," she mused to herself. The sense of relief was so intense. Sort of like shedding her clothing, the lack of worry was always so emboldening.
Looking back, she saw that she was alone. She moved a hand between her legs and ran a finger between her soaking lips. "Heh, really let myself get carried away. Maybe I should find somewhere a bit more private..." she wondered aloud. She shivered when her finger graced her sensitive clit.
"Get dressed!" a voice rang out in her head. She giggled and pulled her hand away. She was going to do it; she was going to do as she knew she should. "No more fun!" Ashley said, giving her nipples one last tease. That was nearly a mistake, as her new resolve to better herself almost wavered in that moment. She ignored the tingling in her body though and finally walked over to the bin.
The first thing Ashley did was look down into the bin. She pushed and prodded away the things that weren't hers. Forgotten clothes, shoes, and other items were there, but she was starting to realize her clothes weren't! Ashley's shirt, shorts, and bra were nowhere to be seen!
She tried to flip a few things over, but it didn't make sense for it to be buried. The girls wouldn't have taken them elsewhere, would they? Ashley was now realizing she was perhaps actually stuck naked!
Ashley shook her head. She wasn't stuck naked, she was riffling through a few items of clothing! After pushing a shoe to the side to try and grab a shirt though, she heard the chime of the front door!
The sound of air filling the room was all Ashley heard as she ducked down behind the counter. She couldn't believe there'd be another guest! The day was turning out to be the busiest it ever had been during those no-sweat-hours!
Ashley tried to listen for sounds of the new guest. There were a couple of steps. Would the person try to check in at the counter? Ashley curled up into a tight ball and against the desk. She figured she'd be safe as long as the new guest didn't peer over the edge.
There was silence. Ashley was so close to having clothes on again. She still didn't know where her actual clothes were. She wondered if those who found her clothes were looking for a streaker. Would they have recognized them as the clothes the desk girl was wearing?
The new guest began to walk away. The fading footsteps signaled Ashley to quietly sigh with relief. She again narrowly dodged detection. Ashley wasn't sure if she was lucky or what.
Ashley stood and this time didn't play around. Her body actually now ached for release more than ever, but Ashley was done. It wasn't her own clothes, but she had to have something. Ashley got up off the ground and went right back into the bin.
She pulled out a stretchy tank top, and slithered it down her body. The material was a bit tight, and her hard nipples showed through it. It wasn't so bad though, and she figured it wouldn't look out of place amongst the people there. She then managed to find a pair of jeans that she would be able to fit into, though a bit loosely.
Ashley was covered, though in unfamiliar clothing. She then began to wonder what could have possibly happened to her clothes. She was sure that the girls in the gym mentioned bringing them to the lost and found.
That's when it hit her. Ashley again scrounged through the lost and found. It had been lying on the top before, but now it made sense. There was a bra in the lost and found, and that wasn't really a normal occurrence. Ashley was sure she hadn't seen it before either. She was now wondering if she had heard about the wrong bra. Was there a chance there had been two bras?
Ashley knew what this meant. Now clothed, she could more easily make her way back to the exercise room. In no time, she was able to go through the empty room to where she left her clothes. And just as Ashley had started to suspect, her clothes were where she left them!
The borrowed items were quickly removed. Ashley couldn't believe it, had she just checked that corner of the room first, she'd have seen the other girls had not touched her stuff. She risked a total naked streak to the front for nothing!
Ashley wasn't feeling too regretful about that, though. More regretful was putting her proper clothes back on. She wasn't even able to convince herself to bother with the bra. Perhaps it had been a mistake to strip totally naked to change? She hadn't even given much thought to the fact she had done it right in the exercise room!
However, Ashley still did believe she'd done enough for that day. She got her pants and shirt back on, and was once more a nearly decent employee! She was ready to put things behind her finally.
Back at the front desk though, it's all that could occupy her mind. Things had quieted down again. She was so dazed she didn't even pay any notice to any of the guests that were heading out. She could swear a few sounded in a hurry based on the hurried steps she heard, but she didn't look up in time to see what was going on. Ashley just continued to tap her bare feet to the ground, thinking about how naked she had been, how naked she still was under her clothes with no underwear on.
"Howdy Ash!" Came a voice! Ashley quickly turned and saw that her coworker had finally come in!
Ashley quickly looked down and saw how her shoes and socks were still off. Her face began to turn red. "So, how was your day? I'm sure things just dragged as usual. Anything exciting happen?" Ashley nearly winced at the comment. If only her coworker knew!
"Busier than usual actually," Ashley explained. She tried to shuffle away a bit. Her face was red. Not only was she thinking about her adventures, but now also thinking about how she was trapped barefoot in front of her coworker. Shoes were of course required by the dress code.
Ashley's heart stopped when her coworker did look down, and did notice her shoeless and sockless state! "Hey, Ash, were the shoes just uncomfy?"
Ashley was about ready to panic. Would her friend think she was weird? "Um... well... yeah... I guess... I mean..." Ashley didn't know how to explain it at all.
"Yeah, I know what you mean. After a long shift I'll do that sometimes. They can get so cramped," she explained. Ashley couldn't believe it. Was it really no big deal? Could she could make it a usual thing... No, probably wouldn't be for the best. She didn't need another day like this happening!
The End