Co-ed Hockey: 2 Minutes For Misconduct
I live in Canada, and like most Canadian males I love hockey. I like to watch it, talk about it, but most of all, I love to play it. I'm no professional, in fact, I'm more of an armchair athelete than anything, but to me nothing beats the rush I get when I'm gliding full speed on a sheet of ice. That's why when I heard, from a friend, about a pick-up game, I jumped at the chance to join in the fun. I just had no idea what I was getting myself into.
Having to work late, I arrived a little later than most of the other guys. When I got there the men's locker room was pretty full, with literally no place to sit and get ready. Being the resourceful guy I was, I decided to try and use the ladies locker room down the hall, which should have been empty. Key word 'should'. I went to turn the door knob and found that the door was unlocked, so I walked in and to my surprise stood two ladies, each beautiful in their own way. My face went about as red as a ripe tomato. "Uhhh.....sorry ladies I thought this room was empty." I stuttered. "I'll go squeeze in with the rest of the guys."
"Wait," I heard from one of them. "We don't mind sharing our space with you." These surprising words came from a beautiful young lady with golden blonde hair. She didn't look like the typical woman hockey player, she stood about 5'2" with a slim build she had very nice curves. I could tell that she took great care of her body. "My name is Cheri, with a 'C'." She said as she reached her hand out for a handshake.
I shook her hand and introduced myself to her and the other girl. Her name was Sarah, and she looked a little more like a woman hockey player. She was taller, with more of a sturdy build to her. She was not unattractive, but she certainly didn't have the 'hour-glass' figure that Cheri possesed.
"You can stay, but keep your hands and your eyes to yourself." Sarah said. I could sense from the tone of her voice that she didn't completely agree with Cheri inviting me to change with them. Because I arrived late, they were pretty much in full gear and I had the room to myself for the most part when I was getting ready.
On the ice, because there were only two ladies, they got to pick the teams. Sarah picked first, and somehow I knew I wasn't going to be selected by her. She seemed annoyed with me and with the whole locker room situation. When Cheri was up to make her first pick, her eyes immediately drew to me. Once the rest of the teams were picked, the game started. As in most hockey games the pace was quick, and to my surprise Cheri kept up to most guys fairly well. Sarah was very good as well, and I later learned that Sarah and Cheri were teammates on the local ladies hockey team. The best part was when the game was ended by a game winning goal that I scored after receiving a pass from Cheri. Sarah was noticeably upset as she was very competitive.
We headed back to the locker room, and started to get out of our hockey gear. I tried not to look at the girls, but somewhat instinctively, my eyes kept glancing up to see if I could sneak a peek at some exposed flesh. I noticed that Sarah was very shy, and she got out of her hockey gear and into her street clothes very quickly. "See you tomorrow at practice" Sarah said to Cheri.
"You're not going to shower?" asked Cheri.
"Not with him here." Sarah replied, referring to me. "I'm heading straight home anyways, and I'll shower there before going to bed."
"Alright, but I have no choice, I have to shower here so I'm not late for my date." Cheri said. "I don't have time to drive all the way home, especially since home is on the other side of town, and I'm meeting the my date at the bar just down the street from this arena."
"Suit yourself," Sarah said. "Just don't stay out too late, remember we have an early morning practice."
"Ya ya ya, what are you my mother?" Cheri said sarcastically. "See you tomorrow." As Sarah was leaving I was getting ready to jump in the shower myself. I had everything off, except my boxers as I headed to the community shower. Once in the shower I removed my boxers and tossed them on the outside of the shower. To start the water was warm, and it felt nice on my aching muscles. I stood there for what seemed like an hour, just letting the jet streams massage my muscles and soothe and relax my body still coming down off of the adreniline rush.
My mind started to wander, as I was picturing Cheri getting undressed so she could shower after me. I could only imagine her voluptuous body exposed for all to see. The more I thought about it, the more my cock started to stir. As if almost a knee jerk reaction my hands wandered to my cock, that was starting to grow hard. Just then, I could hear Cheri say, "Are you going to be long?" She poked her head in then quickly looked away as if trying not to look at my semi-stiffened member.
"Feel free to come in if you want." I said, almost expecting her to shriek in disgust.
"Okay," she said, surprising the hell out of me, "but I'll stand under this shower head you stay there, and we'll shower with our backs to each other." I agreed and turned around as I heard her step in and turn on the shower head above her. Now with her standing right behind me, as naked as can be, my cock really started to stiffen. I tried not to think about it and just focussed on soaping up and rinsing off.
"Shit!" I yelled as I dropped my soap, then I turned around to pick it up. I couldn't help but stare at Cheri's beautiful ass. It was small, but round and looked firm from where I was standing. I could definately tell that this girl was physically active. Even her legs looked sweet. She wasn't very tall, but I see that her legs were strong, and toned.
"I thought we agreed to keep our backs turned." Cheri said as she looked over her shoulder, catching me in mid-stare.
"Sorry," I said as I quickly snapped out of it and turned around. After a few awkwardly silent moments I decided to let her know my opinion of what I saw. "You have a nice body, from what I saw." I said.
"Thanks, I'm glad you think so." She said. "I try to take care of it. You know, eat right, and exercise, all that good stuff."
"I can tell," I replied, "I think the image of your ass is forever implanted in my mind."
"Mmm...you like?" She asked, with a little adventure coming from the tone in her voice. "I've only seen glimpses of your cock and let me say, I also like what I see." Cheri said. "From what I've seen it's happy to see me too."
"You've noticed," I said, now feeling extra courageous, "Since you've seen my whole body, it's only fair that I get a look at the front side of yours. I wanna see what was under that towel minutes ago." A few more moments of silence went by.
"Okay, but you can only look, no touching." Cheri replied, to my surprise. "Let's just turn around together." I agreed and we counted to three and slowly turned to face each other. I was in awe at the first sight of Cheri in all her glory. Her tits weren't over-sized, but they were very nice. My guess would be a high B-cup, or a low C-cup. Her nipples were small and pink, and I could see them stiffen before my eyes. My eyes continued to wander down her body to her sexy belly. For an athelete, she didn't have rock hard abs, but her tummy was flat and very inviting. Then as I looked further down, I could see a little patch of neatly trimmed hair that was in a 'V' shape pointing towards her pussy. Her pussy hair was blonde, just like on her head, I wondered if she bleached her pubes, but didn't care enough to ask.
"Wow." was all I could say at the moment. I'm sure I sounded and looked like a fool. My cock began to stiffen again as I took great pleasure in the amazing sight before me.
"Holy shit!" Cheri said. "I didn't look that closely before, but you're really hot. You have a big cock too, bigger than my last boyfriend's." I was surprised at that comment. I figured she was just trying to flatter me. Although I do take care of my body, I'm not overly muscular, and my cock stands at a very modest 7 inches when completely erect. Of course, I could be under-estimating myself, because my best knowledge of most other cocks are from internet porn, and magazines. I have seen other 'regular' guys in the men's shower, but never thought to look close enough to compare.
"Can I touch it?" She asked, licking her lips, and her eyes were growing wider by the second.
"I thought you said no touching." I replied, although I didn't care that she touched me, in fact I wanted her to. I just wanted to be able to touch her too. "If you touch me, I touch you." I said.
"Okay," as she reached out and put her hand around my cock. Cheri knew what she was doing, and before I knew it she was gently stroking my stiff, throbbing dick. I let out a small grunt as I took pleasure in the way she was handling me. I reached out to cup her left tit with my right hand. I grazed my thumb over her nipple, feeling how hard it was. She let a slight moan and sigh escape from her mouth. Then unexpectedly she leaned in to kiss me. I was caught off gaurd as she pushed her tongue to my lips as if trying to force it into my mouth. I opened my mouth and our tongues met. Her tongue was soft, the kiss was intense. My hands wandered over her body, and as I moved one between her thighs, and started upwards to her waiting pussy. She stopped kissing and blocked my hand.
"I can't do this" Cheri said. I was really disappointed, but it was obvious that she remembered the date that she was going to meet. Just as I thought the moment was over, she knelt before me and stuck her tongue on the head of my hard cock. "I have to taste you. I have to know if this cock tastes as good as it looks!"
I was shocked and relieved at the same time. Cheri knew how to suck a cock, and she also knew how to tease me just enough to make it feel good without being cruel about it. She inserted my cock all the way into her mouth, cupping my balls with her hand. She would put it all the way in, and then pull her mouth completely off and just use her tongue to lick the tip of my dick. I tried to hold back, but I knew it wasn't long before I was about to blow my load. I think she could sense it as she quickend her pace. I grunted loudly as I could feel my hot cum flow from my cock into her waiting mouth. She didn't seem to miss a drop, even using her finger to scoop up a drop that was on her chin, then putting the finger in her mouth to lick it clean.
"Thank you, that was nice" Cheri said, as she stood up and started for the shower door. I quickly grabbed her arm and turned her back around.
"Now it's my turn." I said as I dropped to my knees and used my hands to spread her legs apart. She fought it for a second, then her lust got the better of her as she allowed me to start fingering her very wet cunt. I could tell from the feel and texture that the wetness was not just from the shower. She turned around with her arms on the wall and her ass pointing towards my face. With her legs spread apart, I had a perfect view of her perfect pussy. I leaned into it with my tongue leading the way. My tongue glided over her pussy lips circling and teasing until finally I plunged it inside. I started to fuck her pussy with my tongue, I could hear her moans grow louder with every stroke. Then with my fingers I spread her cunt open and found the clit sticking out, throbbing, just waiting to be touched and licked. I let my fingers rub it for a few seconds just to get her reaction. Then I started to flick my tongue at it. I could feel her pushing her cunt into my face, forcing me to keep licking. I was only on her clit for a few minutes, but it seemed like an eternity. Then she let out a huge moan.
"I'm gonna cum!" she screamed as I could feel her clit release and I could taste her sweet pussy juice ooze from her tasty nub. Her cum tasted as sweet as her pussy. She seemed to cum for a long time and it was all I could do to keep her from closing her legs on my head as her body clenched up.
I stood up and as I did she noticed that my cock had regained it's state of hardness. "Look who's up again." Cheri said as she looked hungrily at my cock again. "This time it's my pussy that wants to swallow that big dick of yours." She bent over again, this time she was pretty much doubled over and waiting for me to fuck her from behind. I eased my way toward her ass and started to slowly insert my cock into her waiting cunt.
"Fuck me!" She yelled. "Fuck me hard!" I complied with her commands and instantly picked up the pace. I started ramming her cunt harder and deeper with each thrust. Fucking her with reckless abandon, all that could be heard was the sound of the running water, and the sound of our flesh pounding against each other. I could feel her pussy really start to squeeze my cock, milking it for all it's worth. Since I had already blown one load, I was able to hold on to this one a little longer. She took one hand and reached down to massage her clit while my cock continued to pound her juicy cunt. Her moans became louder and more intense with every thrust.
With the help of her fingers on her clit, and me fucking her intensely, she didn't take very long to reach another climax. She let out a very loud moan as I could feel her body tense up then release letting out all of her sweet and wet goodness. Then, what must have been a mere second later I let out a very loud grunt and could feel the hot cum flow from my cock into her pussy that was now clenched very tightly around my shaft.
We stood there, almost motionless for about two minutes that seemed like twenty minutes. Then I pulled out, we both rinsed off under the same shower head. I was really fighting to keep my hands off of her, and sometimes the temptation was too much. Once we rinsed all the 'sex' off of our bodies, we jumped out and got dressed. During that time we didn't say very much to each other.
I walked her outside to discover that our cars were parked next to each other in the parking lot. "Well, now that we've fucked each other's brains out maybe I should ask you out." I said.
"You did make me miss my date." She said, trying to sound like she cared, but she couldn't hide her satisfaction from her voice. As she said this, she was writing something down on a piece of paper. She handed it to me, it was her phone number. I gave her my number and we got in our cars and went our separate ways. I remember thinking that I will call her someday soon. When I do, I'll be happy to share my 'sex-perience' with you, the reader.