I kissed my wife. My arms around her, hugging her body against mine. Nicole's heels brought her up to just an inch or two shorter than me. She smelled of Chanel. She tasted of champagne. Her blue eyes sparkled, reflecting the flickering firelight.
We'd been at the club for a Christmas Eve dinner. It was full, nobody wants to cook the night before Christmas. Chef Tony had put on a sumptuous tasting menu, lots of small plates with different specialties to tempt us; Nicole had insisted on drinking only champagne.
"There's only two ways to avoid a hangover. Don't drink or only drink champagne!" She exclaimed early in the evening to the cheers of our tablemates. My wife had been at her effervescent, flirty, entertaining best loved by our friends male and female; although certainly hungered over by the guys in the group.
It was late but evidently we'd still arrived back earlier than Kris had expected. As we entered the room we found him dozing, stretched out in the antique Queen Anne armchair, feet up on the matching foot stool. A glass of brandy sat, half-consumed, on the painted captain's chest alongside. The fireplace was lit, yellow and orange shadows bounced around the room. Nicole had assumed this was some surprise I had arranged.
"Oh you're such a sweetheart!" My wife turned and wrapped her arms around my neck. As we kissed I looked over Nicole's shoulder at Kris, under a mop of brown curly hair, his brown eyes were wide open, his mouth equally so, expressing his shock at seeing us there. He looked much trimmer and much younger than I had expected. Heck, I was pretty certain he was sporting some ripped abs under that white shirt.
"I, er...I should go." Kris muttered, starting to get up. I waved to him the universal sign of a flat hand indicating that he should stay seated.
"No, it's okay. Don't go." I told him. "I'm thinking we owe you a gift or two."
"But I have work to do." Kris's lack of movement contradicted his words.
Nicole looked at me, then at Kris, then again at me. "I'm confused."
"No need to be confused sweetheart." I told her as I raised a finger to her lips. "I think you're going to enjoy this."
Hands on Nicole's shoulders, I turned her to face Kris directly. Standing behind her I looked at our seated friend and asked him "So what do you think?"
"Your wife?" He replied, slightly uncertain where this was going. "She's gorgeous, but..."
I interrupted him "I know how hard you're working. You deserve a break. Just enjoy for a moment."
Nicole remained obediently quiet as I reached under her thick strawberry-blonde, shoulder length hair to find the clasp on the heavy triple string of pearls she was wearing. "Shhhh." I whispered in her ear as I undid the necklace and lifted my arms over her head. My game-for-anything wife of 25 years nodded, standing otherwise completely still.
I moved my hands around the collar of my wife's black velvet jacket to take hold of the lapel area and lift it upwards and backwards. The room was silent but for clinking of the jacket's decorative chain and pearls that edged the smooth material.
Looking at Kris he hadn't moved, his eyes fixed on Nicole. As I slid the jacket back and off to reveal my wife's bare shoulders he swallowed. Nicole fidgeted slightly, straightening her body more upright. She inhaled sharply suddenly feeling my fingers on the zipper of her white Calvin Klein knee-length dress, then gasped at the grinding vibration traveling along her spine as I tugged the slider downwards.
"What...what are you doing?" Nicole murmured.
"Shhh. It's Christmas. Just unpacking something special." I replied quietly, sliding my hands across her back and up over her shoulders, all the while underneath the dress. The law of gravity proved itself as Nicole's dress settled like a small white cloud around her feet. Kris audibly gasped.
Stroking my hands across my wife's shoulders and down her arms I felt her nervous goosebumps. Descending further I dropped to one knee and helped her step out of the dress; while there I ran my hands up Nicole's silk covered legs and proceed to roll down her stockings. She placed a hand on my shoulder to steady herself as she lifted first one foot then the other out of her shoes allowing me to roll off the stockings before she slipped her feet back into the black, patent leather heels.
"I uh..." Kris was clearly struggling but I again waived for him not to speak. The hardness in his lap was doing all the speaking for him and I wanted to make sure Nicole had noticed.
Standing, my hands resting on the ident of my wife's curved waist, I kissed Nicole's right shoulder. The black silkiness of her bra strap contrasting exquisitely with her freckled, pinkish skin. I spoke softly "Look down sweetheart. Look at the effect you're having on him." Another small gasp from my wife.
There was a soft snap at the release of Nicole's bra clasp and she exhaled a shuddering breath as she felt the garment loosen around her chest; her arms automatically crossed her body. I nudged the shoulder straps off each side until they dangled gently around her biceps. Kissing the marks left by the shoulder straps I slid my hands down my wife's arms and around to cup her 36c breasts still covered with the black lace. Nicole nervously let her arms drop, a loud gulp emanated from her throat.
I looked at Kris as I pulled the bra away from Nicole's body to reveal her magnificent orbs to him. His chin dropped slightly. His hand in his lap squeezed the, by now, even more obvious erection. Nicole trembled slightly. Kris moaned.
"Oh God." Nicole uttered throatily as I slowly rolled the top of her black lace panties over her hips and glided them down her thighs. She parted her knees to let them fall and we once more did the balance dance as I dropped to one knee to help her step out of them. Kris moaned again, louder this time, as Nicole's shaven pussy was now directly across from him at his eye level.
"She's beautiful huh?" I looked at Kris, He nodded urgently.
I was standing behind my wife, my hands roaming across her lavish body, her breasts, her abdomen, her thighs; I found her hand and guided it between her legs. Nicole let out a whimper as I dragged her fingers over her own wetness.
"Show him." I whispered.
Nicole almost bucked as she slipped a finger inside herself. I pressed my body against her back to help steady her in her heels; my hands caressing her. She could feel my own erection fighting hard with the material of my slacks.
"Ohhhh. Ngghh." Nicole bit her lip to prevent herself from crying out. "Mmmmf." Moving her hand faster, her eyes locked on Kris, her delicious body quivering, leaning against me, as her orgasm washed over her.
Kris gazed at my wife in wonderment. She turned, exceptionally and inexplicably coy, throwing her arms around my neck and wetly kissing me with the passionate urgency of an unrequited teenager.
"I so want to stay but I have to go. I still have so much to do tonight." Kris's words fractured the moment. We turned to see him grabbing the white-collared, scarlet jacket hanging on the back of the chair.
"Understandable." I said. "See you next year?"