**This is my submission for theLiterotica 750 Word Project 2021**
I don't know who he is.
I can't tell if I know him.
It's so dark in here.
Is he dressed as Zorro or some kind of thief? The mustache is fake, that much is for sure, but he's definitely looking at me. Those eyes. I'd take him home just for those eyes. Maybe it's the mask. They're probably not that great without the mask.
I wonder who he came with. Is he coming over here? That smirk. He likes my costume, of course. I'm literally a saloon whore, sitting by the bar. He's probably assuming I'm a slut. Why am so wet?
Those eyes. They're beautiful.
I could blame it on the booze. When they ask, "Why'd you screw that Zorro guy from the party?" I can just be like, "I was plastered. I barely remember anything."
Oh, shit he's here. I don't think I know him, but it's so damn dark and loud and crowded. Now I just feel anxious.
Why did I fall for that? Did he even say anything? I don't think so. All he did was stick his hand out and now I'm supposed to dance with him? Jokes on him, I can't dance. I wonder what lotion he uses. His hand is so soft.
He probably knew I'd do what he wanted. I was practically drooling watching him get over to me. He looks shorter now that I'm standing.
Where are we going? This place isn't that big and we're almost to the other side of the crowd. I bet this asshole thinks he can just walk me right out of here and fuck me. I don't care if I am about to soak through my clothes, that ain't how this works. I'm stopping right here. I can find anyone to...
Oh my god, these lips
Why have I not kissed these lips before?
His tongue tastes like tequila.
No no no I want more, I...
Oh, he's strong. Those hands on my back, hold me, kiss me. Jesus this is incredible. I think time has stopped. More more.
"Fuck me."
What the hell did I just say? I hope he didn't hear me, it's so loud maybe he didn't hear me.
Okay, more kissing, more of those soft lips.
Oh no. What's he doing reaching down there, there are so many people around. No, it's okay. Relax Relax. It's shoulder to shoulder and so dark no one will know, and I doubt they'd care anyway. I'm probably the only one here not on ecstasy. This dude probably...
Wow.
How'd he do that? It took me like five minutes to latch the bottom of this corset earlier. I don't even know if I'll be able to...
He can feel that I've got a wet spot on my thong.
There's no stopping this now.
Oh, fuck I need this. Could I still blame the booze if I sucked his dick on the dance floor? His hands are so soft. His finger is so smooth in me. No callus or dry skin. I can tell I'm running down his hand I wonder if I'll drip on the floor.
Somebody's watching us.
I don't care.
Why'd he take his mustache off?
Holy shit he can't...
THOSE LIPS!
I'll wash all the tequila off that tongue.
Oh God, they're all watching me.
Why can't I stop myself?
I'm gonna explode. What will I tell them tomorrow? What excuse would cover this? I've gotta stop it. Stop it. Stop. Why can't I say anything? Speak goddammit.
"I'm cumming"
A crowd has never cheered for me before. If I'm going to be put on display, so is he. I'll bet he can't even get it up in front of all these people. Okay, one more kiss. He has the best lips. He looks so different without the mustache, softer somehow. His tongue doesn't taste like tequila anymore.
"Now it's your turn."
Where did he even find leather pants?
Where did...she...even find leather pants?
Those are cute underwear.
I can't do this. I've never even seen one this close. I'll just touch it. it'll be like masturbating.
She doesn't feel like me.
It's like she's swallowing my finger.
Just do it, Emma. It's too late to be embarrassed for what you want.
It's like honey, there's so much. She likes it. Where is...right there. She really likes it. What about this? What if she squirts, girls in porn always seem to squirt. I think she's done. What do we do now?