I'm Steve Potter and I've been a pub landlord my whole working life. Two years ago my wife, Bernie, died. I nearly fell apart, but with the support of my friends and staff in the pub, I kept going. A few months ago the staff in the pub, unbeknownst to me, organized a saucy Christmas calendar, with all the funds raised going to cancer research in memory of Bernie. I'd always been a keen amateur photographer and had even won awards for some of my nature photography, so I was persuaded to take the photos for the calendar. One of my staff, Karen, had also started her own fans page, just rude selfies taken in her bedroom mainly, but it was popular and with my help she turned it into a full time, very well paid job. All of the above events and goings on are covered in the story 'Trouble at the Inn.' The following is what happened after that.
.......................................................................................................................................................................................
I was collecting Estelle at twelve and was glad that I'd given myself plenty of time as the traffic was horrendous. I sat there thinking about Estelle and about the past three months. We got to spend two or three nights a week together and also saw each other most days at work, work being her daughter Karen's house, which also doubled as the studio and office of her increasingly successful online fans page. Now we were going to spend two weeks, twenty four hours a day together. We got on really well, but I was nervous.
My mind was wondering, thinking about our relationship and thinking back to how we met when Estelle had agreed to do a mother/daughter lingerie shoot with Karen. It was a really fun afternoon and the photos were amazing and to this day it is still the most popular photo set on Karen's site. We went for a drink afterwards and have been seeing each other since.
Both me and Estelle now worked full time for Karen and her page. Me as photo/videographer and Estelle as her 'personal assistant.' We have a routine, meeting around 9.30 after Karen drops her kids to school. We have a cup of tea and discuss the day ahead. At 10 Karen goes online for an hour, chatting live to fans and subscribers. She was always a good people person when she worked in the pub and still is, making all those she's chatting with feel valued and listened to. She tells them what she'll be up to that day and what new content she is posting. It's a popular hour, helped by the fact that Karen is normally just in her bra and knickers.
Me and Karen then film or shoot content before all meeting up for lunch and reviewing what we've done. Estelle had been a glamour model herself before she had Karen and often added things that we hadn't thought of. In the afternoon Estelle collects the children from school and helps them with their homework before Karen stops work around 5. It's an unusual set up, me, a fifty six year old man, taking rude photos of twenty eight year old Karen and then dating her mum, but it works for us.
Since their mother/daughter shoot Karen has received thousands of requests for more of Estelle but so far Estelle has refused, saying she's shy, which she definitely isn't. I think she's conflicted. She's a natural extrovert and has no problem modeling or showing her body but a bit of her mind thinks a woman in her fifties shouldn't be doing that, although she admits she loved doing the shoot with Karen. I also think the whole internet thing, and people all over the world having instant access to your photos, freaks her out a bit.
She's a very sexy and natural model. I've persuaded her to pose for me a few times but this has been for ourselves and we haven't shown them to anyone, Estelle enjoying teasing Karen who is mad to see them. I think this may change over the next couple of weeks as Estelle's been telling everyone that she's coming home from holiday with an all over tan, with no tan lines and that there'll be photos to prove it.
Estelle's smile and the kiss she gave me when I eventually arrived at her house made me forget any concerns I might have had, my brain now in holiday mode, especially when I saw the luggage she was bringing.
I'd managed to fit all my gear, clothes and some camera equipment, into a small rucksack and a carry-on suitcase. Estelle had the same as me plus a large suitcase that we would have to check in.
I lifted it to put it in the car and was surprised how light it was, maybe even lighter than the carry-on suitcases. I asked Estelle about this and she said it was mainly sundresses that she didn't want to squash into her other case and also all her liquids and make-up.
We got to the airport and after checking her bag in we went to the bar, Estelle getting jolly on some wine and me drinking coffee as I had to drive later. Estelle was in a playful mood and had her hand on my thigh as she whispered into my ear, telling me all the things she was going to do to me when we got to the villa, laughing at me having to adjust my trousers.
I can't remember the last time I'd checked a bag in and had forgotten how annoying the bag carousels could be. Out of a flight of two hundred people there were about fifty waiting for bags, the message on the screen changing a few times as our bags were delayed. There was no explanation for this but just before they came out I was aware of a few policemen congregating near the carousel, two baggage handling staff with them.
"Maybe someone's been a bit naughty, trying to bring in something they shouldn't, although the cops look fairly relaxed."
"Maybe." Was all Estelle said in reply, not really looking at me.
The bags eventually appeared and as we were in no rush, I let others get their bags first before I lifted Estelle's bag off. I was immediately aware of the policemen's eyes on me and was expecting them to come over to me. I looked at them but instead of approaching me they were just smiling, looking from me to Estelle and smiling more, almost sneering.
I was confused and Estelle's expression didn't help, a mix of anger and 'fuck you' defiance. I went to say something but she just took the handle of the bag and started walking, motioning for me to follow her. There were now more eyes on us and Estelle stopped, half smirking. She leant in and gave me a slow, passionate kiss on the lips, her smile spreading as she broke the kiss, saying something about giving the fuckers a show and that she'd explain soon. As we headed for the exit I'm sure she exaggerated the swing of her hips, actually enjoying whatever the fuck was going on.
We got outside and she burst out laughing, unable to hold it any more. I had a bemused look on my face as I waited for an explanation. "I knew the fuckers would scan my bag, dirty bastards."
"What the fuck was in it?"
She blushed for the first time, "It's full of sex toys and sexy lingerie."
My draw dropped, my shocked face making her laugh more, me joining in as I didn't know what else to do.
"I thought if I checked a bag in then even if they did notice what was in it, no one would be that bothered and they wouldn't trace it to me. Whereas if I had to put it through the xray machine myself, they would definitely know it was me who owned it."
"They might think you have small rockets or missiles in there."
"Very funny."
"So you think they saw what was in there and then told all their mates about it, that's what the delay was and why so many fellas were watching you."
"Definitely, bleeding pervs."
"Serves you right for bringing them, why have you brought them?"
Before she answered this Estelle bent down and examined her bag, "The zips are in a different position, I think they've had a look inside as well."
She opened it and was saying they'd definitely taken everything out.
"Maybe they were sniffing them to see if they'd been used."
Estelle started laughing and I thought it was at my bad joke but then she stood up with a piece of paper in her hand, "One of them has left me his phone number."
"I bet it was the small one with the moustache and the pot belly, he seems like your type."
Estelle pulled a face, "Maybe it was the young one with the broad shoulders, I noticed a very impressive bulge in his trousers." It was my turn to pull a face before we both started laughing at the absurdity of the situation.
We collected the hire car and I could tell Estelle was still in a bit of shock, almost high on the excitement and embarrassment of her suitcase being searched. "Did you see their faces? There must have been ten or fifteen of them watching me. I also think they were smiling at you."
"All I noticed was that you stuck your tits out and wiggled your ass more when you walked."
Estelle giggled, "As I said, might as well give them a show. I suppose I was lucky they didn't pull me in for questioning and a strip search, although that might have been interesting."
"I don't think it's like it is in those porn movies where the woman gets pulled in by security and has to have sex with them before they let her go."
"You don't think so? That's a shame." Estelle had the cheeky grin that I loved, I just smiled and shook my head.
I know it wasn't like smuggling drugs or something but I was still surprised about the sex toys and lingerie and wondered exactly what she was planning. We arrived at the villa and I went to the kitchen to get us some wine, thinking we could have a drink and a talk. Estelle had other ideas, following me and then taking my hand and pulling me to the bedroom, saying all the eyes on her had made her horny.
We lay in our favourite position, Estelle's head on my shoulder and her leg thrown across me, her bum cheek fitting perfectly into my hand as I held her close.
"That was fucking amazing. I should get caught with a bag full of dildo's again if it's going to make you that rampant."
"It's you that makes me horny and turns me on."
"Is that so, what bits of me make you horny?"
"Every bit. Your mind, your smile, your attitude."
Estelle interrupted me, "And I thought you only wanted me for my tits and ass."
"I was getting to those." We lay there in the fading light and I could tell we were both smiling, happy in our post coital bliss and in the knowledge that we were both with someone that really wanted us, maybe even loved us.
I think we could have happily stayed there except that we were both hungry and thirsty, deciding to go to a small restaurant nearby. We showered and then I sat there smiling sillily as Estelle started to unpack her smaller suitcase, me looking from that case to her bigger one.
"Ok, ok, stop with the grinning. We'll talk about it when we get to the restaurant, after I've had a glass or two of wine."
"We better get a quiet corner table then." Estelle stuck her tongue out at me.
Spanish restaurants don't rush you and give you time between courses. We'd actually drunk most of a bottle of a delicious red by the time the main course arrived, talking about all sorts and just relaxing into the holiday feeling. We fell into an easy silence and knew it was time for Estelle to explain what she was planning.
"You know Karen wants me to do more photos?" I nodded, "Well I'm really torn. I enjoy modeling, especially for you, but then I think do I really need or want people seeing all my bits, especially at my age.
Then another bit of me thinks, why shouldn't I? I've never cared what others think of me, I've a good body and I know from the reaction to my set with Karen that people want to see me. I'm not short of money but if people want to pay to see my tits, then why not. I'm really torn. What do you think?"
I was torn myself, I loved taking photos of Estelle, even when they were just for us to look at. But a bit of my brain also got a kick out of taking challenging and rude photos that I knew would be seen by thousands. It was a funny thing, my own favourite photos to look at are sexy lingerie shots, even classic older ones, but my favourite photos to shoot are pornographic ones, even though I do try and put an arty spin on them.
"I think we need to talk it through more, tease it out, maybe even take a few photos and see how you feel." Estelle nodded, "I have to ask you, if you're so undecided, why did you bring the suitcase full of toys and lingerie?"
Estelle blushed and took another sip of her wine, "Well, me and Karen have been talking a lot lately. As you know she's been making a lot of money off her site. She's really been studying the genre and says that instead of me just doing another set for her site she thinks I should start my own site. She says we'd attract different punters but that we should link the sites, offering a discount if they subscribe to both. Also we would appear on each other sites doing mother daughter shoots"
I couldn't hide my enthusiasm, "I think it's a brilliant idea, there's so many scenes we could shoot." Then, remembering that I was meant to be supporting Estelle, I added, "But of course, it's only if you want to and are comfortable."
Estelle smiled at my poor attempt at being reasonable and independent, "Over the past week I've been building myself up, thinking 'fuck it I'm gonna do it' I have nothing to lose and I love it when you're taking dirty photos of me. I love it when you're trying to act all cool and professional but you've got a raging hard on that you're dying for me to suck. I want you to take photos of me sucking your cock and then post them for the world to see."
"If you keep talking like that I'm going to cum in my pants."
"Good. I want to show Karen that I'm a dirtier bitch than she is. That I can take riskier pictures than she does and stick bigger objects up my holes than she does."
Just then the waiter brought our desserts and we burst out laughing. Once everyone had stopped looking at us and the waiter had left we managed to carry on talking.
"I think if you do a site that you'll definitely have to do some dirty talking on it, that was amazing."
"You'll be amazed how dirty I can be, once I go for it, there's no stopping me. I hope you can keep up."
As we left the restaurant Estelle turned and kissed me, leaving me in no doubt as to the mood she was in. I felt the same but her last sentence kept coming back to bother me.
In the months we'd been together we had had a good sex life but I'd also had a couple of no shows, that is, I couldn't get it up. Estelle didn't seem bothered by this and we had found many ways to pleasure each other, but it still bothered me. I'd already come once that day and even though I'd had an hard on when Estelle was talking in the restaurant, I was worried that I might not get an erection, especially as I'd had a fair bit of wine.
We were canoodling back in the villa and it felt amazing, every bit of me reacting to Estelle, apart from the bit that I thought mattered. If my dick wasn't stiff then the rest of my body certainly was, my worry and annoyance getting the better of me. Estelle sensed this and kissed me, not hornily or passionately, but lovingly. She pulled back from me and had a cheeky grin on her face and mischief in her eyes.
"Come with me, I've got something for you." She took my hand and led me to the bedroom, kissing me again before pushing me backwards to sit on the bed. She went to the big suitcase and turned it so that when she lifted the lid and knelt down, she was all but hidden from me.
She seemed to be ages rummaging around in it and then I heard her laugh and say, "The dirty bastards." I presumed she was talking about the baggage handlers or police at the airport and that they must have done something to one of her sex toys or outfits.
She closed the suitcase and had her hand hidden behind her back, a big, silly grin on her face. I was actually enjoying this and looking forward to what she would show me, my mind, at least temporarily, off of my dick.
She stood in front of me, her boobs, and the little bit of cleavage she was showing, right in front of my face. I was about to grab for her when she brought her hand around and showed me a small plastic bag with blue pills in it.
I knew what they were and had considered getting some, only my embarrassment and silliness stopping me from going to the pharmacy. Without speaking, Estelle passed me a small bottle of water from the table and put a pill to my lips, like a good boy I opened my mouth and swallowed it.
"What were you laughing and swearing about in the bag?"
"I brought two bags of pills, the fuckers at the airport must have stole one of them."
"I bet it was the fat one with the moustache."
"Probably, I don't think the young one needed them, his dick twitched every time I smiled at him."
"Umm, I didn't realize you were so observant."
"Oh I am, I notice cute asses and nice big cocks just like you notice women's asses and their boobs."
I laughed, knowing I wouldn't win this argument.
I took her hand and tried to gently pull her onto the bed but she resisted. She was smiling but I could sense an energy, a mischievous wildness that I hadn't felt before, it both excited and worried me.
She pulled my hand and I stood up and followed her to the bathroom, Estelle hiking up her skirt and pulling her knickers down as she sat on the toilet. It's funny, but I hadn't seen her pee before, it felt both normal, like any couple might do, but at the same time a bit forbidden. I brushed my teeth and then we swapped around, me opting to sit to pee as I thought it more polite, "Do it standing up, I want to watch."
I was a bit surprised but stood up anyway, not bothering to pull up my jeans that were around my ankles. I found it quite hard to pee, Estelle looking down at my dick with an amused smirk on her face, "If I stick my finger up your bum will that help?"
"I don't think so, but thank you for the kind offer." We were both smiling at our own silliness and I think this helped me relax, my bladder full of wine finally winning out. I was in full flow when Estelle moved behind me and put her arms around me, replacing my hand with her hand on my penis. "I've always wanted to aim one of these."
Her initial aim wasn't great and more pee went outside the bowl then inside, she giggled "I think I need more practice. I love the way it pulsates when you're peeing." She was squeezing quiet tightly which felt great and just as my stream was waning she squeezed even tighter, stopping the flow. I don't know if the pills were working yet, but my dick was definitely hardening.
Estelle pulled me around by my cock so I was facing her, that mischievous grin still on her face. She let go of my dick and I almost groaned in disappointment, causing Estelle to laugh at my reaction and me to have a silly grin on my face as I stood there with my trousers round my ankles.
She was teasing me now, messing with me. She knelt down and my dick twitched in anticipation causing her to giggle more, but she shook her head, moving her hands down and grabbing my trousers so I could step out of them. She then moved forward and licked at the very tip of my dick, leaning back, smiling and licking her lips.
I was shocked, she'd just licked the few drops of pee that we hadn't shaken off my dick and she seemed delighted, my surprised expression seemingly pleasing her even more. She opened her mouth and told me to 'pee some more.'
I'd never done this and at that moment was desperate to do it, but the urge to pee had gone completely off me. I took her hand and helped her stand up, "You really are a dirty bitch." She took this as the compliment it was intended and smiled, saying "I'm only just getting started."
Even with the few photo shoots we had done, our sex life since we'd met had been fairly vanilla, certainly nothing that had prepared me for how Estelle was acting now, not that I was complaining.
We moved back to the bedroom and Estelle started to unbutton my shirt and then surprised me by asking "What's the dirtiest photos you've taken of Karen?"
I knew she'd seen virtually every photo and video we'd taken and was also wondering what was going on with Estelle and Karen and was wary of getting involved in some sort of strange competition between them.
Despite my best efforts to maintain a classic, teasing vibe to it, Karen's site had been getting increasingly pornographic so it was probably a recent shoot. "It's probably that video from two weeks back when she was fucking and sucking that dildo."
I could see Estelle thinking and remembering the video, "Yeah that was pretty good. She looked like she was enjoying it, although I think she could have swallowed the dildo deeper."
I couldn't help but smile at this strange observation. "Have you ever shown her the magazines you were in when you were younger?" Estelle had shown me two magazines that she was in when she was a young model, before having children. They were of the continental variety and fairly hardcore.
She started to laugh, "God no, I was always too embarrassed. Although she knows I did adult modeling" She laughed more, "I suppose I had a lot more practice than she's had."
I didn't know all the details and wasn't sure I wanted to know, instead I asked what was going on with her and Karen.
"Nothing's going on as such. She's been trying all sorts of tactics to get me to pose for her site or to start my own. Since I enjoyed that lingerie shoot we did together so much, she seems to think it will be good for me, bring me out of myself more. I was wild when I was younger, even after Karen was born I was still up for anything. Then my husband, Karen's father, fucked off and left us.
It really took the wind out of my sails. I loved him and thought we'd be together forever. I had Karen to look after and just committed myself to that. Even though she now flashes her tits and ass for a living, I think I did a good job."
I couldn't disagree. I'd known Karen for five years and she was one of the nicest and soundest people I knew. Even since she started modeling six months ago and was making a lot of money, she was still the same. Estelle continued.
"You might not know this but you are the first serious relationship I've had since I got divorced twenty years ago. I've seen a couple of fellas but I think I scared them off." She was laughing as she said this. "No seriously, you're the first one I've felt I could really be myself with."
I was chuffed by this but wanted to keep it light, "Sorry, I didn't realize we were in a serious relationship."
"You don't think I'd lick the piss off your dick if we weren't, do you. What sort of a tart do you take me for?" This was mad and funny and we were both laughing.
"Getting back to Karen. Her latest tactic has been to goad me that I'm passed it and not wild enough or liberated enough to do more online shoots. In my head I'd already 90% decided I was going to do more stuff for her site. Now I want to shock the hell out of her. I always enjoyed modeling and if I'm honest the fact that someone, somewhere was wanking over a picture of me and thinking what they'd like to do to me, turned me on. Now I have a new generation who seem to want to wank over me."
The whole situation and Estelle talking about people wanking over her had us both horny, I was naked so it was obvious, but with Estelle it was more in her eyes and her demeanour
"So what are you going to do to shock Karen?"
I think the question caught her off guard but she soon recovered, telling me to get my camera.
"The lighting is terrible in here, the photos will be rubbish."
"I don't care, I don't care if there's no fucking film in your camera, I just want to pose and for you to take photos."
I smiled, thinking back to when we had to worry about cameras having film in them, I then had a brain wave. "Why don't I use my phone, it has a great camera and you can send the photos instantly to Karen if you want."
I wasn't into buying the latest phones but Karen had bought it for me, writing it off against tax as she said it was for the business. It had the very best camera of any phone and we would sometimes use it to shoot instant videos and photos if an opportunity arose.
I could see Estelle thinking about it, the twinkle in her eye getting brighter and the smirk on her face getting dirtier, if that was possible.
I went to get my phone, Estelle shouting after me to bring two more glasses of wine back with me. The tablet was definitely working now, Estelle smiling at the hardest boner I had in years as I walked back into the bedroom with the wine and the phone.
My hands were full so when Estelle started kissing me and wanking me at the same time I could only just stand there and let her. I wasn't quite helpless but Estelle seemed to like being in control so I let her.
She let me go and took her wine and we both raised our glasses, sharing a conspiratorial smile as we did so. "I've come up with an idea for a video to send Karen."
"What is it?"
"You'll see, just sit back against the pillows and start videoing when I tell you." This wasn't how shoots normally worked, but this wasn't a normal shoot.
I sat back and made myself comfortable, taking photos of Estelle who was stood and still drinking her wine.
"I didn't tell you to start yet."
"I'm not videoing, I'm just taking photos of a very beautiful, sexy lady."
Estelle pouted and smiled and then put her wine down and started to undress, not a striptease but a slow and methodical process, looking at me and striking little posse the whole time. It was hard to concentrate, Estelle and the tablets actually making my dick painfully hard, as if the skin might split.
She joined me naked on the bed and we clinked glasses again before finishing the last of our wine.
"So what's your idea?"
"Is the phone any good at close ups, really close ups. In fact it doesn't matter, it might be better if it's a bit blurred to begin with. Try not to show my face fully till I look into the camera."
She could tell by my face that I hadn't a clue what she was on about, but this seemed to amuse her more, her telling me to scoot down the bed a little so my head and shoulders were just supported by the pillows.
I got myself in position and Estelle turned around and put her leg over me so she was straddling me with her back to me. "Put the phone right against your face but don't video till I tell you."
I thought I'd guessed what she was doing and expected her to mount me reverse cowboy style, my aching dick twitching, and probably oozing, in anticipation. Instead of this she leant forward till her head was at my knees and her bum in the air, her ass cheeks wonderfully taut and everything on display.
I took a couple of sneaky photos of this amazing sight, Estelle obviously aware as she wiggled and giggled before starting to edge back towards me, nearly doing the splits as her knees went either side of my shoulders. As she straightened up and her pussy and asshole came even closer to my face I was tempted to move the phone and stick my tongue out, but didn't.
Her ass cheek touched the phone and squashed it to my face, the smell of her sex almost distracting me, "Start videoing now."
"I can't, it's dark back here, I can't see the button, Also you're not centred. Pull forward a little bit and pull your cheeks apart and then sit back."
Estelle nearly lost balance as she put her hand behind her and managed to spread her ass cheeks even further apart, the phone now firmly wedged in place.
"Videoing now." I told her and she moved forward, nearly taking the phone with her. I moved the phone just a tad so it was level and I could see the screen. The screen was a dark blur but as she inched forward and the light of the room illuminated her ass you could just make out what you were looking at. She moved slowly, the focus adjusting and her gloriously wet slit and puckered hole coming into focus.
"Stop." I said and Estelle stopped, realizing I was letting the camera capture this wonderful sight. She started bobbing her head as if giving me a blow job but her head was now mid thigh, but it looked real. She started moving again and kept her legs spread wide, her head and shoulders rising and her back arching, the lights of the room casting shadows on her back and the camera capturing the muscles of her back, from her straining sphincter to between her shoulder blades.
I asked her to stop again, and I adjusted my position so I could take in more of this shot. I wasn't sure what else she had in mind but I felt that so far this video would look amazing, challenging and questioning the line between pornography and erotica. That was soon to change.
Estelle headed towards the corner of the bed, lifting one leg over the footboard and dropping the other off the mattress onto the floor. I was smiling and admiring her flexibility when she stopped and positioned herself over the finial ball on top of the leg. She wouldn't, would she?
It wasn't a particularly big ball as far as beds go, but it had a few decorative carvings and was definitely bigger that most things you would put inside yourself. Estelle gingerly lowered herself down, her body tense and I wondered who was holding their breath the most, me or her. I smiled as she wiggled her hips and lowered some more, her breath now coming in little grunts as she accommodated the foreign object. Even in this weird and obscene position she still looked amazing.
I could no longer see the finial, and her breathing normalized as she got used to the intrusion, the muscles of her back visibly relaxing as she took a few deep breaths. She started to move slowly up and down, half turning her head towards me, the triumphant smile only spoilt a little by the dribble on her chin.
She wasn't moving fast but her pace had definitely increased, Estelle leaning more to her left as she grinded up and down, obviously enjoying the sensation of the protruding carving on that side.
"Lean forward, I want to see your cunt fucking the bedpost." I thought this was an appropriate statement, given the circumstances. Estelle must have agreed as she giggled before leaning forward, lifting up and plunging down on the makeshift phallus, the squelching noise of her pussy clearly audible on the video as I moved in for a closer look.
Estelle must have liked the new position, her breathing quickening as the sensations built, her whole body tensing and straightening as she finally came. It was amazingly erotic and quite moving and I wanted to cuddle and hold her as she came down from her high but I was also still recording and pushed myself back up the bed to rest on the pillows, the screen showing Estelle in the middle as she gathered herself.
She slowly lifted herself off and stood, moving her hips from side to side, letting her body right itself. I zoomed in, first on her glistening thighs and then on the bed post, wet and sticky.
I was still filming the bed post when Estelle turned around, her face the picture of someone who had just been fucked, the hair wild and the make-up smudged. She smiled down at me and then at my now semi hard dick, pointing to it and then to her mouth. She signalled for me to film my dick. I did this and she stood at the end of the bed, pinching and pulling her nipples and making my dick magically grow on the video.
She moved to the side of the bed, still out of shot, her hand coming to rest on my dick and a long, manicured nail tracing its way slowly up the hardened shaft, making me tingle and Estelle give a bawdy laugh at my reaction. She grabbed my dick and pointed it skyward, the back of her head coming into view as she lowered her head and took me in her mouth.
The combination of me being turned on for so long and Estelle's undoubted oral skills meant I had no chance of lasting too long, which I think was the idea. She went for it like a dervish, sucking and licking relentlessly until I had no chance, Estelle letting the first spurt hit her in the face and putting my dick back in her mouth and swallowing the rest. She lifted her head and sat back, looking straight into the camera, the sweet smile on her face only spoilt by the droplets of spunk running down her cheek and chin. Waving she said, "Night, night darling, mummy loves you, chat tomorrow."
I just managed to press stop on the video before we both burst out laughing, "You're fucking mad, we can't send that to Karen."
"Why can't we, I want to shock her a bit, show her how wild I can be. She probably won't see it till the morning anyway."
I couldn't actually think of a reason why we couldn't send it. Instead I just told Estelle how amazing I thought she was, "You are one dirty bitch, an incredibly horny, sexy dirty bitch and I love it."
She seemed pleased with my reaction, "I'm glad you approve. Actually, I'd forgotten how much I love fucking myself in front of a camera, I just lose myself in the moment. I want to film more now?"
"You must be sore."
"I am, but there's always my bum hole." She burst out laughing and I knew she was taking the piss, although I wouldn't have put it passed her. Instead we lay down and watched the video, Estelle wanking me as we did and complimenting me on having a very steady hand.
It was now late and despite my reservations, Estelle insisted on sending the video to Karen. We were nearly asleep when my phone pinged, a message from Karen who was obviously awake and had seen the video. "You're a dirty slapper. Did Steve's cock taste nice?"
On this we fell asleep and I, for one, had amazing dreams.
I woke first and crept out of bed, trying not to wake her as I headed first to the bathroom and then to the kitchen to make coffee. As I switched on the machine Estelle shouted out that she'd have one also.
Estelle was still lying down when I brought the coffees in, "My pussies sore, it hurts when I move."
"I'm not surprised. You probably overstretched it last night." We both looked at the bedpost.
"I don't think so, I've had bigger things than that up there." I was shocked, my raised eyebrow making her smile, "Although admittedly not for a long time."
"I think I've actually bruised it inside. I was too drunk and banged down too hard on the knob. Bloody typical, I bring all these sex toys to film myself using them and now won't be able to, not for a while anyway. In the old days it used to take three or four days for the bruises to settle down."
I was intrigued but almost afraid of asking about the 'old days'. Instead I asked. "So you've fully decided that you're going to do the website?"
"I think I have. I used to really enjoy the modeling when I was young. I know why I stopped, but looking back I feel like I missed out on something. Only since Karen started modeling and I met you have I felt like I could regain that feeling. But this time it'll be even better because I'm in control of what I do and I've got you taking the photos. Does that make sense?"
"It really does." A mad, dirty idea was forming in my head, "How do you want your site to be, do you want it to be more saucy or more hardcore?"
"Both I suppose, but knowing me it'll end up more hardcore." Estelle gave a dirty laugh as she said this, which spurred me on.
"I think you can do hardcore in a fun, saucy way. You have the personality and the attitude. Most girls on these sites looked bored shitless and are just going through the motions. Your selling point, apart from the fact that you're gorgeous and sexy, is that you enjoy doing it and you're a natural tart."
Estelle laughed again, "You say the nicest things."
I smiled down at her, "We should start filming stuff straight away, we can set the site up later."
I got the phone and checked there was plenty of memory left. "I want you to start talking into the camera and explaining about you sore pussy, we can combine it with some of the footage from last night."
"That's brilliant. Should I go and fix my make and hair first?"
"As you are is perfect, you have the sexiest bed head I've ever seen."
"Charmer." Estelle sat up in bed and pulled the sheet across her chest. I started filming as she took a sip of her coffee.
"Good morning my lovelies. This is the morning after the night before, you would have seen that I was a bit drunk last night and got carried away on the, eh, bed post." Estelle gave a throaty, sexy laugh as she said this and I panned to the guilty timber. "I've just woke up and Fred, my wonderful cameraman, has brought me a cup of coffee. The thing is, and I'm letting you into a little secret here, the thing is I've got a sore cunt. I think I've bruised my pussy filming footage for you dirty pervs to watch at home. I don't think I'm flexible enough to inspect it myself so I'm going to get Fred to go under the covers and film it with his camera so I can have a look at it."
I wanted to stop filming and tell her how bloody wonderful she was but I knew it would look better if I just carried on with the filming. With my free hand I gave her a thumbs-up before lifting the covers at the end of the bed, Estelle bending her legs up as I did so.
"What does it look like under there?"
"It's dark."
"Turn the light on."
"Oh yeah." I could hear Estelle giggling as I fiddled with the phone, trying to find the flash button in the near darkness. I found it and the scene became like something out of a homemade horror movie, only Estelle's shins visible in the eerie light, the covers having draped down between her knees.
"Can you bend your legs up some more?"
Estelle pulled her legs up to her chest and put her hands behind her knees, her bum rising slightly off the mattress and the covers sliding up my back and letting in a little more light, which wasn't a bad thing.
"What does it look like now?"
"Incredible." I heard her giggle again.
"What can you see?"
"I can see a gorgeous bum hole, it looks ok but I'll just inspect it." I moved slightly closer and pressed my index finger gently against her sphincter. It rebounded and then Estelle flexed it, almost making it wink at me. It was my turn to giggle. I moved the focus of the camera higher.
"I can see pussy lips still stuck together with last night's goo."
"What does it smell like?"
I made a point of sniffing loudly so it could be heard on the video, "I can smell sex and wood veneer." More giggles.
I gently parted the lips using two fingers, "I see a beautiful, inviting wet pussy. Oh no, that doesn't look right."
"What?"
"Your clitoris is red and inflamed."
"That's because I've been rubbing it this morning."
"Do you want me to kiss it better?"
"Yes please." More giggles.
I couldn't fit my head and the phone between her legs so instead I suddenly straightened, throwing the covers of my back as I sat back, the camera catching Estelle in all her leg spread glory, a big cheeky grin on her face. Maybe she'd been smiling like that the whole time.
I turned off the camera and we both burst out laughing, "That was fucking amazing, you are incredible."
"You weren't bad yourself, do you think the film will look ok?"
"I do, even if it's a bit dark or too light it will just add to it. We can watch it now."
We cuddled up and replayed the film, both of us in stitches at our attempts at being serious.
"That's exactly what I was talking about, saucy and filthy. That could be the name of your page, 'Estelle's saucy and filthy page'."
"I should use a different name, just like Karen does. When I modeled before I went by Stella Smith."
"Stella's Smith's Saucy Adventures has a ring to it."
"It really does. I'm horny and excited now, what shall we film next?"
"I'm horny and hungry. Why don't you have a shower and I'll nip to the shop and buy something for breakfast." I helped her off the bed and couldn't help but smile as she walked stiffly to the bathroom, getting called a fucker for my troubles.
6
Our villa was one of a dozen identical ones, all set on the edge of a small seaside village. The village was quiet and not too touristy, having only a bar/restaurant and a couple of shops. The beach was about half a mile from the villa and if you went in the other direction for six miles you came to a larger town with all the amenities and shops you might need.
We were slightly off season and even though the weather was still warm, the village seemed even quieter than normal. I was daydreaming as I walked to the shop, trying to think of possible photos and videos I might take of Estelle. As always I bought way too much stuff in the shop, enjoying practising my basic Spanish even though the owner spoke good English. Walking back I passed an old lady waiting at the bus stop, I said hello to her and felt the rumblings of a photo shoot in my head.
Estelle was already in the kitchen when I got back, wearing a light summer dress and moving much more freely, the magic of a hot shower. We were eating our breakfast when she looked at her watch "They're one hour behind us in the UK, so that means Karen will be up and giving the kids their breakfast." I nodded.
Estelle phoned Karen and put it on speaker, what followed was one of the most bizarre phone conversations I've ever heard. She started off by telling Karen that she had decided to start her own fans page, Karen unable to hide her excitement and one of the children asking her what the good news was, Karen biting her tongue and saying that Granny had got a new job as a mature model. Estelle then started describing, in graphic detail, the video we'd shot that morning, stopping halfway through and mouthing 'Bitch' as Karen handed the phone to one of the children.
"Hello darling, how was school yesterday?"
"It was good. Will you take lots of photos in Spain and give them to me. I want to show them to my teacher."
"Of course I will." How Estelle kept a straight face I don't know, but she burst out laughing as soon as she'd hung up.
"So come on mister, what's saucy Stella's next adventure?"
"I think we should get the bus into town so that I can buy a new SD card for the phone, I think we're going to be filming a lot of videos."
"And?"
"I think you should wear a sundress with no underwear. I can film you trying a few on and you can talk to the camera, explaining what's going on."
"Sounds interesting. I could do a bit of flashing in town, maybe even on the bus."
"That's what I was thinking. It might not work out but even if it doesn't, we can have a nice lunch in town and we'll get the SD card."
Estelle was an absolute star, chatting away so naturally to the camera that you'd have thought she was an experienced actress reading a script rather than someone making it up as they went along. She tried on a dress that we knew wouldn't work, the top unable to contain her boobs without the support of a bra or bikini. It gave us the opportunity for me to say "Too much nipple" when she asked what I thought of it and for Estelle to play with, and squeeze her nipples through the thin material as she looked into the camera and said "Is there ever too much nipple." It wasn't Hollywood but it worked for a porn page.
We eventually settled on what was probably her most conservative dress. It had broad shoulder straps and a structured body, her boobs encased and an A-line skirt that finished mid thigh and flowed and floated as she moved. What made it work was that it was ever so slightly too small, her obviously unsupported boobs straining to get out and the wiggle of her ass visible as she walked. Before we left Estelle insisted I take another one of the blue pills, 'I want you hard and ready to burst all day' was her reasoning.
We made our way to the bus stop and saw two young guys sitting there with skateboards, they looked up as we approached but then went back to their phones.
There were about ten seats at the bus stop and we stopped at the opposite end from them. Estelle sat down and I stayed standing, pointing the camera at her. I gave her the thumbs up and she gave a little wave and smile to the camera before beginning to goof around, striking poses and purring and pouting for the camera, pulling her shoulders back and sticking her chest out. I was concentrating on Estelle but was also aware of the guys watching us, whatever was on their phones now forgotten.
Without prompting, Estelle stood up and turned her back to me, bending at the waist and putting her hands on the seat, smiling back over her shoulder as her dress rode up her legs, the tiniest bit of ass cheek just visible. She held the pose for a couple of seconds, knowing we could also convert them to stills, before turning her head and smiling at the young men, both of them smiling nervously back.
One of the guys got his phone and started filming us filming. This struck me as amusing so I moved to Estelle's left so she was between us, and I could film her and also film him filming us, if you know what I mean. She straightened and turned to face me, one of her wickedest, sexiest smiles on her face. She looked straight into the camera and put her finger to her lip as if to say 'shhh.' Giggling, she bent slightly forward and lifted the back of her dress, her bare bottom now on display to the two young guys. Their faces were a picture and the one with the phone nearly dropped it as he scrambled to make sure it was still recording.
It was only for a few seconds but somehow felt longer. She dropped her dress and looked at me rather than the camera, I think taking my smile and obvious erection as encouragement to carry on. I'd been aroused since we left the villa, which I guess was the point of me taking the pill.
Estelle went and sat back down, looking at the two guys and signaling with her hand for them to come over. The one with the phone had stood up with no hesitation but the other one seemed shyer and more fumbling, struggling to decide whether to come over and whether to bring his skateboard with him or leave it where it was.
They both eventually walked the few steps towards Estelle and she patted the seats either side of her, encouraging them to sit down. They both looked nervous, even the bolder one, but Estelle had a beaming smile, saying "It's ok, sit down." I'm not sure whether they understood English but they sat down anyway.
Estelle jiggled her shoulders, making her arms rub off of both of theirs and her boobs wobble from side to side, giggling as they both looked down at them. She leaned back and stuck her boobs out, putting her arms behind their backs as if cuddling them around the waist. I said "smile" and the three of them looked straight at the camera, the guys relaxing and smiling along with Estelle.
Both their bodies tensed and I knew Estelle was doing something, the bold one with the camera smiling more, but the shy one looking a bit shocked. Estelle's expression hardly changed but I guessed she had put her hands down the back of their shorts.
I had an idea. I lowered the phone from my face but kept it pointed at them. I brought my free hand to my chest and made a groping movement, Estelle's eyes narrowing as if to say 'you fucker.'
They both looked at Estelle for permission and she gave the smallest of nods, the bold one needing no encouragement as his right hand came up and grabbed onto her tit, kneading the flesh through her dress. The shyer one was more hesitant, watching his friend for a few moments and looking from Estelle to me before finally bringing his hand up, Estelle ignoring his friend and turning her head towards him, smiling encouragingly.
I don't think Estelle was actually enjoying it but she acted it well for the camera. The bold one took his hand from her tit and moved it downwards towards the hem of her dress, Estelle quickly giving him a 'naughty boy' tap on the back of his hand. He looked genuinely disappointed and Estelle looked genuinely amused as she sat up straight. I felt sorry for the shyer lad who had taken his hand off her boob, he'd been really getting into it.
Estelle smiled and winked at the camera before shifting in her seat, turning her back to the bold one who caught on immediately, his hand going up her back and finding her zip, Estelle immediately slipping the wide straps off her shoulders.
By god, she had magnificent tits. A little droopy as you'd expect but still full and firm with large nipples that pointed at the camera. The bold one went to grab a handful but Estelle stopped him again, nodding for his friend to go first. He wasn't as hesitant this time and was soon massaging her left boob, his thumb rubbing up and down on her nipple which got appreciative coos from Estelle. So far no people or traffic had passed us but we could hear a scooter approaching and I looked to Estelle to see if we should stop, she shook her head and smiled more as it slowly passed, it bibbing us up and the two young guys waving as they must have known them.
She nodded to the eager guy that he could join in now and he immediately started squeezing her boob, twisting the nipple and pulling it hard. Estelle was still smiling and pretending to be enjoying it but I could tell it was getting out of hand. I was just about to stop filming and intervene when Estelle firmly removed both hands from her boobs, smiling but completely in control.
She stood up and looked into the camera, crooking her finger and calling me forward. I took a step forward and she started talking to the camera, "Are you dirty fuckers enjoying watching me have my tits groped, I hope so because I'm enjoying it." She slowly looked down at my crotch, giggling for the video, "It looks like the cameraman is enjoying it also." She took the phone from me and started filming me, from my silly grin down to my painful boner.
She turned and handed the camera to the shyer of the guys, pointing for him to film the two of us. Her tits were still fully on display as she backed away from him and turned to face me, her hands around my neck and pulling me in for a kiss. I was holding tightly to me but looking at the two guys, both now filming us. I whispered "Are you ok?" and she answered "Yeah. It was like being mauled by a fucking orangutan but the other guys quite dishy, I'd let him play with my tits anytime."
I was shaking my head and trying to think of a response when we heard what sounded like the bus approaching. Estelle tried to push away from me to do her clothes up but I held her tight, smiling at the two cameras as I lifted the back of her skirt up, briefly pulling her ass cheeks apart as the two guys smiled back, the shy one even giving me a thumbs up. I let her go and she gave me a vicious 'I'll get you for that' look, just getting her boobs back in the dress and turning for me to do the zip as the bus pulled up.
A few people were getting off the bus and Estelle took my hand as we waited, standing in close so her body was touching mine. I leant down and kissed her and she looked emotional and vulnerable for the first time. "We can go home if you like, we don't need to go into town."
She cuddled into me, "I'm ok, I just get carried away sometimes and then I feel all emotional, I'll be fine."
The guys had retrieved their skateboards and we let them onto the bus ahead of us, both giving us a cheeky, almost embarrassed grin as they passed. I smiled to myself, thinking we hadn't even spoken to them. They had passes so got on the bus quickly, we were paying cash and had to wait as the driver huffed and puffed looking for change, making us fully aware that we were an inconvenience to him.
The bus was only about half full and looking down the length of it we saw the two guys had gotten the back seat to themselves. There were lots of seats for us to sit on but when Estelle looked at me questioningly, and I saw mischief in her eyes, I knew what she was thinking. She really was irrepressible.
Myself and Karen had filmed many public shoots and it always amazed me how little notice people take of you, most too busy in their own heads or their own phones. Even the ones who do notice you often realize what you're doing and give you a bit of space, so it was on the bus. I lowered the phone down so as not to be too obvious and let Estelle walk ahead of me, the swish of her skirt and the natural sway of her hips exaggerated by the movement of the bus as it pulled away.
She reached the back and on queue the guys separated, allowing her to turn and sit down between them, a hand on each of their knees and a big smile on her face. I walked slowly up the bus trying to hold the camera steady, an elderly lady being the only one to even look at me as I passed. The shyer guy smiled up at me and offered to move along so I could sit down but I shook my head and Estelle squeezed his knee and said "You stay there."
He immediately replied "Ok." I don't know why but I'd presumed they didn't speak English, which is silly as many young Spaniards do. I was smiling at this when Estelle looked at the bolder one and told him to film her with his phone. He looked a little confused but his friend said something in Spanish and he smiled and got his ready.
She shifted her weight and turned her body slightly so she was looking at the shy guy, her gaze drifting from his face down to his lap. Even with loose shorts on it was very obvious he had a boner. She let her hand trail from his knee up his leg, slowly passing over his dick and pushing his t-shirt out of the way, coming to a stop on his belly, her fingertips just inside his shorts. He looked petrified and Estelle leaned in closer, almost deep breathing in his ear as she told him to relax and asked was this ok.
He nodded and actually slid down the seat a little, making Estelle smirk as he was making access easier for her. Her hand didn't have far to go before reaching his dick and she turned and looked into my camera, a 'nice surprise' look on her face, oohing and saying "He's a big boy."
You could see the outline of her hand and see clearly what she was doing as she caressed his dick before encircling it with her fingers, saying "My fingers don't even meet." This time I don't think she was acting.
She started to wank him slowly and you could tell by his breathing and expression that this was a new sensation for him. The bus stopped again but rather than stopping, Estelle seemed to speed up. You could actually see the sinews of her forearm flexing as she grappled with the big dick. The bus pulled away and Estelle seemed to grip harder and go faster, a look of concentration on her face as she tried to bring him over the edge.
I think he was trying to hold it but just couldn't, his cheeks going flushed red as his hips bucked. Estelle had an almost triumphant look on her face, her hand now gently wanking the last of his sperm out. She pulled her hand out and it was covered in spunk, lifting it up to show the camera, that spark in her eye as she stuck her tongue out and tasted some of it.
I don't think we'd even registered that the bus had stopped again but the driver was shouting something down the bus. The guys expressions changed and I thought we'd been rumbled, but he was actually shouting that it was their stop, the skate park just across the road. In a mad panic they got themselves off the bus, just managing a little wave back before stepping off.
I sat down next to Estelle, a silly grin on my face as I looked from her to her spunk covered hand, "I wonder what their names were."
This was like the straw that broke the camel's back, both of us bursting out laughing at the absurdity of what had just happened. Even funnier was that some of the other passengers now looked our way, smiling at our laughing and Estelle having to hide her hand.
As everyone knows, semen seems to get magically runnier the longer you leave it. We had no tissues and the only thing I could think of was Estelle's knickers that I had put into my bag in case we got caught somewhere. She didn't look too impressed but we could both see the funny side of it.
We got off two stops later and headed for the nearest caf, a small place that was just about to start serving lunches. When Estelle returned from the bathroom she had a worried, almost sad look on her face, somewhat like she had earlier. I held her hands and asked her about it.
"I'm ok. I just get a bit deflated. It was always the same, even when I was modeling years ago. I always get so into it, maybe too much. I feel sexy and slutty and love showing off for the camera but then it just stops, there's no connection. When I'm with you, even if I just give you a blow job I know I'll end up in your arms, cuddling and feeling loved. Does that make sense?" It did and I smiled at her, my heart hurting for her and wanting to cuddle her now.
Estelle squeezed my hands, "But that's not what was worrying me when I was in the bathroom, I was worried about you."
"Me? Why?"
"Because I'm worried. How does it feel to watch your woman having her tits groped and then watch her enjoying giving a young fella a hand job?"
I tried to make light of it, smiling sillily and saying "Well, when you put it like that."
"No seriously we need to talk." Estelle gripped my hands even harder, the intensity of her stare making me swallow a lump in my throat "I never thought I'd meet someone that made me so happy. I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I want nothing to spoil that, I don't care if we never take another video or start the bloody site."
I actually felt nervous, the nerves making me want to say something silly again. I wasn't one for introspection but knew I had to answer her as honestly as I could.
"Estelle I love you. I love the way you make me feel. I love when we're together and just watching TV, I love it when you phone me up and tell me you've just washed your hair. I love all of it. But I also love that look in your eyes when you're about to do something naughty in front of the camera, your face lights up and you're where you want and need to be. I would never take that away from you.
I know what you mean about connections, when I'm behind the camera I disconnect. You're not Estelle my lover, my partner, you're Stella the horny cow who can't get enough. I wasn't jealous today, I wasn't even that turned on, I was just doing my job. Maybe when we come to edit it and I'm looking at it again, maybe then it'll bother me, I don't know."
We just sat there smiling and holding hands, only a waitress with the menus breaking the spell. The seriousness had gone and I could tell by Estelle's face that she had something saucy on her mind.
"The other thing I was thinking about in the bathroom was the mirror. It had the most gorgeous ornate mirror and it would be great for doing one of those bent over showing your ass selfies that everyone seems to have on their sites." I just smiled.
The food was lovely and the staff attentive, about but not in your face. We ended up staying for nearly two hours, which is a lot for lunch time but they didn't seem to mind, letting us alone as we sat chatting about all sorts. Estelle did visit the bathroom and take her selfies and she was right, the mirror was gorgeous.
We were actual proper tourists for the rest of the day, taking holiday snaps rather than porno snaps. The only exception to this was in the main square with a big fountain. I'd taken a few photos of her sitting on the steps and then asked a passing woman whether she'd take a photo of the two of us. I sat down with my arm around her and Estelle couldn't help herself, spreading her legs so everything would be on display. The woman obviously knew this was deliberate, smiling as she handed me back the phone.
The rest of the holiday was fairly sedate, mainly chilling out and enjoying the sun. We set aside one hour each day to film content, either photos or videos of Estelle spreading her legs and playing with her toys, she'd brought quite the selection with her.
One evening, over a few glasses of wine, we sat down to watch all the videos we'd shot, including the one on the bus, with the intention of editing them. We soon realized that it would be easier to edit them on the computer at home, but watched them anyway. I'm glad to say that I didn't get jealous and in fact we both had a good laugh looking at the shocked expressions of the two guys, something we hadn't really noticed before.
We'd gone to bed and were cuddled up and Estelle was gently playing with my dick, but I could tell her mind was somewhere else, "I want to film more videos like that, not necessarily on a bus, but something either risky or just plain filthy. I love posing and playing for the camera and I know it's for the site, but I'm already getting bored."
"I know what you mean, I feel the same, like we're just going through the motions. It was the same with Karen, that's why we now do a lot more outdoor shoots, to keep it interesting."
"It's even more than that with me, it's like I've an itch that needs to be scratched. I ignored it for years but now I want to scratch it more and more. Does that make sense?" I nodded, thinking I knew what she meant but not really sure.
"I'm not doing the site just to make money, although that will be nice, I'm doing it so I can act like a tart and a whore, but do it safely, knowing your there with me. I want to be fucked, I want to be pissed on, I want to gag on dick, I want to be suffocated by a big fat woman sitting on my face."
Wow. Estelle stopped talking, her hand had left my dick and was between her own legs, her eyes closed as she frigged herself furiously. I started pinching and pulling her nipples, heightening her sensations, twisting harder till she could take no more, her body almost convulsing as she finally released.
The emotion was nearly too much for the both of us. I held her as tight as I could, kissing the top of her head as I felt tears on my chest.
"I think we should go to the doctor, see if we can get some cream for that itch."
Estelle lifted her head and kissed me, a smile on her reddened, tear covered face. She repositioned herself, her leg thrown across me and her head on my shoulder. She was asleep within minutes, leaving me to lay and wonder where this was going.
I didn't sleep well and was first up the next morning, trying not to wake Estelle. I'd just put the coffee maker on when she joined me, naked and half asleep, a silly grin on her beautiful face. It was warm in the villa but she had those just awake goose pimples, a slight shudder as we kissed. My shirt was only thin but she pulled it around herself tightly as I put it on her.
"Would madam like eggs or a big sausage for breakfast?"
"Enough of the silly jokes. I'm sorry if I freaked you out last night."
"You didn't freak me out. Actually, it was incredibly erotic, especially when you started snoring and dribbling on my chest." She gave me daggers and I knew to get serious. "I know what you're like and what gets you going and I would never ever want to change that. This is a journey for the both of us and together it's going to be fucking brilliant." I'd had some of these words in my head already and was surprised how emotional I felt.
"I love you."
"And I love you." I was now naked and looked down at my semi hard-on, "Now what was it you were saying about wanting to gag on dick."
After breakfast we went for a long walk, holding hands for most of it and feeling very much in love. The site and what to shoot for it was still a bit of a cloud hanging over us and when we got back I decided that we had to be practical, sitting down with a pad and writing down some ideas.
I decided to be blunt, "We could film you having sex, getting fucked and, with the right people, I'm sure it would look brilliant, especially if you really got into it and had that spark that you sometimes have. But I still think it's a bit boring, like loads of other pages are doing it."
"Yeah, I think you're right, although it might be fun finding out." It was my turn to pull a face. "So what shall we do?"
"Well like you said last night, risky and extreme. How and what exactly, I don't know. We'll have to work on it and I think once we start then one thing will lead to another. I do have one idea."
Estelle looked at me, a little bit nervous but her eyebrow raised as if to say 'This could be interesting.'
"You know those magazines you showed me that you appeared in when you were young?" she nodded, "Well I'm sure they're out of circulation now and probably no one's bothering with media rights or copyright or anything like that. We could scan the pictures onto your site and then have you do the exact same poses again, a sort of now and then feature. We'd have to try and get the same or very similar toys, but I'm sure we could make it work."
Estelle looked excited but also a bit worried, "You know it wasn't just me in some of those magazines, there were other models as well." I nodded, "Well I only showed you the magazines with me and a girl, there's also ones of me and men."
"I guessed there might be. Do you have any videos, you know old VHS ones, we can digitalize them and put them on the site next to you doing the scenes again."
That cheeky grin that I loved crept across Estelle's face, "Careful what you wish for mister, in some of those videos it was me and three guys, do you think you can handle that?"
I shouldn't have been surprised or shocked, but I was. Trying to make light of it I said, "Only three?"
"Well, I only have three holes, any more would be a waste." Her face changed, as if reminiscing "God, I was wild in those days. I remember filming all day with two very well hung black guys, by the end of it they were worn out and I wanted to carry on." I somehow managed to laugh along with Estelle, more at the bizarre conversation and situation than at anything else.
"Where will we find the other actors? You better make sure they have plenty of stamina, ooh can you imagine me fucking three young studs."
"No not three young actors, we have to make it authentic. They'll have to be the same age as you, as if they were in the original videos."
Estelle laughed, "There's not enough blue pills in the world for them to get up to what I used to get up to." It was funny and this time I laughed for real.
However bizarre it all was, I loved seeing her so excited. I knew I'd be ok once I was behind the camera, but this was about Estelle being Estelle and not about her feelings for me. I'd have to keep telling myself that. In fact, I knew that once I got into shooting it I'd probably enjoy it as much as her and would push her to do things she wasn't expecting, all in the name of good pornography.
How did we get on? You'll have to read part 2 to find out.