This is the first of my stories about the adventures I've had with my hot, Spanish wife. This first chapter is about a wedding we attended, in Spain, soon after we'd started dating.
(Thank you to Oldnakeddad who edited the story.)
************
I've been seeing Sophia for three months. She's a Spanish beauty I'd met at a club in London. Sophia had originally moved to the UK, with her family, when she was only a girl. Her parents and sisters moved back to Spain a few years ago but Sofia decided to make the UK her permanent home and I, for one, am glad she did.
"I have to go to my cousin's wedding, in Spain, next month," Sophia tells me.
"Will you be my 'plus one'," she asks.
I don't hesitate one second as the thought of going on a vacation, with Sophia, is already something I've been trying to broach. The thought of seeing her on the beach, in a little string bikini, and watching the reactions she'll get from everyone there, really turns me on.
Getting leave isn't a problem as I'm a freelance consultant. So, as long as I get my work done before and after the trip, my clients will be happy.
"Yes! I'd love to be your 'plus one'," I say.
Then, the bad news.
"We have to stay with my uncle, and he's very old fashioned, so he may not let us sleep in the same bedroom, together. In fact, I know he won't! So it's not going to be one long fuck-fest as I know you'd like."
"So, why can't I simply book us into a hotel? As long as it's near your family, we'll be close enough to them to do all the stuff we have to and we'll have our own privacy, too. You know you're not going to be able to go a whole week without having my cock inside of you!"
"I don't think my family will be happy with that but I'll run it past my auntie to see if she can persuade my uncle that it's a good idea but don't raise you're hopes. We're a very traditional Spanish family and, even though we all do it, sex before marriage is still not accepted."
I have to say, I'm not happy about spending a week in Spain without being able to fuck her night and day.
************
The month passes very quickly and, before I know it, we're on a plane, flying down to sunny Spain. Sophia looks stunning as she sits next to me in our business class seats. She's her usual cool and calm self, taking everything in stride...nothing ever fazes her.
Sophia has a way of looking classy, yet, incredibly sexy. Not many girls can wear the type of clothes she wears and look as amazing as she does. She has the most beautiful body I've ever seen on a woman, and I've had a lot of women!
She looks as if she's walked off of the cover of a Spanish magazine. She has long, black hair, deep brown eyes and a beautiful olive skin colour. She's not particularly tall, at only five feet-five inches, but she has incredibly toned and slender legs, from going to the gym three times a week, that seem to go on forever. This is highlighted by the fact that she only wears miniskirts or dresses and high heels.
Her face is classically beautiful, whether she's recently woken up, with no make-up, or out for the evening, with full make-up, she always looks stunning. I have to pinch myself, every time I wake up next to her, to remind myself...this stunning beauty is mine!
It's not only her legs that make her body the best I've ever seen, it's the whole package. Her firm, rounded bubble butt, her flat, sexy stomach as well as her perky, 34C tits make her body sheer perfection.
I love the fact she's so confident with her tits. She often doesn't wear a bra, which can be dangerous as her nipples are incredibly sensitive and, with or without a bra, they look amazing.
Today, she's wearing a small, mint coloured, wrap-around summer dress with flowers on it. It's not skin tight, like most of her dresses, but it's made of quite clingy material which allows you to see, exactly, how stunning her body is. She's also wearing a bra which is squeezing and pushing her tits up into delicious cleavage.
************
"It's a gel bra. It actually makes my tits look almost twice as big."
I can't take my eyes off of them and neither can the steward serving us. I thought all stewards were gay but this one isn't! He's loving the view every time he tops up our Champagne.
She doesn't have any panties on though, which is somewhat of a risk, considering how short her dress is. When she's sitting down, it barely covers her pussy and, every now and again, she flashes me as a reminder she's going commando. I think our steward has also seen this so it's no surprise we're getting such good service on the flight.
What I love the most about this dress, and it appears many others do, too, is it allows you to see her beautiful ass in motion as she walks. She has a sexy wiggle that allows her ass and hips to move seductively from side to side. The material is so thin and clingy, it constantly gathers in the crack of her ass. It's a sight to behold!
She has no idea how incredibly sexy she is. She turns heads everywhere we go. Walking through the terminal building, you'd think she's a film star. I see so many guys getting a slap or a dig or a mouthful from their wives and girlfriends because they can't take their eyes off of her. It's actually very funny to see, and also a huge turn on, that everyone wants to fuck my girlfriend.
Once on dry land, again, she gets the same reaction at the other end. The bags seem to take forever so everyone gets a very good look, especially when she walks towards the bathroom. I'm so turned on, I want to follow her and fuck her in one of the cubicles but think better of it. I don't want to get arrested before we leave the airport.
There's a mass of bodies waiting on the other side of the frosted glass doors...friends and family members waiting for their loved ones. It's a little overwhelming, to be honest. I know Sophia's family is going to be waiting for us but I have no idea what they look like. Then, I see them, mainly all women...two older women, four younger women, two children and one tired-looking older guy.
I know it's them because they're all screaming Sophia's name and they all similarly look like her. This is going to be interesting! Back in London, Sophia stands out as an unusual beauty but, here, she's one of the crowd. Well, with-in her family, anyway.
I'm hurriedly introduced to her two sisters, her two cousins, her auntie, her mother, the[G1] children and, eventually, her poor uncle who is the only hen-pecked male amongst them. I'm being swamped with more kisses and hugs than I've ever received. Lots of very firm breasts push against me, which is, actually, very nice. It's one scenario I wish I could play out, again, in slow motion.
Her Uncle Luis helps me with the bags as the women all start walking ahead. It's a thing of beauty. Every one of them has a fantastic figure, including her auntie and mother. Ahead of us are seven gorgeous asses, all swaying from side to side. Sophia's ass stands out because of the colour of her dress but the other women are all wearing short dresses and heels, too. This has to be the sexiest family in the world! The Spanish equivalent to the Kardashians. This is going to be a great vacation.
Uncle Luis helps me sort out a hire car for us to use while we are here. I would've been happy with the price the girl quoted me but Luis is having none of it. After lots of raised voices, hand gestures and much to the delight of Uncle Luis, the price is practically halved. While I pay with my credit card, he's standing back and looking very pleased with himself.
The bags are all loaded into the cars, along with the beautiful passengers, and we set off in a convoy to Uncle Luis' house.
It's my first time driving on the other side of the road and driving from the other side of the car. Sophia told me to follow her uncle, which isn't easy as he drives like a Grand Prix driver. Driving is more difficult because Sophia's sister, Rosa, is sitting next to me in the passenger seat.
Rosa's dress seems to be shorter than Sophia's. It's black in colour, skin tight and strappy. It's obvious she's not wearing a bra as her nipples are practically forcing their way through the material of the dress.
I know she's wearing panties because the hem of her dress has ridden up so high, they're clearly visible. Although, she may as well not had them on, as they're made of black, see-through, mesh material. If she opens her legs wide enough, I'll be able to see her pussy. I'm thankful I can't, as I could crash the car.
Rosa is a beauty, like her sister. She has the same beautiful facial features and body, except her boobs are slightly smaller than Sophia's. What makes her stand out is, she's dyed her hair blonde and it's really quite striking.
Sophia is sitting in the back with her other sister, Anna, who's a few years older than Sophia. She has a fuller, rounder body than Sophia and Rosa but she's still beautifully formed. Her best assets are her rather large breasts. When it comes to tits, she's definitely at the front of the queue with her siblings.
She's the mother of the two children who were part of the welcoming party at the airport...thankfully, they're travelling with Uncle Luis. It's hard enough to concentrate on my driving, with these three beauties baring so much flesh, without two kids jumping around as well.
The drive takes us away from the coast and up into the Spanish hills surrounding the Malaga area. The terrain is dry, which is not surprising considering the constant sunshine they have during the summer months, but it's really quite beautiful.
After driving for no longer than ten to fifteen minutes, Uncle Luis pulls into a carpark in front of a rather imposing building, which looks like an old theatre house but is a hotel. I pull up alongside Luis' car and everyone starts to pile out.
Luis takes a couple of minutes to explain to Sophia, in Spanish, what's happening then she translates what he said to me. Apparently, there isn't enough space at the house for everyone to stay, so he's paid for us to stay in this hotel.
Luis is looking at my face, expectantly, whilst Sophia is explaining this to me. When I acknowledge the news, he winks at me with a massive grin on his face and makes the same hand gesture two guys exchange with each other when they're talking about having sex with a girl. This is, obviously, his idea so we can still have a sex life while we're here.
I'm very thankful for his kind gesture and profusely thank him. This is going to be much better than I'd hoped, although the hotel isn't one I would've chosen. It's more of a motel than a hotel but it's better than sleeping in a single bed 'without' Sophia.
We check into the hotel, get our keys and, after lots more kisses and cuddles, we wave the family off and head to our room. This time, I enjoyed the cuddles so much more as I was mentally prepared for them. Feeling Rosa's perky tits against me was nice but Anna's big boobs felt lovely against my chest. It was all I could do to stop myself from having a cheeky feel.
I'm appreciative that Sophia asked me to carry her bags to the room because I need something to hide the tent that has formed in my pants. I'm hoping Anna and Rosa didn't notice it when they pressed themselves against me.
The hotel is quite bizarre. The corridor, which looks like a long balcony to the rooms, is on the outside of the hotel. As we start to pass the rooms, it's obvious we aren't going to get a great deal of privacy as the only door and window to the room looks out onto the balcony corridor. On the plus side, my mind starts to think of all sorts of filthy thoughts!
As if Sophia read my mind, she nods towards me and then towards the window to our right. The curtains are wide open and a young, naked couple is laying on the bed. They seem to be oblivious to anyone walking past as they're too engrossed in their own sexual exploration.
************
It's hard not to stop and stare! Sophia appears to be as keen to watch the show as I am and we find ourselves staring through the window, as if we're watching a scene on TV, as this sexy couple makes love, oblivious to their audience.
She's lying on her, slightly arched, back with her legs wide open and he's laying between her legs, eagerly licking her shaven pussy. Her eyes are closed and her mouth is open. If her moans of pleasure are anything to go by, he's clearly doing a great job of eating her out.
I can see her body responding to his actions and changes of techniques with his mouth. Her large, firm tits are heaving up and down and she's, obviously, been wearing a bikini top while sunbathing as the white triangles highlight her areolas and large brown nipples, which are deliciously erect. I can tell she likes her tits, too, because she fondles and squeezes them, every now and again.
************
Watching them have sex is making me feel so horny, I'm feeling my hard cock through my pants. Sophia sees me, I feel her hand on mine, I look up and she's staring straight into my eyes. Sophia gestures for us to go but there's more meaning in her gesture. She's horny, too! She wants to fuck and so do I!
We leave them to their love making and make our way to our room which is, by chance, next door to the young couple. The only light in the room is from the sunlight coming through the open door so Sophia opens the curtains to allow more light in.
This is not the sort of hotel I would've booked. The room is too small and way too dark but Uncle Luis has paid for it and we're far too horny to consider looking for anything else...right now.
Our bed is against the wall adjoining the room we'd been looking into. It's so very thin, we can hear the couple next door. She's making more and more noise as she gets closer to her climax. Before I can concentrate any further on her moans of pleasure, I feel Sophia pulling at the zipper on my trousers. She's already undone the button and it's only seconds before my cock is in her mouth.
I love this about her. She loves sucking my cock and she's amazing at it! I've never had anyone suck my cock quite like Sophia does. She's obviously watched a lot of films, before we met, or she has a secret past in the porn industry. Either way, I don't care. The feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her pretty mouth is incredible!
My Sophia is a mind reader. I desperately want to see more of her body and without a word from me and without losing the rhythm of her head bobbing on my cock, she unties the bows on the sides of her dress, slides it off of her shoulders and lets it fall to the floor.
I reach down to grab her tits, which are still trussed up in her push up bra. She loves having her tits played with in any sexual situation and, besides, what guy on earth wouldn't want to play with these gorgeous tits? The bra has to come off and all of those years of adolescent practice with one hand comes in handy. Her bra is off, her tits are free...she's naked, except for her heels, and she's on her knees and sucking my cock as if her life depends on it.
My balls start to tighten as I realise, too late, that I'm going to cum and Sophia realises it, too, from my breathing and moans. This is the other thing I've loved about her from day one...she loves cum, either being spurted on her or unloaded inside of her, especially if it's in her mouth! My cock slips out of her mouth as she pulls her head back and looks into my eyes.
"Cum in my mouth! Let me have it!" she says to me.
With that, she opens her mouth, waiting for me to stroke my cock and spurt a load into it. Who am I to deny her? I grab my cock and start pumping. In seconds, I explode into Sophia's open mouth, spurting my cum onto her tongue and into her throat. She doesn't close her mouth until after I squeeze the last drops out of my cock and onto her tongue. Then she swallows, before sucking on my cock, again, to make sure she has every last drop.
************
I'm slightly annoyed with myself for cumming so quickly and not fucking Sophia. There's nothing quite like being balls deep inside her warm, tight pussy. That moment will come very soon but it's Sophia's turn.
As I help her onto the bed, I realise, not only are our curtains open but the door is, too. I'm about to close it when a thought crosses my mind. Did someone see Sophia sucking my cock? Did someone watch us, as we'd watched our neighbours?
The thought is highly arousing. I don't want to close the door. In fact, I want someone to see us, I want someone to see Sophia naked. The thought of someone being turned on by us having sex or watching Sophia is such a turn on for me but how will Sophia react? I'd better not say anything, simply get on with eating her delicious pussy and hope she doesn't notice the open door.
Sophia is already lying on her back, her head propped up on the pillows, her legs spread wide and she still has her heels on. Her beautiful is pussy open and exposed, her tiny Brazilian landing strip of pubic hair acting almost as an indicator as to where the goodies are.
************
I remember asking about her landing strip the first time I saw her naked.
"Why do you bother having it? There's hardly anything there. Why don't you shave it all off?"
"I'd feel naked without anything there."
Her explanation is so funny because she has absolutely no issues with being naked.
************
She's already started without me. She has the fingers of her left hand spreading her pussy lips while a finger from her right hand is strumming away at her exposed clit. I love to watch her masturbate. She's so highly sexed, she has to do it four or five times a day and who am I to stop her.
"This looks like a photo opportunity if there ever was one! Do you mind if I watch and take some pictures for a while?"
Sophia seems happy with that. She's always quicker at getting herself off than I am and I have a feeling she won't be settling for one orgasm. The girl in the next room is on her second and Sophia is playing catch up.
"Go ahead but I want to see them, later!"
I quickly get my new digital camera I brought along, especially for this trip, from my bag. Digital cameras haven't been out too long but their timing couldn't have been better. I have a super horny girlfriend who actually enjoys posing for me and I don't have to take them to some dodgy place to get them developed.
I start snapping away, getting pictures of Sophia from all different angles. I want to capture how stunningly beautiful she looks when she's playing with herself and to see her gorgeous face etched with the delight of sexual stimulation.
It isn't long before Sophia is in the throes of her first, and always the most powerful, orgasm. I'm shocked at how loud she is the first time I made her cum. The girl next door will know she has competition any second, now.
Now, it hits her, vibrating throughout her whole body, her legs slam shut and she rides her hand for a minute or so until the orgasm subsides. She has the smile of satisfaction. I love that smile. You can't fake that!
"You want some more, Baby?'' I ask.
"Yes, I need more but I need cock. Can you fuck me?' she says in a faint whisper.
"Give me a few more minutes, Baby, and I will. Can I get you a toy to play with, for now?"
"Hm. Yes, please. Can I have my black one?"
Her black vibrator is her favourite. It's about eight inches in length, which is an inch more than I have, and is as wide as my cock. She loves it because it's the shape of a cock and it vibrates so she can fuck herself with it and use it to get herself off.
It takes me a minute or two to find it but Sophia is patiently waiting. Her legs are spread wide open, she takes it from me, switches it on and inserts it into her hungry pussy. Sophia is fucking herself good and hard with her big, black toy. Now, this is a sight to behold! I'm praying for someone to walk past and, incredibly, someone does!
I see an older guy, as he stops in his tracks at the door, in the mirror to the right of the bed and I don't think he can quite believe his eyes. He must've come from one of the rooms further down the corridor as he would've had to walk past ours to get to the exit or reception.
Instinctively, I turn my head towards him and catch his eye. He's embarrassed, because I've caught him watching Sophia fucking herself, and quickly moves past our window. I'm annoyed at myself for letting him know I'd seen him because I wanted him to see more. Maybe he will but not now.
Sophia has turned over and is almost on all fours, except her head and shoulders are resting on the bed, and only her ass is up in the air. The toy is still inside of her but she's using her other hand to bring herself off, again.
There's one other thing I know will send her into orgasmic heaven when she's in this position...licking her asshole! She claims I'm the first guy to ever rim her ass, which I find baffling as it's the most perfectly edible ass you'll ever see.
I manage to hold off long enough to get fifteen to twenty more pictures of her in this position, making sure I get some close ups of her open pussy and ass before she feels my tongue exploring her open asshole.
Her response is immediate. Her moans suddenly get louder and the porn star talk starts. This is filthy Sophia. She does this when she's either about to cum or she wants me to cum.
"Oh, god, yes! Just like that, Baby! Make me cum, Baby! Eat me! Fuck my ass with your tongue!"
Her body starts to shake as she cums hard. With a toy in her pussy, her fingers on her clit and my tongue in her ass, she always comes hard and, normally, squirts. This time is no exception as she practically soaks the bed with her cum.
"Don't you dare move! Stay in this position!"
My cock is so hard, again, and I'm ready to fuck her. I love fucking her from behind and this is the absolute perfect position for me because I'm able to stand at the edge of the bed and pull her towards my waiting cock.
I stay still as she slowly eases herself, rearward, onto me. She's amazing at this. She has this way of fucking me while I stay still and she rocks herself on my cock. With the camera still in my hand, it's an opportunity not to be missed. I start filming us fucking and zoom in on my cock sliding in and out of her lovely, tight pussy, which is absolutely soaking wet.
I'm so engrossed in fucking Sophia, I don't notice, right away, our older neighbour come back. He's watching from the edge of the door, hidden from direct view of the direction I was facing but clearly in view of our mirror.
The bulge, and his hand stroking his cock, in his shorts is a clear indication he's enjoying the show. He keeps looking down the corridor to make sure no one sees him wanking or watching us.
At this point, I want him to hear what Sophia sounds like when she gets a really good pounding. I put the camera down so I can hold on to her hips as I fuck her wanting pussy, hard.
Sophia is screaming for me to fuck her harder. She's loving it and so is our voyeur. His hand is furiously pumping away at his very well endowed cock, which is, now, out of his shorts. I know Sophia would absolutely love to feel his big cock inside of her and that thought sends me over the edge.
In my mind, I imagine allowing the stranger in to fuck Sophia. My fantasy thought is to wave him in, pull out of her, let him guide his cock into her and carry on fucking her. Would she know? Would she mind? Would she love it or hate it? All of these thoughts are going through my head and the next thing I know, I'm grunting as I'm about to cum.
I pull my cock out and begin to pump it with my hand, spurting cum all over Sophia's back and her delicious ass. I'm surprised at how much cum there is, considering I'd cum only half an hour earlier.
I'm not the only one. The sight of my cum shooting over Sophia is obviously too much for our elderly neighbour as he shoots his load into his spare hand. He then tucks his large cock back into his shorts and runs off. As Sophia gets up and heads towards the shower to clean up, she notices the open door.
"The door is wide open! Has it been open the whole time?"
"Yes, Babe, but who cares?"
"Someone might have seen us fucking!"
"What if they did? Do you care?"
"Not really! As long as it wasn't one of my family!" she says and laughs.
Should I tell her we did have an audience or wait for another opportunity? I decide to leave it and chat to her about it later but one thing I do know, I want to do it again! I want to expose Sophia to another stranger and let him wank over her!
Little was I to know, it wouldn't be long before it would happen, again!