The day of Lauren's trial came all too soon. We had met not only with Dr. Taylor, but with the attorney recommended by Chief Polanko as well. Lauren had fulfilled her obligation to him, so now we hoped his end of the deal would go through as planned.
My gorgeous wife was professionally dressed in a white blouse and black skirt, along with her favorite pair of black heels. I'll have to admit that she looked hot as hell, even with her clothes on.
"Are you ready?" I inquired.
Lauren nodded.
"Yes Sir." she replied. "As ready as I'll ever be, I guess."
We arrived at the courthouse at 10:00 AM as instructed, and found the proper courtroom. Clyde and Ryder had accompanied us for posterity's sake, as there were no camera blackouts for these types of cases. I opened the door to enter, and was stunned to see the courtroom packed with people; nearly to capacity.
"Oh my God!" Lauren gasped. "Look at all the people!"
"Something tells me Kitty made some calls." I said dryly. "Probably hoping for a peep show of some kind. Maybe they think you'll be asked to dress the way you were when the chief caught up with us at the airport."
"But I was nude." Lauren replied.
"Exactly." I said with a smile.
We entered the courtroom and made our way to the front. Clyde and Ryder found a place near the rear and set their cameras up from either side. Lauren and I found her attorney and sat down; Lauren next to him, and me directly behind them in the front row. To my surprise, both Chief Polanko and Sue Taylor were there as well.
"Hi Jack!" Sue greeted me as I sat down. "This is the big day."
"I know. I'm nervous as hell." I responded. "I sure hope she doesn't go to jail."
"Don't worry, Jack." Chief Polanko reassured me. "This whole thing is a dog and pony show. Everything should be okay. It just needs to be done publicly and legally to make a point."
"Sure looks public alright!" I observed as I looked around. "All the news channels are here and it looks like a ton of reporters are too."
"All rise!" A voice bellowed.
We all stood as Judge Bob Whitestone entered the court. Lauren had waived her right to a jury trial at the suggestion of her attorney, so everything was to be presented to the judge for a ruling at his sole discretion.
"Be seated!"
The room was silent, as the judge reviewed his paperwork briefly.
"US vs Lauren Amy Newell." Judge Whitestone began. "Ms. Newell, you are charged with indecent exposure, as well as public lewdness. How do you plead?"
"My client pleads 'not guilty,' Your Honor." her attorney responded.
"Very well." the judge continued. "Is the Prosecution prepared to make a case?"
"We are, Your Honor," an attractive-looking redhead replied.
"Very well. Present your case to this court."
"On June 2 of this year, Lauren Amy Newell was observed walking nude through the parking lot of the airport by the Airport Chief of Police, William Polanko, accompanied by her husband, infant son and two documentiers."
"Documentiers?"
"Ms. Newell and her husband have a porno reality show online." the prosecutor explained. "There is a camera crew with them all the time, documenting their sexual adventures. It seems to be quite popular on the Internet."
"I see." Judge Whitestone mused. "I might have to look that up while I'm deliberating my decision. I must have all the facts, you know."
The prosecutor, whose name turned out to be Cassandra, continued her opening statement for several minutes before calling her first witness, Chief Polanko, to the stand. He recounted the events the way they went down, except for the part about Lauren initially putting her clothes back on, prior to hatching our plot and her request to have her tits squeezed. The audience was listening spellbound to every word, as he recounted both of her orgasms in the terminal in every sordid detail.
When it was Lauren's attorney's turn to question the chief, he kept it short and simple.
"Chief Polanko, did my client ever advise you that she might have an accidental or spontaneous orgasm if you escorted her through the terminal in a humiliating way?"
"Yes she did."
"And yet you handcuffed her hands behind her back, so that her breasts and vagina were clearly exposed to everyone in that terminal, is that correct?"
"Yes it is."
"Why?"
"I didn't believe her." Chief Polanko explained.
"Why not?"
"Because I had never heard of a spontaneous orgasm before."
"Do you believe her now?"
The chief nodded.
"Yes. Yes I do!"
"No further questions."
The defense attorney returned to the table and turned back toward the judge.
"Your Honor, we have a description of the defendant's attire during the incident. What we don't have, is an actual picture of what she was really doing. Therefor, I request the Court to instruct my client to wear exactly what she was wearing during the time of her arrest, so that we can all get a better idea of how everything went down."
Not saying that I had discussed this angle with the attorney prior to the court date or anything, but the judge pondered this brilliant suggestion for a minute before replying.
"They say a picture is worth a thousand words." he finally responded. "Does the Prosecution have any objections?"
"No, Your Honor." Cassandra replied. "We see no reason why the defendant can't be dressed exactly the same way she was during the entire incident."
"Very well. Ms. Newell, you will approach the bench."
Lauren glanced at me, and I gave her a broad smile. She smiled back, before standing and approaching the judge.
"Ms. Newell," Judge Whitestone stated sternly, "the Court has determined that you are to wear exactly what you were wearing at the time of your arrest and subsequent 'experiences' thereafter; effective immediately."
Lauren nodded and began unbuttoning her blouse. A slight, collective gasp went up from the audience, as they realized she was going to strip naked in front of them. Lauren finished unbuttoning her blouse and pulled the tails from her skirt. She shirked her top and placed it on the bench in front of the judge. Next, she reached behind her back and unfastened her lacy white bra, pulling it from her chest and depositing it next to her blouse, leaving her topless in front of the judge.
"Keep going." he instructed.
Lauren nodded, and continued removing her clothes. When she was undressed and completely nude, she spoke.
"This is exactly what I was wearing when the incident occurred." she explained.
"Very well then. Turn and face the Court, so that everyone in attendance can see what you were wearing that day."
Lauren slowly turned and faced the entire courtroom, devoid of all of her clothes. This time, the collective gasp was almost deafening. Everyone was staring at her unclothed body in both fascination and lust. Damn right, that was my wife they were all ogling!
"Ms. Newell, you may be seated." Judge Whitestone said huskily, before clearing his throat and regaining his composure. "Are both sides satisfied as to the clothing the defendant was not wearing during the incident?"
"We are!"
"As am I." the judge muttered as Lauren sat back down. "Let's continue then, shall we?"
"I'd like to call my next witness, Dr. Sue Taylor, to the stand." Cassandra stated.
Sue was sworn in and seated, and the prosecutor began questioning her.
"Did Ms. Newell discuss the incident with you?"
"Objection!"
"Sustained."
"Re-direct, Your Honor." Cassandra stated. "Does Ms. Newell seem to have an unusual affinity for being nude, particularly in public?"
"Well yes," Sue replied, "but I wouldn't call it unusual. I see all of my patients in the nude. I enjoy being nude myself, and walking around my office building without any clothes on. We were all born naked, so wanting to live a clothes-free lifestyle isn't that hard to understand. I would quite enjoy being nude in public myself, if I could."
"I see." Cassandra noted. "Would you say that Ms. Newell has an unusually high level of sexual energy? In other words, is sex a priority with her?"
"Not sex per se," Sue responded carefully, "but rather an insatiable desire to experience orgasms. In fact, she had multiple orgasms in my office. We both did. It was wonderful. Don't you like having orgasms, Counselor?"
Cassandra blushed noticeably.
"Um,uh... did Ms. Newell claim to have spontaneous orgasms and if so, is that even possible?"
"Oh it's entirely possible. In fact, all the orgasms she experienced in my office were spontaneous. She couldn't stop them once they began either. She began drip lactating, which induced the first orgasm. That triggered her mammary glands to auto-lactate, which in turn induced even more orgasms. The cycle didn't end until her breasts were empty. It's nothing she can willingly stop or even control once it begins."
"I see. No further questions."
"Dr. Taylor," Lauren's attorney, whose name I now knew was Chris, began, "do you know what triggered my client's spontaneous orgasms in your office?"
"Yes." Sue replied nonchalantly. "Her husband and I had sex in front of her. It really turned her on. Her nipples started to drip and the next thing I knew she was squirting from both ends, if you know what I mean."
"Umm, I'm not, actually." Chris responded coyly. Would you care to elaborate?"
"Of course." Sue answered. "Her nipples were spraying milk like Elsie the Cow, and her vagina was squirting female ejaculate and urine. It was quite messy, but extremely erotic at the same time. It got me so hot that I came too, just as Jack shot his-"
"That's enough detail." Judge Whitestone interrupted. "I think we all get the point."
"Sorry, Your Honor." Sue apologized. "The main thing is that Lauren is not in any way, in my professional opinion, mentally incapacitated. She simply loves being nude; particularly in public, and she loves the sensation of having orgasms."
"Do you think she intended to engage in any sort of lewd or lascivious behavior on the day this incident occurred?" Chris inquired.
"No Sir, I do not. I believe that a series of circumstances that were beyond her control led up to the entire incident. I do not believe she intended for any of this to happen, particularly in front of such a large audience."
"Thank you, Dr. Taylor. No further questions, Your Honor." Chris concluded.
"Dr. Taylor, you may step down." Judge Whitestone stated. Does the Prosecution have any additional witnesses she wishes to call to the stand?"
"Yes, Your Honor." Cassandra answered emphatically. "I wish to call Lauren Newell to the stand to answer some questions for me."
"Very well. Ms. Newell, be sworn in and take the stand."
Lauren nodded, placed her hand on the Bible, and sat in the witness chair. All eyes were glued to her chest, as she had her legs crossed in a most professional manner; effectively blocking the view of her lovely cunt and clit ring. This left nothing really naughty to stare at, except her soft, bratwurst-like boobs. She looked very prim and proper; legs crossed and back straight, despite the fact she was totally nude in front of a packed courtroom. She also looked very comfortable and completely at ease, without any clothes on.
"Ms. Newell- may I call you Lauren?" Cassandra inquired.
"Of course." she replied.
"Lauren, is it true that you used to work for your husband?"
"Sort of." Lauren answered. "He was my manager at Nordic before we got married."
"I see. And is it true that he had you arrive at work and perform your job in the nude?"
"Not completely." my wife responded. "I was allowed to wear a pair high heels, cocktail gloves and a tiara."
There were a few snickers at her remark.
"But aside from that, you were nude?"
"Yes."
"And did you enjoy it? Working in the nude; being nude around so many people all the time?"
"Not at first." Lauren admitted. "I was mortified, but I slowly got used to it to the point where I really started to like it. A lot."
"Did it turn you on then, when you started to like it a lot? Did it get you sexually excited to walk around completely nude in front of all of those people, showing off your unclothed body?"
Lauren nodded.
"Yes, it turned me on."
"Did you ever have an orgasm in front of your coworkers?"
"Objection!" Chris protested. "What does this have to do with anything?"
"Your Honor, I am establishing a pattern. If the defendant exhibited similar behavior earlier, then it is relevant to this case."
"I'll allow, but keep it brief."
"I repeat, Lauren, did you ever have an orgasm in front of your coworkers?"
"Yes I did." my wife acknowledged. "Many times, through electric stimulation of my clitoris and by riding a Sybian."
"And did you enjoy it? Did you enjoy having an orgasm in front of so many people? Did it fulfill your lustful desires?"
"Objection!"
"Sustained! Counselor, you are this close to being in over your head."
"My intention was to stimulate her right here, to the point where she was on the day in question." Cassandra explained. "With Your Honor's permission, I would like Ms. Newell to stand in front of this court completely nude, looking at everyone in this courtroom staring at her, and see if she has one of these so-called 'spontaneous orgasms' of hers. Personally, I think it's all contrived."
Judge Whitestone looked at Lauren.
"Do you have an issue with that?" he queried.
"No Sir." she replied. "I'm pretty turned on already, so if she wants to make me have an orgasm in front of all of these people, I'm certainly up to the task."
"Then please walk to the center of this court and face the audience, while the Prosecutor continues her line of questioning."
Lauren nodded and stood. She walked confidently to her position, and looked out over the crowd of observers; reporters from the Press and media, and a few casual attendees. She appeared quite calm and collected, but inside I knew she was loving every minute of this public humiliation and savoring every moment.
"Lauren, would you please tell me what it's like to be nude in front of so many people?" Cassandra asked politely.
Lauren smiled and nodded.
"It's wonderful!" she exclaimed. "I feel so free. Clothes make me feel uncomfortable. Right now, I just feel so uninhibited."
"Do you feel anything else? Arousal maybe? Is this situation turning you on?"
"Mmm, yes." my whore of a wife said dreamily. "My nipples are starting to get all tingly. I love it! Just remember, you asked for this!"
"What does that mean, 'tingly,' and that I asked for this?"
At that moment, a drop of milk appeared first on the tip of her right nipple and then on her left. Her already-pudgy nipples were swelling visibly; thickening and elongating, and I knew it was going to be a terrific show.
"Uh-oh." I whispered in Chris' ear as I leaned forward. "Here it comes. That lawyer has no idea what is about to happen."
The drops of milk began to quicken, and Lauren sucked her breath in sharply. Her nostrils flared and her eyes widened as a wonderful feeling began to envelop her entire torso, from her swollen nipples to her vagina and asshole.
"Oh God!" Lauren gasped, as she began wandering around in circles. "It's starting to happen! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum right here in front of all of you. All of you perverts that showed up to see me nude and hope I'd cum, you're going to get your wish, so enjoy the show. Oh fuuuuck- here it comes!"
Everyone's eyes were focused on my wife, so I glanced at the judge. His gaze was also directed at her, and I could see his right shoulder moving almost imperceptibly, as he covertly jerked off behind his desk. Hell, I couldn't blame the guy. It was hot as hell to watch her like this, especially for someone witnessing it for the first time. I just hoped it was all going to lend a favorable judgment from him if he came to the sight of my gorgeous freak of a wife.
Lauren paused for a moment, as the rapidly-dripping drops suddenly erupted into twin fountains of milk that jetted in multiple streams from her freaky sausage-like tits. She staggered around, moaning in pleasure at the wonderful sensation building within her shapely and well muscled thighs.
"Here it comes!" she burst out. "I'm going to cum in front of all of you! It feels so good! Oh my god, it just feels so fucking good! Ohhh, watch me squirt, everyone! Oh my fucking Gawd, watch me squirt my cum!"
Lauren's legs gave out and she dropped to her knees, as a jet of silvery liquid shot from her cunt. She flung her arms to each side with her palms turned up and tipped her head back, as jets of liquid shot from both her pudgy nipples and cunt. Lauren howled with pleasure, as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure coursed through her body, as she climaxed time after time after time.
Judge Whitestone's mouth opened slightly, and I knew he was ejaculating all over the underside of his desk. Lauren fell forward and dropped to her hands and knees; her soft, saggy titties still squirting all over the floor as they dangled beneath her chest. She was wailing at the top of her lungs like a banshee, and the entire courtroom stared at her in stunned silence. Only the sound of her screams of pleasure could heard.
Finally, her cries began to lessen, and her squirting diminished. Lauren was left on all fours, panting like a sled dog, as she slowly regained her senses. The female bailiff approached my wife and helped her to her feet.
"Are you okay, Sweetie?" she asked in a concerned tome of voice.
Lauren nodded and gulped for air.
"I will be in a minute." she gasped. "Thank you."
Cassandra stared in disbelief at the sight before her eyes. Never in all of her years as a prosecutor had she ever witnessed anything close to this.
"No further questions, Your Honor."