After discovering how quickly Kerry and I fell for each other, Tammy began arranging for the three of us to spend our weekends together. She would pick us up at our respective apartments on Friday afternoon and drive all three of us to her home in the suburbs. We were together from Friday afternoon until Sunday evening. Being dropped off at my tiny apartment at the end of the weekend was always a very emotional event. I hated being dropped off, knowing I'd be all alone until Tammy arrived to take me away at the end of the week.
One Saturday not too long ago, Tammy needed to make a few phone calls for her work and excused herself to her home office. Kerry and I decided to spend our time in her swimming pool which was just outside of her office window. Tammy had bought each of us a one-piece girl's swimsuit. While mine was white with pink polka-dots, Kerry's was pink with white polka-dots. Our little penis's were perfectly stiff and pressing against the fronts of our suits before we even stepped outside. We jumped in the pool and began splashing and playing with each other. Neither of us was the fighting or wrestling type of boy, but we did wind up laughing and giggling while we fought to remove the other's suit.
Once we'd both been stripped naked, we climbed out of the pool to catch our breath and relax on lounge chairs. The chairs were close enough that we could hold hands, which was something we both loved to do very much. There was something about holding his hand that made me feel special and Kerry told me he felt the same way too. Our little penis's were still very stiff and neither of us could keep our eyes off of the other for very long.
That's how Tammy found us when she stepped outside. We were naked, laying on lounge chairs, holding hands and obviously very aroused. Kerry and I giggled and squirmed while her eyes slowly wandered over our skinny, petite bodies.
Tammy stood nearby wearing a light blue summer dress that couldn't help but emphasize her wide hips and giant chest. Her long blonde hair was wound up in a messy bun, which looked amazing. And of course, her bright red lipstick and jet black mascara were both applied heavily. She spoke with a grin on her face, "You two are making it impossible for me to get any work done. I love seeing you like this, you're both so cute!" She walked to the edge of the pool and sat down at a chair beside a table with a large umbrella for shade. "Seeing you like this makes me feel like the female version of Hugh Heffner at the Playboy mansion. I'm surrounded by the cutest boys in the world!"
Kerry and I both sat up on our lounge chairs. We had huge smiles on our faces. I know we both loved hearing Tammy say things like that. Neither of us was used to hearing compliments about our bodies. We both stood less than 5'5" and neither of us weighed more than 120lbs. We both had baby-faces with button-noses. We simply weren't the sort of boys who attracted the attention of the opposite sex. But that changed the moment we met Tammy. And the more time we spent with her, the more we came to believe we truly were desirable.
Tammy sat in the shade of the umbrella and asked, "Would you two like to play a game?"
Kerry and I both giggled, "Yes!"
Tammy went on to explain, "Alright, this game will be called, 'Tammy Says'. It's going to be simple. I'll tell you to do something and you must do it."
Kerry and I both rose up off the lounge chairs we'd been sitting on. We held hands while moving closer to Tammy. When we stood just a few feet away from her, Kerry looked at me then back to Tammy. In his soft, gentle voice he said, "It sounds like a lot of fun. We're ready to play, Tammy."
She smiled and said, "Tammy Says, touch the tips of your penis's together!"
Kerry and I giggled while turning to face each other. We both aimed our stiff little penis's at the others until the tips of them touched together. We stood naked in Tammy's backyard bumping and rubbing the squishy, pink heads or our very stiff penis's together. The longer we did, the more our penis's began to leak. And very soon, both of them were glistening with our arousal.
In a deeper than normal voice, "Tammy Says, hug and kiss each other until I tell you to stop."
We let go of our penis's and wrapped our arms around each other. Our lips touched and slowly parted. Our tongues met and began sliding against each other. My head was tilted to one side and Kerry's was tilted to the other. I cracked my eyes open a few times and found Kerry's eyes were always closed. My hands were sliding over Kerry's naked back and sides, while he did the same to me. Our stiff penis's were throbbing and sliding beside each other.
Tammy's voice sounded even deeper, "Tammy Says, keep holding each other close, but stop kissing."
Our tongues slid back into our own mouths and our lips closed. But we held each other so close our noses and lips were still touching, not to mention the rest of our bodies. We couldn't stop grinding our hips together and sliding our penis's between us.
"Tammy Says, Kerry, tell Peyton how you feel about him"
He didn't pull away at all. His lips brushed against mine while he said loud enough for Tammy to hear, "I love you very much, Peyton."
We each had one hand on the other's lower back and the other behind their neck. Our penis's were throbbing and sliding against the others.
"Tammy Says, Peyton, it's your turn. Tell Kerry how you feel about him."
My tongue quickly slipped out and licked his lips before I said, "I love you very much too Kerry."
Her voice was that same deep tone that Kerry and I knew meant Tammy was enjoying herself, "Tammy Says, on a scale of one to ten, tell me how horny you both are."
We were still standing so close that our lips brushed together. Our penis's were sliding beside each other and both of our breathing was raspy. At the exact same moment, we both moaned, "Eleven!"
While sitting in her chair nearby, Tammy moaned, "You boys are absolutely precious." She paused to watch the two of us hold each other. Our bodies were glistening in the sunshine and we were both extremely horny. After watching her two boys writhe against each other on the verge of ecstasy for a time, she groaned, "Tammy Says, kiss each other like the lovers you are."
Kerry and I moaned into each other's mouths as we began to kiss. Our tongues slid together and the wet sucking sounds of our kissing was unmistakable. Our hands caressed each other and our bodies ground together shamelessly, poolside, in Tammy's backyard.
Over the passionate sounds of our kissing, we heard Tammy state, "Tammy Says, I'm timing you two. I want you to keep kissing for five full minutes."
We stood there holding each other and kissing for 300 hundred seconds. I could feel Kerry's penis throbbing against me and I'm sure he could feel mine throbbing too. My hands and fingers touched and caressed every part of his body I could reach and he did the same to me. And the entire time, Tammy sat close by watching us and occasionally sharing a thought.
"You boys are perfectly adorable."
"Finding you two has made me the luckiest and happiest woman in the world."
"I've always dreamed of finding a petite, younger boy to love. But never in my wildest dreams did I imagine having two of you to love."
"My skinny, obedient boys with your teeny tiny penis's. God, I love you both so much!"
When Tammy did tell us the five minutes were up, Kerry and I remained in a tight embrace while catching our breath from that passionate kiss. Our lips brushed together and we could feel the other's warm breath on our skin.
In that same deep voice, "Tammy Says, say 'I love you' to each other."
Holding each other while our bodies writhed against one another. Our noses were touching and our lips brushed together when we both whispered those three magic words, "I love you."
"Tammy Says, turn and face me."
For the first time since the game began, Kerry and I let go of each other and turned to face Tammy. We still held hands, but our bodies were no longer touching. Our skin was flushed with arousal and our penis's were glistening with our own and the other's juices. Neither of us could stand still, we were so horny. We ground our hips and did naughty dances waiting for the next instruction to come from Tammy.
She had scooted her big bottom toward the edge of the chair and had one hand under her dress and inside of her panties. Kerry and I were both mesmerized watching her fingers pleasure herself beneath her big panties. She sat there watching the two of us throbbing and holding hands before her.
After several moments, she moaned, "Tammy Says, Peyton, get on your hands and knees in the grass over there." Motioning to an area off to the side of where she sat.
Glancing at Kerry, I bit my lower lip before letting go of his hand and tiptoeing into the grass. I quickly got down on my hands and knees. While I waited to learn what else she had planned, I wiggled my bottom from side to side.
A smile spread across Tammy's face at the same time her hand began moving at a quicker pace in panties. She looked at Kerry and said, "Tammy Says, Kerry, kneel behind Peyton and lay your hands on his hips."
A shiver shot through my body when I heard those words. And I'm sure a similar shiver shot through Kerry's body as well. We looked at each other and then to Tammy. She raised an eyebrow and nodded her head. We'd heard what she'd said and knew what she wanted us to do.
Kerry tiptoed around behind me and knelt in the grass. We were both facing Tammy. And when Kerry laid his hands on my hips, he was careful to keep his very stiff penis well-away from my body. We both remained very still waiting for our next instruction. I can't be sure if I was even breathing. Kerry and I had played with each other with our hands and mouths. But my bottom wasn't something I'd planned on sharing with him that day. But if I was totally honest, I had thought about it when I was alone in bed at night.
Tammy withdrew her hand from her panties, stood up and moved her chair to the edge of the cement, right in front of me. Before she sat back down, she reached under her dress and slid her moist panties down her legs and off. Hiking her dress up her thick thighs and over her wide hips, she sat back down leaving her legs spread wide. Her plump lips were swollen and her fat clit was poking out for us to see. Tammy reached down and began drawing circles around her thimble-sized clit with her fingertip.
She looked from my eyes to Kerry's and back again. "Tammy Says, Boys, crawl closer to me."
I didn't look back at Kerry or say a word. But as I began to crawl toward Tammy, Kerry moved in time with my motions. We moved as if we were a single person. Kerry's hands never left my hips. He was always right behind me. Tammy spread her thighs even wider as we approached. She wagged her finger at me until I was so close I could feel the humidity of her arousal radiating from her pussy and smell her musky sex.
Tammy reached down and ran her fingers through my hair and gently pulled my face against her enormous pussy. The insides of her thighs were glistening with her juices and moistened my cheeks as I slid between them. Her chubby lips were engorged and peeled open like a flower. Her firm clit protruded from between the tops of her lips. But I only had a moment to admire her beauty, because as soon as my tongue made contact and I tasted her, she pulled me firmly against her sex and her bushy, blonde pubic hair became a forest I had to peek through.
Laying her hands back on my head, she held me firmly in place and uttered, "Tammy Says, Kerry, slide your little penis between Peyton's cheeks. But you are not to slide inside of him."
Although I still felt his hands on my hips, Kerry didn't move a bit. I imagined he was waiting for my permission. The situation was so terribly arousing, I couldn't stop myself from arching my back and rolling my bottom toward Kerry. It was the best invitation I could give him.
Kerry scooted closer to me until I felt his smooth, stiff penis nestle itself between my cheeks. My back arched more deeply at that first touch, which made Kerry moan out loud. I could feel him throbbing between my cheeks while he held as still as he could. I lapped at Tammy's pussy as if I were licking water from a bowl. My tongue licked from the very bottom of her pussy to the very top. And when I got to the top, I gently sucked her fat clit into my mouth for a few seconds before repeating the entire process.
While still holding my head in place against her, she spoke in that familiar deep voice, "Tammy Says, Kerry start sliding your cute, little penis between his cheeks."
My eyes rolled up into my head when Kerry began to hump his penis between my cheeks. His hands held onto my hips firmly while he humped himself against me. It started slowly, but he soon began sliding between my cheeks at a faster pace. The wet, sucking sounds of his leaking penis sliding back and forth between my cheeks only made us all hornier.
When I next took her clit in my mouth, Tammy held me in that position so I wouldn't dive back down and lick along the length of her pussy. Instead, I held her clit between my lips gently sucking on it and tickling it with the tip of my tongue. Her breathing became labored and her massive breasts rose and fell like waves in the ocean.
Tammy growled, "Tammy Says, look at me! Both of you, look at me!"
I looked through her dense, curly pubic hair and up into her eyes. Kerry was humping my butt cheeks while I rolled my hips up and down. His penis was so stiff and it was leaking so much.
Tammy moaned, "Tammy Says, Kerry go faster!"
His grip on hips tightened up and he started to hump me at a rapid pace.
Tammy moaned again, "Tammy Says, Kerry reach under Peyton and touch his tiny penis!!"
I felt his touch slide off my hip while he leaned forward and looped his first finger and thumb around my desperate erection. He continued to hump himself between my cheeks while stroking my penis at a very quick pace.
Tammy moaned again, "Tammy Says, faster!"
Kerry gripped my hip while squeezing my penis tightly a second before he squealed, "I'm going to cum!!"
He then rolled his hips back and thrust forward. Only this time his slippery, skinny penis hit the bullseye and sank all the way inside of me. Tammy smiled when both of our eyes opened really wide, cartoon-style. My glistening face popped up off of her pussy and a strange, high-pitched sound erupted from my lips.
Kerry squealed, "I'm sorry Peyton!!"
I froze completely still while Kerry's body spasmed as he orgasmed inside of me. I know he couldn't help it when he thrust in and out of my bottom several times while he came. But he was making love to me! He was inside of me! Thankfully, his penis was silky soft and thin enough to not cause any pain at all. But I was confused and not sure how I felt about being penetrated. It sounds silly, but sliding between my cheeks and actually going inside of me were two totally different things in my mind.
All of those thoughts and worries left my mind when Kerry squeezed my penis tightly and milked his hand downward. My back arched deeply and I felt my balls pop up into my body. Even under the warm sunshine with a thin layer of perspiration covering me from our lovemaking, goosebumps rose up all over my body. My shoulders rose up and my back arched even deeper and my penis spurted out its juices into the lawn.
Tammy pulled my mouth back onto her sex and I quickly sucked her clit back into my mouth. The wet, sucking sounds of our lovemaking echoed around the yard. Kerry's penis slid in and out of my tight, little bottom while squirting his love deep inside of me. All of my creamy love squirted from my short, skinny penis into her lawn. And Tammy crested in orgasm on my lips.
Her larger-than-life body quivered, vibrated and shook. She pushed me away from her trembling pussy, but the orgasm she was having continued on for several moments. And while it did, Kerry buried his little penis deep inside of me as his orgasm came to an end. Only then did he release my penis, sit up and rest his hands on my hips once again.
Tammy moaned, "Tammy Says, Peyton, tell Kerry you love him."
Before I uttered a sound, my body reacted to the situation. My hips rolled up and my bottom tightly embraced his penis while my little penis squeezed out the last drops of my love. Kerry gripped my hips, moaned and kept himself inside of me. I whimpered softly, "I love you very much, Kerry."
Tammy smiled at both of us and said, "Tammy Says, Kerry, tell Peyton you love him." He was about to speak when Tammy stopped him and went on to say, "Tammy Says, make love to Peyton while you tell him that you love him."
He gently slid his still stiff penis in and out. He did it several times before he said, "I love you very much, Peyton."
Tammy ran her fingers through my hair while she spoke, "And I love you both very much."
I leaned forward and placed gentle kisses up both sides of Tammy's pussy. It wasn't until then, that I began to accept that I really loved the feeling of Kerry's penis inside of me. His penis felt like it belonged inside of me. And knowing I'd made him feel good enough to cum inside of me, made me proud that my body had made him feel that good.
Even after he'd declared his love for me, Kerry continued to slowly make love to me while Tammy's fingers slid through my hair. He kept doing so until his penis went soft enough that it slipped out from inside of me. A soft moan slipped from my lips when it happened and I pushed my bottom back toward him. But Kerry was finished.
Tammy sat up in her chair while she adjusted her dress so it covered her sex once again. At the same time, Kerry fell back onto his bottom in the grass and I rolled onto my back. No one said a word for the longest time while we digested what had just occurred. I was the one who broke the silence when I began giggling.
I squirmed in the grass while giggling wildly, "That was so much fun!" I continued to giggle when I looked at Kerry and squealed, "You made love to me! Your penis was inside of me and it felt really, really good!!"
Kerry crawled over and laid halfway on top of me. He braced his head up with his hands and in a serious voice asked, "Did it really feel good? I was afraid I hurt you."
I giggled while leaning up and kissing his lips. "It didn't hurt at all. It felt wonderful. It felt amazing!"
Kerry leaned down and kissed me. When he did, I looped my arms around his neck and kissed him back. We lay there in the grass kissing each other. Kerry looked up at Tammy, who was watching us closely, and said, "I can taste you on Peyton's lips!"
Tammy smiled and half-moaned, "I bet you can. That was the best orgasm I've had in a very long time. I love you boys so much!"
One after the other, Kerry and I expressed our love for Tammy. When Kerry looked back down at me, I said, "I really do love you, Kerry."
Kerry kissed me gently and while looking into my eyes, whispered, "I really love you too, Peyton."
It was the first time we'd declared our love for each other without being prompted by Tammy. And that was a fact Tammy didn't miss. After letting the two of us kiss for a little while longer, she spoke in a very gentle voice, "Did you two enjoy that game of 'Tammy Says'?"
Kerry and I rolled apart and stood up in front of her. As we did, we both told Tammy that we'd loved that game and couldn't wait for the next time she wanted to play. Tammy grinned and said, "I thought you might enjoy it. Don't worry, we will play that game again soon."
Tammy smiled and looked upon the two naked boys holding hands, standing in front of her. Our little penis's were soft for the first time that day. After glancing at the time on her phone, Tammy suggested the two of us take a shower together while she chose the outfits we'd wear out to dinner. Kerry and I looked into each other's eyes while both our penis's began to stiffen as we considered what Tammy may have us wear and do while at dinner.
After gathering up all of our clothes which were littered around the pool, we made our way into Tammy's home with her following a few steps behind us. Kerry and I were holding hands and wiggling our bottoms for Tammy's enjoyment. While we walked, she said, "I want you to wash each other's bodies really well. I want you both to be squeaky clean."
At the same time, we chirped, "We will Tammy."
As we stepped into the bathroom, Tammy swatted both of our butts firmly and said, "You're to wash each other, not play with each other!" She swatted our butts again before warning us, "No orgasms without me. Do you understand?"
Kerry and I stopped just inside of the bathroom and turned to face her. Both of our little penis's were coming back to life and slowly getting stiff once again. We both promised not to get carried away while we bathed.
Tammy leaned down and kissed first me and then Kerry. She then reached down and gently patted both of our half-hard, little erections. She then asked, "Why am I having such a hard time believing you two will behave yourselves?"
I giggled softly and said, "Maybe you should join us so we don't get ourselves into trouble."
Kerry loved the idea and we both snuggled up against her standing in the hall. He and I began to undo the buttons on her dress. Tammy stood there, grinning at the two of us while we removed her clothes. Her voice was a bit raspy when she said, "I suppose I will have to join you. It's the only way I'll know you aren't misbehaving."
When all the buttons were undone, Kerry and I slid her dress off of her body. She was left wearing only a very sturdy, re-enforced white bra. The wide strap running across her back was held closed by five clasps. Neither Kerry nor I had any experience removing a bra, but we both tried. Tammy waited patiently and tried not to laugh too much. Kerry struggled with it for several moments before I tried my luck. Like him, I too failed miserably. We both agreed the hooks must be broken. After we'd both given up, Tammy reached behind herself and unclipped the clasps without the least bit of trouble.
As the giant cups of her bra fell away from her enormous breasts, my little penis throbbed at the sight of mature body. She wasn't fit, she was full-figured. Her huge breasts weren't perky, they sagged a little. She had wide hips and a very large butt. Kerry and I could almost stand side-by-side and hide behind her, almost. She had a chubby stomach, but it wasn't so big that it folded over. I was perfectly enchanted by her beauty and so was Kerry.
Tammy sent Kerry to adjust the water temperature in the walk-in shower with another firm pat on his butt. While he was busy with that, she looked into my eyes and was concerned when she asked, "Peyton, how is your bottom? Does it hurt? Is it sore?"
My entire body squirmed while looking up into her eyes. Being asked a question like that was personal and a little embarrassing. But it proved that Tammy really and truly cared about me. My hips wiggled from side-to-side when I told her it was fine. But she wanted to be sure. She had me bend over at my hips against the bathroom counter, facing the mirror. After looking at my little hole, she reached out and gently touched it with her fingertip.
In a rather deep moan, she asked, "Is there any pain at all?"
Her touch was so gentle, I couldn't stop my hips from grinding back toward her. I whimpered softly, "No, not at all. I promise."
Watching her reflection in the mirror, Tammy laid her free hand on my lower back while gently applying more pressure with her finger against my little hole. As it slid inside of me, she moaned, "How about now? Does this hurt? Or does it feel good?"
A soft moan slipped from between my lips as my eyes fluttered closed. Her finger began slowly sliding in and out of my bottom. I arched my back deeply and rose up on my tiptoes while still leaning against the bathroom counter. Biting my lower lip while opening my eyes again to see myself and Tammy in the mirror, I softly whimpered, "It feels good! It feels really, really good!"
While still lovingly fingering me, Tammy leaned down beside my head and whispered, "I've wanted to do this since the moment I first saw you. An ass this small, this tight, and this cute needs to be played with."
Pulling her finger out from inside my body left me gasping. I slowly stood up and turned to face her. While I turned, I saw Kerry standing in the steamy entryway to the shower. He was tickling his penis with his first finger and thumb. My skinny, thin penis was leaking its juices again. Tammy's chest was flushed and her breathing ragged. And her musky scent was quickly radiating throughout the room.
My voice was squeaky when I asked, "Tammy, can't we stay home and order dinner?"
She leaned down and kissed my lips gently. "I suppose we could. But I've been dying to take you two out after I put you both in matching panties and jumpers."
Biting my bottom lip, looking up into her eyes, "Panties and jumpers?"
She kissed my lips again, "Oh yes. I bought the outfits earlier this week. You're both going to look so cute!"
Kerry spoke up from across the bathroom, "Couldn't we stay home and model the panties and jumpers for you?"
Tammy looked to Kerry and said, "That sounds like fun. But I really wanted to take you both out while you wore them."
Leaning back against the bathroom counter, I glanced to Kerry and back up at Tammy. "Um, what if we go out to lunch tomorrow?"
Tammy smiled down at me and answered, "How would you feel about a late lunch before I drop you off at your apartments?"
Kerry squeaked, "In a jumper and panties? But Tammy, my neighbors might see me!"
I whimpered, "Mine too!"
She smiled at both of us and said, "You boys are so silly! You haven't even seen the outfits and you're whining about wearing them. Maybe they're masculine?"
All three of us began laughing at that. Since we all began spending time together, Tammy has been putting Kerry and me in girl's clothes. It started out with panties and nighties on the first night we spent all together. Since that night, Tammy began expanding our wardrobes. He and I now shared a dresser and closet in one of Tammy's spare bedrooms. She'd told us many times how much she loved to walk through the junior's section and choose outfits for the two of us.
Tammy looked from my eyes to Kerry's and then smiled. "If you're both sure you don't want to go out for dinner, I suppose we could order something and stay home. But I do have a condition. When our food gets delivered, you're both going to answer the door and I'll get to choose what you'll be wearing."
After Kerry and I agreed to her terms, she rested her hand on my lower back and guided me into the shower. As we joined Kerry, Tammy said to both of us, "I'm very tempted to have you boys answer the door in panties."
Kerry and I giggled and squirmed at the thought of opening the door and exposing ourselves to a stranger. Until we met Tammy, neither Kerry or I would have ever considered answering a door wearing panties. But Tammy's constant compliments and our attraction for each other had changed all of that. We were at times still shy. But usually, when I felt shy, Kerry helped to change that. And I did the same for Kerry when he felt shy.
After we'd all wet ourselves down under the shower, Kerry and I filled our hands with body wash and began soaping up Tammy. We worked on opposite sides of her body at an equal pace. We began with her hands and worked our way up her arms. While we worked, Kerry and I slithered our wet, slippery bodies against Tammy's sides. We filled our palms with body wash again before we worked on her shoulders and then down both sides of her back. Filling our palms with body wash once again, we both rubbed down her upper chest before addressing her enormous breasts. Kerry focused on one while I focused on the other. My hands slid around, over and under her breast and that made my penis throb all the more. I caught her stiff nipple between my second and third finger and gently squeezed it. Kerry and I both spent way more time than was necessary to thoroughly clean her breasts.
Before moving on, and even though her breast was covered in soapy suds, I leaned in and sucked her stiff nipple into my mouth. It tasted of soap, but I didn't mind. At that moment, I needed to give her huge nipple a loving kiss and suck. When Kerry saw what I was doing, he leaned down and repeated the action on her other breast.
Tammy laid her hands behind our heads and said in a soft voice, "You two are spoiling me." She lovingly caressed our scalps while we sucked, licked, kissed and caressed her huge, soapy breasts. "I love you both very much."
Kerry and I detached from her nipples and giggled when we saw we both had soap-sud mustaches. We quickly wiped them away and asked Tammy to please fill our hands with more soap. Moving farther behind her, we began soaping up the wide, soft butt cheek closest to us. Tammy arched her back and pushed her big butt back toward us both. She had four hands slipping and sliding over and between her butt cheeks.
Not wanting to risk a bladder infection, Tammy quickly washed her own pussy while Kerry and I watched closely. While she washed, she taught us how to properly wash and rinse her pussy.
Tammy then filled our hands with more body wash before I knelt behind one leg and Kerry knelt in front of the other. Instead of only using our hands to wash her thick thighs, we hugged her legs and used our entire bodies to slip and slide up and down her legs. Tammy had to brace herself against the shower wall while Kerry and I humped and ground our bodies against her legs.
After slipping up and down her legs for several minutes, Kerry leaned in and sucked her clit into his mouth. Tammy wasn't prepared for that and quickly bent forward, pulling her pussy away from his mouth. When she did that, she unintentionally presented her big bottom to me. And without a moment's hesitation, I pressed my face between her huge cheeks and kissed her brown button.
Tammy shouted, "Boys! Stop it!"
Tammy groaned while trying to pull her bottom away from me. But as soon as she did, Kerry pressed his face against her pussy and began licking and kissing her pussy and clit. I pressed my face between her wet, slippery cheeks and kissed her brown hole once before licking across it, over and over and over. Tammy pulled herself away from my mouth and toward Kerry, she then pulled herself away from him and toward me. It happened several times. We'd only been at it for a short time before Tammy moaned deeply and braced herself with both hands against the shower wall.
Tammy was breathing in deep gasps as she moaned, "Boys! I'm going to cum! Boys! I'm going to cum!"
Her body began to shake and vibrate again. The muscles in her legs were twitching. And a low, deep groan began to echo in the shower. I heard sucking sounds which I guessed meant Kerry was sucking her clit into his mouth. Not to be outdone, I poked out my tongue and pressed it against Tammy's wrinkled hole until it opened up and the tip of my tongue slipped inside of her.
Tammy nearly fell over when her orgasm peaked. She was mumbling and moaning while bracing herself against the shower wall. Her knees buckled and she stumbled but was able to catch herself before her legs gave out.
After pulling our faces and mouths away from Tammy, she told us she needed a moment to recover. Kerry and I took that opportunity to wash each other's bodies. We lathered up each other's arms, shoulders, and chests while Tammy leaned against the wall, watching us closely. Then, stepping close to each other, I drizzled more body wash down between us. The two of us slid and squirmed against each other while big blobs of soapy bubbles fell from between us.
I slowly turned around while still in Kerry's embrace and he used the front of his body to wash my back. While he did so, his stiff little penis almost penetrated me on two separate occasions! When we were facing each other once again, Tammy stepped closer and drizzled even more body wash between us. Kerry slowly turned around while I continued to embrace him. It was my turn to slide up and down his backside. My stiff prong of a penis slid between his cheeks and it felt wonderful! The tip did bump against his little hole a few times, but I never pressed hard enough to enter his body.
The water was beginning to cool by then and we all quickly rinsed the soap from our bodies. Tammy retrieved Kerry's purple towel and my pink towel from the rack. While we began drying ourselves off, Tammy used her oversized, light blue towel to dry her plentiful body. Kerry and I finished at nearly the same time and hung our appointed towels back on the rack to dry. We stood naked, beside each other, holding hands while waiting for Tammy to finish.
As she was pulling on her big, blue, terry cloth robe, I softly announced, "I have to go pee."
Kerry reached down and held his stiff penis as he said, "Me too."
Tammy smiled at us both while brushing out her long, blond hair. She motioned to the toilet with her chin and said, "It's right there, boys. Why don't you both use it at the same time?"
Kerry giggled, "Together?"
Tammy replied, "Yes, together."
I stepped up and lifted the lid and seat. Kerry stepped right beside me. We were both still very stiff and had to bend and arch our backs so we wouldn't miss the bowl.
Just before I began to pee, Tammy said, "Why don't you try holding each other's penis's while you go?"
We both looked over at her like she was crazy. But she stood there in her robe with her arms crossed under her giant boobs. She looked so regal and beautiful. Biting my lip, I let go of my stiff, little penis and reached over to aim Kerry's. I felt his penis flex under my touch and then a strong stream of urine shot out and struck the inside of the bowl. Kerry took hold of my little penis and I let go of my bladder shortly afterward and moaned softly. It was a completely new experience to be holding someone else's penis while they went. Not to mention having someone else hold mine. And the feelings were made even stronger having Tammy standing so nearby watching us.
When we'd finished peeing, Tammy suggested we dab each other's penis's with tissue to catch any drips that remained. Before Kerry flushed the toilet, Tammy said, "That was the most precious thing I've ever seen."
Kerry and I remained naked and followed Tammy into the living room. We snuggled up on either side of her while she browsed for a restaurant that delivered on her phone. Tammy asked us several times what sounded good to eat, but Kerry and I were distracted by her robe that parted open when she sat down. She playfully swatted our hands away a few times when we tried to open her robe a little more. She eventually gave up and let us open her robe enough that both of her enormous breasts were completely exposed.
Tammy continued to list off one restaurant after another, waiting for someone to decide what we'd have for dinner. Kerry and I were no longer thinking about food. We were each kissing, licking and caressing Tammy's breasts. We sucked on her nipples, licked slow circles around her areolas and completely covered her breasts in kisses and licks. Neither of us even noticed that she had put down her phone. She instead was leaning back, enjoying the two of us worshipping her perfect breasts.
While stroking her fingers through our hair, Tammy said, "You boys really are spoiling me. I must've done something truly amazing to deserve you two. Especially since you both have such small penis's" She continued to run her fingers through our hair while we covered her breasts in gentle kisses, licks, and nibbles. She went on to say, "I've always had a thing for boys with tiny penis's. The tinier the better." She purred softly, "I wonder which of you has the smallest penis?"
Until that moment, I never could have imagined arguing with another guy, trying to convince him that my penis was smaller than his. But that is exactly what Kerry and I began to do. We rolled off of the couch and stood before Tammy. We tried to hold our penis against each other so Tammy could decide the smaller of the two of us, but it was awkward and she couldn't tell for sure.
My little penis throbbed when I heard Kerry ask, "Do you have a ruler?"
Tammy grinned and sent him to her craft room to retrieve her fabric tape measure from her sewing basket. After he'd ran from the room, Tammy asked, "Peyton, Sweetheart, have you ever measured your little peepee?" She pointed at my penis which was throbbing before her eyes.
While standing in front of her, biting my lower lip, I whispered, "No I haven't. I know it's small, really small." I bit my lip before continuing. "Sometimes in bathrooms, I'll peek at guys standing at the urinal next to me." Biting my lip once more, "Out of every penis I've ever seen, mine has always been a lot smaller."
Tammy smiled up at me, "Peyton, Honey, have you ever been caught peeking at a man's cock?"
I blushed and giggled, "Yes. An older man caught me peeking at him. He looked right into my eyes and asked if I liked what I saw. I ran out of that room as fast as I could!"
Tammy whispered, "Did you? Did you like what you saw?"
A drip of my excitement began to slowly fall from the squishy, pink head of my penis after it throbbed hard. I half-moaned, "It was really big. His was soft and it was way bigger than mine even when it's hard."
Tammy licked her lips while watching me squirm before her. "Of course it was bigger, Sweetheart. He was a man with a man's cock. And you have a cute, little, pink penis." She glanced down to the drip dangling from my penis as it picked up speed and fell onto the floor at my bare feet. "But I didn't ask you if his cock was bigger. I asked if you liked what you saw."
I blushed and squirmed while I whispered, "Yes."
She whispered, "I'm sure any boy with a penis as small as yours would feel the same way. And that isn't something you need to be ashamed of. I love both you and Kerry in-part, because of your insecurities and teeny tiny penis's!"
Kerry rushed back into the room at that moment holding the yard-long fabric tape measure as if it were a jump rope and came to a stop right beside me. Tammy took hold of the tape measure and found the correct end. She looked up into Kerry's eyes and asked, "Are you ready, Sweetheart?"
He giggled and poked his hips out proudly while flexing his penis as hard as he could. Tammy carefully laid the tape along the length of his penis. She made sure the end of it was right against the base where his penis met his body. Pulling the tape taut along his modest length, she looked down and studied the measurement. She readjusted the tape twice before announcing, "Three and a half inches."
He and I both blushed and my hips squirmed in a tight circle. Tammy looked up at me and nodded her head lovingly. She laid the tape over my stiff erection and I flexed it as hard as I could. She pulled the tape taut and checked the measurement. She rechecked my length three times before announcing, "Three and one-quarter of an inch. That makes you the winner Peyton!"
My hips squirmed and my penis throbbed as I asked, "What do I win? Do I get a prize?"
Kerry pouted and wanted to be remeasured. But Tammy assured him my penis was just a little shorter than his. She went on to explain it was just the tiniest bit smaller and she still loved us both.
Tammy then turned to me and after glancing at my prize-winning penis, said, "Hmm, a prize, let me think." She playfully tapped her long fingernail against her chin while thinking. "I had planned on having you both greet the person who delivers our dinner, which we still haven't ordered, in panties. But since you won, I'll give you a choice. You can decide if Kerry answers the door alone or you could still join him."
I grinned while looked to Kerry. He was very nervous. I think we both needed each other's support to do things like answering the door in panties. I know I'd never want to do that alone. But if Kerry was by my side, I knew it would be fun. I leaned over and kissed him quickly before saying, "I'll do it with you!"
Tammy sent us off to the spare bedroom where our clothes were kept to choose the panties we'd wear. As we dashed out of the room, she called out to us, insisting the panties we chose matched. As we stepped into the spare bedroom, Kerry backed me against the wall and kissed me. We looped our arms around each other as our bodies pressed and ground together.
Apparently, our kissing was louder than we thought. Because Tammy called out from the living room, "You two are supposed to be choosing your panties, not kissing!"
Kerry and I crossed the room and pulled open the top drawer of the dresser we shared. While we sorted through our growing selection of panties, we found it difficult to decide on a matching pair. Kerry turned to me and laid his hand on my naked hip, "Peyton, we could answer the door naked."
I spun to face him and laid my hands on his naked hips, biting my lip, I whispered, "Do you really want to?"
Kerry leaned in, kissed me gently on the lips and said, "I'll do it if you do it!"
Taking his hands in mine, I stepped toward him until our erect penis's touched and said, "Deal! We're answering the door naked!"
We held hands and dashed back to the living room where we found Tammy on the phone, finishing up our dinner order. She looked happily surprised to see us back without panties. After hanging up the phone and while putting her credit card back into her giant, black leather purse, she grinned at the two of us before asking, "Boys, where are your panties?"
Kerry spoke up and said, "Peyton and I are going to answer the door naked!"
Her eyes wandered over our bodies while stating, "You two have brought a whole new level of excitement to my life."
While we waited for our dinner to be delivered, Tammy decided having us answer the door naked may not be safe. She came up with a new plan which sounded just as naughty.
We were all extremely excited when the doorbell rang. Kerry and I stood out of sight while Tammy answered the door. She had gotten dressed while we waiting and was wearing a pair of sweatpants and T-shirt. While she signed the ticket, she gave us the subtle sign that it was safe. That's when Kerry and I ran into the room to stand on either side of Tammy. The man at the door looked to be even older than Tammy's 39 years. He had a full head & beard of salt-and-pepper hair. Unlike Kerry or I, he had deeply tanned skin and looked very strong.
The man's eyes darted from my body to Kerry's and back again. He was completely speechless while admiring our petite, pale bodies with our little, stiff, pink penis's. Tammy cleared her throat to get his attention while she held out the signed ticket for him. The man looked at Tammy and chuckled while shrugging his shoulders.
Tammy maintained eye contact with him while saying, "Kerry, why don't you take the drinks into the kitchen. Peyton, you can carry the food." She then broke eye contact with him and walked back into the house, but just far enough that the man couldn't see her.
That left Kerry and I standing before this man completely naked. As soon as Tammy had stepped away, his hungry eyes began devouring our bodies once more. He stood there holding our dinner and uttered, "Wow... My wife isn't going to believe this when I tell her about it."
Kerry took a step closer to him, standing on the threshold of Tammy's front door, he looked into man's eyes and asked in a soft and very sexy voice, "Believe what?"
He half moaned, "That I made a delivery to you two."
My back arched and a naughty shiver shot up my spine as I stepped beside Kerry in the doorway. After taking hold of his hand, I looked up at the man and teasingly asked, "Is it unusual for you to make deliveries to boys?"
He glanced into my eyes and smiled before letting his gaze drift over our bodies again. "I've made plenty of deliveries to boys. But never to boys who were so cute and naked and..." He groaned softly, "Excited." He swallowed before uttering, "My wife would love to see you two."
Kerry squeezed my hand while asking the man, "Do you have a phone? Would you like to take a picture of us?"
The man looked like he was about to faint. Kerry and I reached out beyond the threshold to relieve the man of the things keeping his hands busy. Kerry took hold of the tray of drinks while I took the two sacks of food. While setting down our dinner on a small table just inside the door, the man wasted no time in pulling his phone out of his pocket.
We stepped back into the doorway and took another long look at this man. Until then, the man had been using our sacks of food to hide the long, thick bulge in his pants. Now both Kerry and I were able to see the effect we'd had on this man.
Kerry giggled and looked in the direction of Tammy. He called out to her, acting as if she wasn't standing so nearby. "Tammy! Will you please come here? We need your help!"
He mumbled something while lifting his phone up and snapped a picture of us just standing there.
Kerry smiled and said, "Hang on a sec. Tammy is going to come and take a picture of us all together."
Tammy paused for a few seconds before walking into the doorway. She looked down at Kerry and asked what he needed. While Kerry explained his plan, I took the man's phone from him and passed it to Tammy. She quickly made herself familiar with the camera app. As Kerry and I stepped outside and stood on either side of the man while Tammy remained just inside the doorway.
Kerry and I turned toward one another while standing just in front of him. While keeping our hips apart far enough for our penis's to show, kissed each other sweetly with the man standing right behind us. Tammy asked the man to lay his hands on our lower backs. When his hot, sweaty palm made contact with my naked back, Tammy asked us to kiss one more time. She snapped off several images before lowering the camera and handing it back to the man.
He flipped through the pictures and groaned, "I can't wait to show these to my wife."
Kerry and I stepped back inside. While he was still looking down at his phone, I chirped, "Well, thank you for bringing us dinner! We're going to go eat now!"
Before he had a chance to respond, Kerry shut the door and we both broke into the giggles. But our giggles stopped suddenly when Tammy took hold of our hands firmly. She led us back into the living room and sat on the couch while Kerry and I stood before her. I can't be sure how Kerry felt, but standing there made me feel like I was a little boy in deep trouble.
She looked up at us and in an unusually stern voice said, "You two have some explaining to do."
The way she was looking at us and the tone of her voice sent a shiver up my back. I knew I'd disappointed Tammy somehow. And she was the last person I ever wanted to upset.
Sounding just as firm as before, she asked, "Why would you be so worried about your neighbor's seeing you in cute, little jumpers, but you had no problem shamelessly teasing that poor delivery man?"
I bit my lip and said, "I guess it's because we didn't know that man. But it does sound silly when you say it like that."
She looked away from both of us while saying, "I'm beginning to think you two don't appreciate the pretty clothes I've been buying for you."
We both spoke at the same time, "We do!"
She still didn't look at us when she said, "Well you sure have a funny way of showing it."
Kerry took hold of my hand and squeezed it before saying, "Tammy, we'll wear the jumpers out to lunch tomorrow."
I looked at Kerry for a second before turning my gaze back to Tammy, "And we want you to drop us off at our apartments wearing them too."
Her voice softened and she looked at us when she next spoke, "Only if you're sure. I don't want to make you do something you don't want to."
Kerry and I squeezed our hands together. We looked at her sitting there and Kerry answered for us. "We're sure. Our neighbors probably think we're sissy's anyway!"
She smiled at us and said, "If they don't, they will tomorrow!"
I squealed, "You teased us! You tricked us into wearing the jumpers!"
She sat forward and laid a finger under the squishy heads of our stiff and throbbing penis's while whispering, "Yes I did. And you're going to look adorable." She slid the pad of her fingers under the necks of our penis's. It felt wonderful. I was so horny. My hips were squirming and my penis was throbbing so hard. "Boys, I want you to promise me you'll wear your jumpers tomorrow."
My answer came out in a moan, "I promise Tammy."
Kerry whimpered softly, "Me too. I promise too."
"And I know neither of you would ever break a promise. Would you?"
Kerry and I moaned together, "No."
Looping her fingers around our penis's, she gently pulled them toward each other until Kerry and I were face-to-face. She used the index finger and thumb of one hand to hold our penis's together. Kerry and I stood there for a second or two before we reached out, held each other and began kissing. Tammy watched her two, very horny boys passionately kiss for a time, she began to slowly stroke our penis's up and down.
Tammy's voice sounded deeper when she next spoke, "Boys, I don't want to take you to your apartments tomorrow. I want you to stay here with me. I want us all to stay together all the time." She gently squeezed our penis's together, "Peyton, Kerry, I am asking you both to move in with me. I want us to sleep in the same bed every night. I love you both very much and want to spend every minute I can with you."
Kerry and I were both gasping for breaths when we ended our kiss. He and I turned to look down at Tammy, we were cheek-to-cheek and still in each other's arms. She held our penis's together but didn't move her hand at all. Kerry and I began to slowly hump ourselves against each other in her hand.
I whimpered softly, "I don't want to spend a night away from either of you ever again."
Kerry said, "I never want to be apart either."
Tammy squeezed our penis's together and said, "I am really happy to hear that." She paused and I saw tears form in her eyes. "Do you think, if we all worked together, that we can get both moved out of your apartments tomorrow?"
Kerry and I both moaned at the same time, "Yes!"
Tammy squeezed us together and began sliding up and down our slippery penis's. We were both on the verge of orgasm and all three of us knew it. Kerry and I hugged each other tightly and our lips met once again. I'm not sure who popped off first, but we orgasmed only seconds apart. Our penis's were sliding against each other within Tammy's loving fingers.
While our creamy love erupted between our bodies, Tammy said, "You boys promised you'd wear your jumpers and panties tomorrow. And I'm going to hold you to that promise."