This is the second part, hopefully stands up on its own but you may get more out of it by reading part one first. Either way I hope you enjoy it. Comments, contacts and sensible criticisms welcome.
*
"So, can Mike lick my pussy now?" Sadie asked Sarah
"Afraid not, we haven't got a lot of time, we've so much to get ready for the opening tonight."
"Aah that's not fair, both Mike and Ruth got to cum."
"Don't be silly, we all need to have a shower and get moving, use the shower head or something, you'll manage," Sarah answered with a smile.
Sadie sulked off to her bedroom, followed by a nearly recovered Ruth. Sarah looked at me,
"Come on lover boy, we need to get going."
"We need to talk."
"No we don't."
"Yes we do," I answered.
"That was amazing, but it's not right, I love you, I've just had hand sex with your sisters, I love you, it's not right," Sarah put her finger to my lips, I was babbling, the emotions from coming down off my sexual high flowing out of me, I was close to tears.
"Shhs, sit down."
I sat, Sarah then sitting on my knee and kissing me gently, holding me tight.
"It's ok, it's ok" she told me "We're fine, I love you too."
As I calmed and my breathing settled Sarah sat back a little and looking intently at me, said
"Listen to me, I told you I was fascinated by cocks," I nodded "Well we're a wild family and the girls are very sexual too, I think we get it off our mother, but that's another story. Anyway what just happened there was amazing, you should have seen your face, but it was just sex, incredible sex, but just sex. I love you very much but I'm happy for you to enjoy sex. As long as I decide who it's with." She said with a smile.
I looked at Sarah, there was some logic to what she said, very twisted logic but logic none the least. I slipped my hand up under the tee shirt she was still wearing, finding a nipple, I pinched it gently.
"Well, can I have sex with you then?"
"No you bloody can't, I have to get ready," and off to the shower she went.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
We eventually all ate some breakfast, the girls heading out to do some shopping before going to the gallery to finish things for tonight. Before they went Sarah said.
"See you about 7, everyone's coming for a few nibbles and champers before we start, wish me luck."
"Good luck."
As they headed for the door Ruth gave me a hard slap on the arse, "See you later handsome." They all giggled, they really were a crazy bunch.
As the day wore on I was becoming increasingly nervous, both for Sarah and for myself. I also felt unsettled about the mornings events, however much Sarah laughed it off. I went to the gym which took my mind off it for a little while.
I was worried for Sarah, what if people didn't like or understand her work? She'd put so much of herself into it, she'd be shattered. I also knew that there would be pictures of my dick on display, this could be highly embarrassing, People might not know it's me, but they might.
I arrived shortly after 7 and was surprised that there seemed to about forty people milling around, chatting away. I looked for a face I knew and saw John, Sarah's boss. He came over, gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek, "Welcome, lover boy."
"Hi John, how's it going?"
"Great, great, everything's good. Sarah's flitting around somewhere, as nervous as anything. I told her she shouldn't be though. Her photos look incredible and the gallery people have done a great job with the lighting, really brings out the images."
Just then I heard the loud tapping of a glass.
"Can I have your attention please everyone," It was Marissa the gallery owner. "We're going to go through to the next room where this remarkable and provocative exhibition is being staged. Sarah, the photographer will be at hand to answer any questions you may have and I'll be there to take your money should you wish to buy one," this brought a little laughter from the crowd. "Without further ado please follow me."
I was near the back of the crowd as we moved to the next room, I could hear "Wows" and "Oohs" and even an "Oh my" from the people in front of me as they entered. I walked in and was immediately surrounded by cocks. There were big ones, little ones, black ones, brown ones. Seemingly every type and shape. Who did they all belong too, when had she taken them?
John was beside me and as if reading my mind said,
"A lot of cocks isn't there, but don't worry I think yours is by far the nicest."
"Thanks," I said, a bit sarcastically.
"There's thirty four images in total, I think eight are of you, although she may have blended some images together."
"Wow, it's amazing, startling," I said. And it really was, the way the images were displayed and lit within the small room made you feel like you were being watched and followed by dicks. Mind blowing stuff.
Sadie came over to me.
"It's great isn't it?"
"Yes, amazing."
"I'll say one thing for my sister, she had plenty of spunk to take these pictures," She said, the double entendre fully intended.
"Umm" I said, smiling.
"I think Sarah's over there talking to some people, will I get her?"
"No not at all, leave her be, I'll catch her later."
I started to wander around the exhibition, they really were startling, thought inspiring images and under normal circumstances or if I had been more mature I might have appreciated them more. As it was I spent my time trying to identify my dick and comparing it with others on show.
For the most part they seemed to be an arty type of crowd. I overheard one lady discussing one of my pics, she turned to her companion and said,
"It does make one consider the juxtaposed roles of the penis in our society." Load of bollocks.
I was stood looking at a flaccid, uncircumcised dick, very wrinkled, reminding me of a Pugs face when I became aware of a tall West Indian guy stood next to me.
"Hi, I'm Leon," he introduced himself. "I'm one of the dicks in the pictures," pointing to an image over to our right. It was erect, long, maybe longer than mine, and thin.
I looked at Leon, he was a couple of inches taller than me but not as broad. He was obviously very proud of himself and happy to be in the exhibition. I didn't want to get into a dick comparing competition with him, or for that matter chat to someone who might be an old boyfriend of Sarah's. But not wanting to be rude either I said,
"Hi, I'm Mike, I'm in a couple of photos too."
"You must be the really thick one, congratulations."
"Thanks." This evening was becoming more bizarre by the minute.
I was saved by Ruth and Sadie coming over to me, all giggly and flirty, they took me by the arms.
"How you doing, big boy?"
"A bit overwhelmed and freaked if I'm to be honest."
"Relax, just concentrate on what an amazing photographer and artist our sister is. Come over here, there's someone Sarah wants you to meet."
Sarah was talking to a small, well groomed man, mid thirties I would guess, the word dapper came to mind.
"Darling I'd like you meet Steve Linwood. Steve is an art dealer and feels he can sell some of my work for far more than I'm asking here. Steve this is my fiancé and muse, Michael."
"Nice to meet you Michael," Steve said, offering his hand. "I was just saying to Sarah how much I loved her work, very provocative and salable in todays market. I asked her about her inspiration and she offered to introduce us."
"Nice to meet you too Steve, she is a very talented and inspiring lady."
"I particularly like this one," he said, pointing to a close up shot of my erect knob. It was an impressive picture, Sarah had manipulated shading and different light into the picture, giving the impression of different textures along the length of my dick. I went into complete bullshit mode,
"It's one of my favorites too, very evocative, it brings to mind the power and the vulnerability of the penis." Sarah just glared at me.
"I couldn't have said it better myself. Wonderful work, Sarah I'll be in touch," Steve said, wandering off.
"What's with all the evocative bullshit talk?" Sarah asked
"Just expressing ones considered opinion," I said in my best high falutin voice. "And what's all this about me being your fiancé?"
"Oh that, well I decided a few weeks ago that we should get married, I just hadn't told you yet."
Sarah looked at me, "What do you say?"
"I say yes."
Sarah nearly jumped into my arms, we kissed.
"I love you."
"I love you."
"Right, put me down, I have some photos to sell," and she was off, buzzing around the place.
One thing was for certain, my life with Sarah would never be boring.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We were sat around after the exhibition, myself and Sarah, her sisters and John and Marissa. They were downing the remaining Champagne and celebrating a great evening. Sarah stood up and announced our engagement, cheers and kisses all around. I got a big smacker from John and even a little peck from the ice cool Marissa. I got a luscious kiss off of Ruth followed by a sultry "Welcome to our family". Whilst a tipsy Sadie tried to snog me and said a little bit to loudly, "You might be marrying my sister but you still owe me a good tonguing." This got her a slap on the arse and a "Dirty bitch," from Sarah. What a family.
They were all full of beans and wanted to carry on partying. All I wanted to do was take Sarah home. I think Sarah was a bit torn but knew by the look on my face that I really wanted and needed her. So we went home whilst the others went clubbing.
Sarah was mellowing out by the time we got home, the excitement and buzz of the day fading away. we just looked at each other and said, "lets go to bed."' Sarah was cuddled into me, her hand on my dick, not moving, just holding it. I could sense her body relaxing, sleep not far away. I chose my moment.
"So tell me about the other dicks," I said, trying to sound more serious than I actually was.
"What, well, what'd you mean?" Sarah said, her body awaking and tensing a bit.
"Well there was a lot of them, whose were they all?"
"All sorts, friends, family, strangers."
"Family?"
"Just the one" Sarah laughed "Of my dad, years ago on holiday, it was the little wrinkled one."
"Did he know?"
"God no, although I don't think he would really have minded."
"And how'd you get ones of strangers?"
"Just walk up and ask them."
"No fucking way."
"Yep, it's amazing what a pretty girl can get away with."
"Tart"
"I know."
"And how would you persuade them?"
"I have my ways."
"Tell me."
"No."
"Go on, tell me."
"Lets just say I sometimes used my womanly wiles, very effective they were too."
"Tart."
"They obviously work on you" Sarah's hand started to move up and down my now rock hard cock
"God, I think it's actually getting bigger over time," Sarah said.
"Must have been the good pulling your sisters gave it this morning, stretched it."
"Now who's the tart?""
"Me, me, me, but I'm your tart."
'I know."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I was actually a bit nervous the next morning, not really wanting a repeat of the previous days shenanigans. I needn't have worried, both girls were far too hungover to worry about anything other than their headaches. They looked amazingly sexy and quite adorable as they sat round in their short tee shirts, complaining that their heads hurt and that they felt sick.
Myself and Sarah had decided to go back to our nudist ways, me figuring the girls had seen and felt plenty the day before and wouldn't be offended. They were either completely ok with it or completely oblivious as they didn't even make a smart comment. I however was not oblivious, both girls had big boobs and as they moved around I could see their nipples getting harder as they rubbed against the material. Very distracting.
Ruth seemed the more hungover of the two, she was sat at one end of the sofa, with Sarah cuddled up to me at the other end and Sadie sat on the armchair reading a magazine.
"I Really feel like crap," said Ruth, and with that she swung her legs around and pulled them up tight to her chest. Oh my good god. My cock had been semi hard the whole morning, what with being nude and three sexy women around me, but now it went rock hard, completely independent of my brain. Here only a few feet from me was the most gorgeous nude pussy I had ever seen, the lips glistening and slightly apart.
"Nice, uh," said Sarah following my gaze
"Very," I said
"It looks delicious."
"I didn't think you were into pussy."
"I'm not, I much prefer these," she said, taking my dick in her hand. "But I can appreciate beauty and sexiness."
"Will you two shut up, your making me feel as sick as Ruth," piped up Sadie.
"I'll show you something to make you feel sick and make your pussy tingle," said Sarah.
"What?"
Sarah knelt on the floor.
"You remember when I was first describing Michaels dick to you, I said it was way to big to fit in my mouth."
"Yes."
"Well I've been practicing."
"No fucking way, that fucking big thing is not going in your small mouth."
"Want a bet?"
Sarah licked the sensitive, bulbous top, making my cock twitch away from her mouth.
She took a hold of the shaft, guiding it under her mouth and dribbled (far too lady like to spit) saliva onto the end, sending a gasping sensation through me. I was aware of Ruth lifting her head to watch the show. I leant to my left and took Sarah's phone off of the side table. Unlocking it, I passed it to Ruth. It might have been my imagination but her pussy definitely looked wetter than a few moments ago.
"Smile!" she said, clicking the first photo.
"Video it," I just managed to say before Sarah took me into her mouth, making me gasp and hold my breath.
Sarah got the sensitive tip beyond her teeth. Letting go of the shaft she gently bit down, holding the hard meat with her teeth. No movement of the head, just a gentle swirling of the tongue. This felt incredible, almost sensuous. Sarah's beautiful green eyes never leaving mine. No frenzied sucking or gagging, just gentle waves of pleasure cascading through my body.
Sadie moving in the armchair broke my trance, she had an almost apologetic look on her face, but I guess she was getting heated as well and couldn't sit still. Scooting her bum forward a little she allowed her shirt to rise up, exposing her gorgeous beaver. She looked back at me, knowing she had my attention. She covered her pussy with her open hand, almost coyly, before bending the middle finger and inserting it into herself, biting her bottom lip as she did so, with the most 'come fuck me' face I had ever seen.
My whole sense and being changed, from one of gentle sensuality to one of raging sexuality. I put my hands either side of Sarah's head, and as she released her teeth I started moving her head up and down, controlling the pace and pushing further into her mouth with each stroke.
"Sadie, in my bedside locker there's a large dildo and some lube, will you get it for me," I said. I could see Sadie hesitate, no wanting to stop her own ministrations, but then thinking this could be interesting.
Sarah had brought the dildo with her when she moved in but had hardly used it, preferring the real thing instead. Sadie returned with the dildo, making a great show of kissing and hugging it, playing to the camera. Sarah's head was still going up and down but I could feel her resisting a bit, trying to look sideways at what was going on.
I motioned for Sadie to go behind Sarah, which she did. She lubed the dildo, I could feel Sarah tensing, not quite sure of what was coming next. Not very nicely I pushed her right down on my dick, making her gag and retch a bit, at least it took her mind off the dildo.
The way Sarah was knelt, her arse stuck out, meant that her whole rear was open, exposed. What a sight it must've been. Sadie was knelt behind, the wickedest grin on her face. I could just see her thinking 'What shall I do first.'
Sadie caressed Sarah from the rear, causing her to squirm and wriggle. I think she would have come off my cock if I hadn't been holding her head firmly.
Sadie picked up the dildo pressing it against Sarah's bum hole. Sarah shook her head, almost causing me to let go.. Sadie slapped Sarah's bum hard,
"Quite bitch; keep on sucking and take what you're given."
Sarah stopped moving, even I was shocked. That sounded more aggressive than playful.
I shook my head at Sadie, I think she was even surprised at how it came out. She bent forward and gently kissed Sarah's hole, leaving her lips there for a few seconds, blowing.
I felt Sarah's body relax, I let go of her head. I think she'd nearly bit through my dick there.
Sarah straightened up, hardly looking at me. She turned to Sadie, I couldn't see Sarah's face but Sadie's was one of mischief and boldness, I actually thought Sarah was going to hit her, but then I heard Sarah sob. Instantly Sadie's face changed to one of concern and love, she held Sarah tightly in her arms and started rocking, tears rolling down her own face.
"You frightened me," I heard Sarah sob.
"So, so sorry my darling, so, so sorry," Sadie said, squeezing Sarah tighter.
Ruth came closer, the two girls opened up and she pulled them into herself, their heads pulled against her breasts like a mother hen.
There they sat, gently rocking. What a beautiful family.