*Author's note: This story is a work of fiction, and should be read as such. Any characters bearing similarity to any real persons, be they living or dead, is purely coincidental. This work is the property of the author, and no permission is given for this work to be posted anywhere but www.literotica.com*
***
Real quick: I don't like talkin' about myself too much, but this story really needs tellin'. My name's Dan. Dan Simonds. I'm thirty-one, and I'm an IT consultant in Brisbane. I take contracts mostly to help new companies get setup, or to help older companies restructure their networks and whatnot.
Conversely, I love the wilderness, and I love getting away from it all on my own. I know what you're thinkin'; a computer nerd that loves roughing it? Yep, it's true, largely due to the fact that me and my brother and sister were raised on property out west of Geelong, and we spent most of our young lives outdoors.
I have no girlfriend, though there's a string of failed relationships behind me, mostly because the idea of settling down never interested me too much. Nothing wrong with the girls, mind you. I liked 'em all, maybe even loved one or two, but I liked being me own man too much, you know?
Anyway, that's enough from me. What happened during this story changed my life, and I hope you get a good read out of it.
Cheers,
Dan.
***Early Spring, 2011, on the way to Yarramalong, New South Wales***
Ah, the mountain air. Nothing ever tastes or smells as sweet after you get out of the city. I'd decided this morning to chuck my shit in the Landcruiser and get gone.
My I.T. contract just finished with this mob that were setting up a new office in the CBD, and they paid me an arm and a leg for the work, which means that I won't have to put my name out there again for a while, as long as I'm careful with my coin.
Which means one thing: Camping, fishing, and four-wheel driving!
I never really needed much to be happy, as long as I had what I needed to get away when I wanted to. Pretty much everything I care about fits into the back of my Landcruiser. To be honest, it's mostly camping gear. I live in Brisbane, but the best thing about Australia is you can drive for two hours and feel like you're well away from civilisation.
Sometimes the city -- or more accurately, its people -- gets a bit much for me, so every so-often I bugger off over the Range and into the Granite Belt, or southwest into the New South Wales hinterland where I can get lost for days or even weeks and not see another human soul. It's magic.
I've got family around the place -- parents in rural Victoria, a brother and a sister in Melbourne -- but I don't see them much. It's not that we don't get along, it's just everyone's busy with their own lives, you know? Plus, if I'm being honest, they're a bit boring. I love them, but it's true. They see me as the 'Wild Child,' the 'different' one that won't settle down and have a horde of kids and work for forty years in a job you hate. I know what you're thinking: how appealing that lifestyle sounds.
I dunno 'bout you, but to me they're as crazy as cut snakes, and I'm the sane one. No lifelong commitments for me, thanks. I can do what I like, when I like, and that's the way I like it. Sometimes I look at Dad and I see a glimmer in his eyes when I talk about my last trip. He always wants to know where I went, who I met -- particularly women -- and a thousand other details. I think he's living through me a bit, but there's also a light of remembrance in his eyes, as if he's been there before. Funny, but every time I've asked him what he used to get up to before he met Mum, he dodges a direct answer and says shit like: "I just sat around not knowing my elbow from my arsehole till your mum came and saved me."
Of course, that shit gets him a kiss and a cuddle from Mum, but she never sees the ghost of a wink that accompanies his words. All that aside, gotta hand it to the old man; he taught me everything I needed to know about the bush, and without that I wouldn't be able to do what I'm doing right now.
The Landcruiser roared as I shifted down to take the next hill. The place I'm headed to is bang in the guts of the New South Wales Hinterland, which seems to attract plenty of tourists, though I doubt any of 'em have ever seen as much of it as I have. The real beautiful spots are the hardest to get to, but if you know your way around...
That's why I picked Yarramalong, or at least, that's the closest inhabited place to where I was going, which was Mangrove Creek. It's a top spot right on a wide river that somehow actually has sandy shores, almost like an inland beach. I've camped there for weeks on end and seen not a soul. Rest assured I wore very little the entire time, being on my own as I was. I've gotta admit; I'm a bit of a nudist at heart. It's one of the reasons I like getting away.
There's not much to do in Yarramalong, but I pulled in to the café on the main road to stretch my legs, grab a bite to eat and stock up on bait 'n tackle. The café is a humble little place with half-a-dozen chairs and tables with the eatery at one end and the shop at the other. There's a thousand places just like it all over the country.
As I pushed through the hanging beads in the doorway, a familiar voice hailed me. "Hey, Dan! Been a while!"
I smiled at Dolly, the rotund woman behind the counter with her graying hair up in a bun. "Good to see you, Dolly!" I said warmly. "Thought I'd stop in for one of those pies. You still make 'em?"
"Sure do," Dolly said. "Just one? Travellin' alone again?"
"Yep," I replied. "Just me, just the way I like it."
Dolly grinned and shook her head, then boldly eyed me up and down. She was never a shy woman, was old Dolly. "When are you gonna find a nice young woman, Dan? Handsome bloke like you shouldn't be having trouble in the love department."
"Trust me, Dolly," I told her with a grin of my own. "I've had enough trouble in the love department for the time being."
"No one special, then?"
I shook my head firmly. "Nope. And not lookin' either." I walked off a few steps to the bait freezer and slid the door open to select a few packets of worms. I stacked them on the glass top of the chest.
"You might've changed your tune if you'd been here a minute ago." Dolly's voice had a tinge of amusement to it, as if she knew a joke that she was keeping to herself.
I kept my eyes on what I was doing, though my interest was piqued. "And why's that, Dolly?" I asked, trying not to sound too curious.
"The woman that was in here earlier. If she wasn't the sort to get a bloke thinkin' about love, then nobody could." I picked out a packet of prawns, which weren't ideal for river fishing, but you never knew your luck. Dolly kept talking. "She had the sort of body that makes men turn 'round, if you know what I mean. Long, blonde hair and nice big tits, the way you men like 'em."
I couldn't hold back a chuckle at Dolly's frankness. "Thanks for the detailed description, Dolly." I said as I closed the freezer and gathered my bait. "Just another backpacker or tourist I imagine?" There was no shortage of them, but they rarely came this far out. Still, I'd had my share of flings with liberally-minded European or American tourists over the years.
"Nope," Dolly said firmly. "This one's a local, or says she's going to be, anyway. She bought some land near here, she says."
I shrugged. "Best of luck to her, I reckon. It's paradise out here. I only wish there was enough work in places like this for me to live here too."
Dolly nodded as she reached for a paper bag and the tongs to pull a pie from the cabinet window. "Too right, Dan. So where you headed this time?"
I waggled an admonishing finger at the older woman. "Uh-uh Dolly. You know I never tell anyone where I'll be exactly. Next thing I know, my whole campsite will be full of tourists invading my serenity."
Dolly slid the pie into the bag with a little more force than was perhaps necessary. "You know it's stupid, Dan, not telling anyone where you're gonna be. What if a snake gets you? Or you break your leg or something? How's anyone supposed to help?"
She was right. It was a dumb thing to do, but for me, that was all part of the adventure. No lifelines or fail safes. Just me and the wild. But Dolly had a point, and I was feeling a little guilty. "Okay, look," I began, spreading my hands placatingly. "I'll give you this one. But only because you remind me of one of my aunties who used to give me a hard time."
I grabbed a map from the rack near the counter and quickly found Mangrove Creek. Dolly handed me a marker and I circled my best guess at where exactly I'd end up; right on the water. Mangrove Creek looks a bit like a giant 'E' from above, and I was going right in there, as far from the road as you could get and not be physically in the water.
Dolly grunted. "So that's your little hideaway, ey?" She started stuffing the bait into a plastic bag.
"Yep," I grinned. "Been there three times, now. It's a winner." I pulled out some money and paid for the stuff. "Well, see ya on the way out, Dol!"
"I'll be here," Dolly replied kindly. "Have fun, Dan."
As I pushed through the beads on my way out, I nearly bumped into someone. "Oh! Excuse me!" A warm, feminine voice said. The voice belonged to an attractive woman, maybe a couple of years older than me, with long coffee hair and a very well-rounded figure clad in a red summer dress that dipped low enough at the neck to hint at a resplendent pair of tits. I couldn't see her eyes behind her expensive-looking sunglasses, but her white teeth flashed behind her friendly smile.
"No problem," I said, returning the smile. "I was so excited about getting some fishing done I didn't look."
"Ooh, fishing!" She exclaimed. "Where are the good spots around here? I'm new to town, so I'm keeping my ears open." Her accent was definitely not country. I was guessing city girl by the clothes, the sunnies and the way she spoke well. There was also a black Lexus convertible parked nearby that hadn't been there before.
"Well that's just the thing," I replied, not being able to resist the urge to tease her a little. "I don't want to reveal the secret spots, 'cause then everyone will know and it won't be secret anymore."
She chuckled, and her smile deepened. "Fair enough, mate. I'll leave you to your secret fishing. Maybe I'll run into you out there anyway."
I shook my head. "I doubt that. I like to get as far away from civilization as I bloody well can."
"I don't blame you, you know," the pretty woman replied. She lifted her sunnies up onto her head, revealing stunning brown eyes. She was wearing light make-up, not over-done. With a face like hers, she hardly needed it. "You're not the only one that's had enough of people." She put a hand out. "Cassie."
"Dan," I said, taking her offered hand. "What brings you out to the cultural hub that is Yarramalong?"
My facetiousness brought a tinkling laugh out of Cassie. "I'm looking to buy some land out here," she replied, looking out past the road and waving at the green mountains surrounding the buildings. "Somewhere quiet and out the back end of forever suits me just fine."
"Well, you're in the right place, I suppose," I told her. Hadn't Dolly just said a blond woman was looking to buy out here, too? Well, it's not unheard of for city people to make a change, and two attractive women in the same small town on the same morning could also be coincidence, couldn't it? Bloody well had to be; if Cassie walked into the local pub on any day of the week, half the punters would drop off their stools like ripe mangoes! "Well, Cassie," I said with my best smile. "It's been a pleasure to meet you, but I must be off while I still have enough daylight, or I won't be able to find my secret spot!"
"Righto, Dan," Cassie chuckled. "Maybe I'll see you again?"
I'd started to turn away as she spoke, and I almost stopped at the question in her tonality. I'd heard it enough times before to know that she was hinting that she wanted to see me again, and she wanted me to ask her for coffee or something. Instead, I kept going, but smiled over my shoulder. "Who knows?" I returned playfully. "Maybe!" Opening the driver's door of the 'Cruiser I tossed my bait and my pie onto the passenger seat. As I climbed up, I offered some advice. "Good luck with your land, Cassie. And don't take any shit from Dolly in there! She's a cheeky one!"
Not trusting myself to stay in Cassie's presence any longer, I turned over the engine and backed out onto the road. 'No, Dan!' I scolded myself. 'No women, at least for a while. You know what happens. They complicate shit.'
I definitely did not look at my rearview mirror to see Cassie still standing on the front step of the café, watching me drive off. And I definitely did not almost turn around and go back under the pretense I'd forgotten something. Definitely not.
*
Once I'd crossed the several streams and gullies and traversed the rainforest that separates Mangrove Creek from the rest of the world, there was just enough sun left to get everything done. My tent was up and I'd erected a nice big awning off the front beneath which sat my chair, a foldable camp table and my portable fridge. Around the awning I hung up my mozzie nets on the three exposed sides to keep the mozzies and midgies from draining me dry.
The fire was blazing away just outside the awning, and I already had a lamb roast sizzling in the camp oven suspended above the flames on a tripod. Not ten metres away was the shore of Mangrove Creek itself, which was really more like a massive lake fed by several creeks in the area. In the daytime you could see the far side, but you needed binoculars to see anything clearly.
I was just about ready to park my arse in my chair and do a bit of reading, but one thing came first: rule number one of camping -- no clothes unless you absolutely have to! In no time I was starkers and relaxing in my chair by the fire, a cold stubbie in one hand and the book I was currently reading -- the Barenaked Investor -- in my other. Investing in property is something I've been wanting to do for a while, so I've been reading up as much as I can.
I read until the lamb was done, then I tucked in. Once dinner was finished, I went back to the book and enjoyed a couple more beers before retiring for the night. This was my life for the next few weeks, and I was bloody happy about that. I settled into my sleeping bag with a smile on my face.
*
Next morning, I was up early. I'm a morning guy, and I like being up with the sun. The embers in the firepit were still smoldering, so I chucked some leaves and twigs on and with a couple of puffs she was going again. I hung a billy up and threw a handful of tea leaves in before I turned to the lake. The sun hadn't cleared the mountains yet, so the lake was still shaded as I headed over to take a morning dip. It was late September and the weather was heating up slowly, but the mountains were still fresh at night and in the morning, not getting hotter till later in the day. The water felt bloody wonderful to me. Crisp and refreshing. Being New South Wales, there was no fear of getting snatched by a croc like what happens in the north, and Mangrove Creek never seemed to have any leeches, either, which was a welcome surprise.
Taking a breath, I submerged fully to wet my hair, and when I came up, the sound of a woman clearing her throat turned me back toward my campsite. Thankful that I was up to my neck in the water, I stared in surprise at the slender blond woman standing on the shore in denim shorts and a white tee shirt that strained over her impressive tits. The ties of a white bikini top were knotted behind her neck. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail and a pair of sunnies rested on her head. She looked between thirty and thirty-five, at a guess.
"Uh, g'day," I said awkwardly.
"Hello," she said in response, her blue eyes regarding me seriously. "I don't mean to be rude, but you're camping on my land."
"Your land?" I knew there was a confused look on my face.
She nodded. "As of last week. The state government released new areas for sale and I bought several hundred acres, including very spot." Her accent was precise and cultured, like Cassie's, though I was willing to bet she was from another city. Adelaide, maybe.
As for my accent, well I can sound pretty lowbrow if I don't watch it, so I tried my best to sound civilized. "Look, I'm sorry. I've been coming here the past three years. I didn't know the land had been sold." Wait, several hundred acres? This chick must be loaded!
Surprisingly, she waved a hand dismissively. "Forget about it. It'll be ages before I do anything with it, probably. My ex-husband and his mates will be begging me to put some huge development here and sell it to them, but I haven't made up my mind yet."
I nodded slowly. "Fair enough. How'd you get out here, anyway? I always pick this spot 'cause it's so hard to find."
She smiled. "You chose well. I would never have known you were here except that I saw your fire last night. I'm camped on the next point over." The lake was surrounded by small points of land, like fingers reaching into the water, some of which were ideal for camping. "To help facilitate the sale process," the woman continued. "The government made some easy-going temporary tracks that lead to key features of the land. One such trail leads pretty much to my campsite, which means all I needed was a four-by-four and half a brain."
I grinned at that. She was confident, and I liked her sense of humour. "Well then, I guess we're neighbours," I said. So much for solitude, but the presence of a pretty woman soothed the burn significantly. "I'd get out and shake your hand, but I'm uh, in the middle of my morning bath."
She chuckled. "I noticed. What's the water like?"
"Bloody wonderful," I said honestly. "It's a little cool, but I find it refreshing." I decided to take a gamble. "Care to join me?" I asked, flashing my best grin.
The busty blond studied me for a moment. "Are you a serial killer, neighbour? Are you gonna Mick Taylor me if I get in?"
I laughed and raised my hands in a non-threatening manner. "You're safe with me, I promise. Besides, this is Mangrove Creek, not Wolf Creek. And my name's not Mick. It's Dan. Dan Simonds."
"Alright, Dan Simonds. I'll take a quick dip. I've got two friends on their way to my camp, but they're a few hours away yet, so all good." Smart woman, to let me know she had friends coming, just in case I turned out to be a psycho after all. She reached for the hem of her tee shirt, and I suddenly found myself filled with that sense of anticipation that only comes when a beautiful woman is about to take her clothes off. "I'm Robyn, by the way."
"Nice to meet you, Robyn," I murmured as she peeled her top off and let it drop to the sand. She had a great body. Flat tummy, nice hips, a slender waist and tits that exploded out from her chest. The bikini was modest enough, but it was perhaps a size too small, and creamy flesh struggled against the white fabric. Surprisingly, she seemed to have a solid tan with no lines that I could see. Nude sunbather?
Just at that moment, the sun broke the tree line to the east, and Robyn was silhouetted by a golden nimbus as she went for the button on her shorts. I'm not a perv -- well, no more than any other red-blooded bloke around -- but my breath hitched as she bent forward to push her shorts down her long legs.
Despite myself -- and the cool water -- I started to crack a fat one. This was the hottest woman I'd ever seen up-close in a bikini, bar none. What happened next just about made me choke. With a cheeky wink, Robyn reached for the tie of her bikini top and pulled. Time slowed down as the strings fell first, followed by the cups, to reveal a perfect pair of what had to be natural D-cups at the least, all natural and sitting proud and firm on her chest. Not a tan line in sight on her lightly browned skin. Yep, nude sunbather. A woman after my own heart.
Acting as if she were doing nothing out of the ordinary -- and maybe she wasn't, at that -- Robyn whipped off her bottoms and strode forward into the lake. Only the faintest strip of hair was visible above her pussy, which was otherwise bare. "Ah!" She sighed as she submerged herself to the neck and waded around a little. "That's brilliant!"
"Can't beat it," I croaked, hoping my voice didn't crack like a pubescent boy's. What the fuck was wrong with me? I'd fucked plenty of girls and none of them had ever made me nervous! 'Pull your head in, Dan!' I told myself. There was just something about Robyn's manner, confident and yet easy-going. It was nice to be with a hot woman who didn't have her head up her arse.
"I saw your book," Robyn said as she paddled around lazily. Unfortunately, the water hid everything from her shoulders down, so I was denied for the time being.
Book? Oh, right. "Yeah I'm about halfway through. I've been reading up on real estate lately, just out of interest."
"You gonna be the next naked investor?" She asked playfully.
"Doubt it," I replied truthfully. "Just seeing what's around, you know? Speaking of, how did you get into the game? I'm betting this wasn't your first buy."
The sun was truly upon us, now, and Robyn squinted a little against the glare. It was bright, but not unpleasant. "My ex-husband is a developer, one who's done quite well for himself. I learned a lot from him; he was great at real estate, just not so good at relationships." She paused for a moment, as if she was going to stop there, but then she continued. "We divorced about a year ago and settled all the financial stuff pretty easily. He always insisted I have plenty of assets under my name, and for that I'm grateful. Thanks to him, I own a few things here and there, and I've picked up a few more assets recently."
I nodded. "Sounds like you're on top of it, Robyn. It's nice to hear someone had a divorce that didn't turn ugly."
"It had its moments, don't you worry. But overall, it was as good as it could be, I think." She smiled again and asked me about my life, and I found myself telling her much more than I intended to. There was something real about this chick that I wasn't used to. We'd only just met, but she was being honest and open with me, as if we'd been friends for years. Maybe there was something in the water?
I told her about past girls, and the failed relationships due to my aversion to settling down. I told her about my work in I.T., and what it's like in Brisbane. I even told her about my proclivity for nudism! I must've talked for a good fifteen or twenty minutes before I ran out of steam. I wondered what she'd have to say to all that. Would I get another lecture from a woman who thinks I should get married or whatever? Would she think I was weird for wanting to escape people so much?
All Robyn said was: "Sounds like you're exactly where you're meant to be, Dan."
What the fuck did that mean? Suddenly I realised that while I'd been talking, Robyn and I had drifted closer together. There was maybe a metre of water between us, if that, and her sky-blue eyes were drawing me in like a mozzie to a zapper. I had the sudden overpowering urge to put my hands on her waist, to pull her closer, to...
"Dan?" Her voice interrupted my thoughts. "I think your billy's boiling."
My fuckin' billy was boiling all right, and I don't mean the tea. But she was right, the billy was whistling shrilly over the fire. "Shit, so it is," I grumbled as I regretfully pulled away and made for the shore. "Want a cup?" I asked, turning back to Robyn. For a moment, I panicked, realising I was stark naked with the water only coming up to my knees, but then I figured Robyn and I were already over the nudity hurdle, so I relaxed. Besides, the sun felt great on my skin after the cold water. It had been ages since I'd been naked in the sun.
"Nice manscaping!" She remarked, giving me a thumbs-up and a wink. "And yes to tea!"
I looked down at my privates and grinned. My somewhat shriveled-from-the-cold-water old fella was protruding from close-trimmed pubes. My balls I kept shaved, 'cause I like the feelng. "I like to keep things under control down there, you know?"
"I know how you feel!" She replied, wading over and stepping up to the bank. I tried not to gawk as her body emerged, wet and dripping and shimmering in the morning light. Her tits jiggled hypnotically as she walked onto the sand.
I found some words. "I could grab us some towels, but I usually like to dry off in the sun. Your call."
"Sun sounds good," she said as she wrung excess water from her hair. I got busy pouring the tea, luckily finding a spare tin cup in my kitchen box. Looking out from under the tent's awning, I saw Robyn standing with her back to me, warming her hands over the fire. She looked as good from behind as she did from the front, and my old fella twitched as my eyes roamed over those straight shoulders and down her slim back. She had dimples above her arse, and what an arse it was! She was a slender woman, but she still had hips, and her arse was plump and ripe, not too big to be fat, yet enough to be an excellent handful.
She glanced over her shoulder and caught me staring. There was a knowing glint in her eye. "All good there, champ? You know how to pour tea into a cup, right?"
I cleared my throat and filled the cups, and soon we were sitting side-by-side on the sand, looking out over the lake. There was no wind today, and the water was like glass, unbroken save for the odd tortoise coming up for air or a fish jumping for a dragonfly.
We chatted for a long time and I even forgot about the fact we were naked. It felt pretty natural, really. The more I got to know her, the more I liked her. She was from a good family, who all lived back in Adelaide -- I was right about her accent! - and got married pretty young at twenty-two to a driven fella who wanted to make plenty of money while he was young. Turns out Robyn did a lot of study while her husband was out conquering the property market, and she'd majored in environmental science with minors in conservation and sustainability.
Hearing that last bit, I had to bring up the thing that was bothering me most about Robyn's presence here. "So, you really think you might develop all this?" I asked, gesturing to the lake and surrounding mountains.
To my relief, Robyn shook her head. "I don't think so," she replied. "The more I think about it, the less I want to disturb it. It's pretty amazing country, out here."
"Yep, it is," I said quietly. "I'm not a greenie or anything, but how could you improve on what's already here? It's perfect the way it is. I think I like it because no people have come and fucked it all up yet, but I suppose it was only a matter of time. No offense."
Rather than take umbrage, Robyn looked at me curiously. "What would you do with it, Dan? If you were me?"
That was a no-brainer. "I'd leave it just like it is, and camp here whenever I wanted. Maybe build a house, but nothing that would fuck with the environment too much, you know?"
Robyn nodded thoughtfully. "These friends of mine that are coming here, they're coming to see if they could see themselves living in Mangrove Creek permanently. As am I."
I nodded sadly, more than a little disappointed. "Fair enough. I know how the world works. People wanna live where they wanna live, and money has to be made. I get it."
"I don't think you do, Dan," Robyn said gently. "What if I told you that my friends are like you and me in that they prefer the solitude of nature, and that they would rather be naked than clothed?" That caught me up short. And what she said next even more so. "We also have more... liberal attitudes toward other things, too, if you know what I mean, and it would be nice to live the way we like without having to hide it."
Well, there were only so many things she could mean by 'liberal attitudes,' and I didn't come down in the last shower. If she was talking about swinging, my adventurous side was piqued.
"I have a vision for this place, Dan," Robyn said earnestly. "And I feel like I can trust you, but I don't want to complicate things for you. I'll understand if you want to be left alone, but I'd love it if you came to meet my friends later. You'd actually make a great tour guide, knowing the area like you do."
I found myself nodding agreement, which is exactly the opposite of what I intended, but I couldn't make myself take it back. "Okay, I'm game," I said with a grin. "I've got nothing on for the next few weeks at least, so we might as well see where this goes, ey?"
"Good," she said, holding out a hand. "To new opportunities."
I took her hand, and felt a spark as we touched for the first time. I saw Robyn's eyes widen slightly, and I knew my own must be mirroring them. I suddenly felt warmer, and it wasn't just the sun.
"Dan," she said quietly, her eyes threatening to drown me. Had I said they were sky-blue? Nah, they were more like turquoise, or some exotic colour other women wish they had. She started to say something, but I was already leaning in. I didn't know everything about women, but I knew enough to know when one wanted to be kissed, and if I was wrong about this one, I'd walk backwards to Burke bare-arsed.
Our lips met, and Robyn kissed me back hard, her tongue seeking mine eagerly. I went with it, giving back as good as I got, until I felt pressure against my shoulders. Was she pushing me off? Had I made a mistake?
Nope, she was just pushing me onto my back so she could throw a leg over me. A long, silky, leg. She kept me firmly on my back with her hands on my chest as she straddled me, the sun catching in her golden hair. My rigid cock was trapped between our bodies, and I could feel her wet heat resting against it, making me ache to be inside her. My hands moved on their own accord and came up to cup those magnificent tits, soft and heavy, yet firm.
Robyn sighed as I gently palmed her breasts. "I haven't had a man touch me for far too long."
"I'm happy to help you make up for lost time, darlin," I offered generously.
She nodded eagerly. "Let's do that! But one thing first; you're safe, right? I don't have any rubbers with me." She looked down at me seriously. Though her face was a little flushed from her excitement, I could tell this was important to her.
I respected that. It's amazing how many birds I've had to walk away from because they wouldn't let me grab a rubber first, or they wouldn't tell me if they were safe. "Yep, I'm safe," I answered honestly. "Haven't had anyone since my last girlfriend, and we both got checked when we got together."
"Thank fuck," she breathed. "I was really hoping you'd say that. I'm safe too, and my tubes are tied, so you can cum wherever you want." She punctuated that last comment with a wink, and my cock jumped in anticipation of blowing a hot load inside this gorgeous creature.
Robyn lifted herself up slightly and reached between us to angle my rod at the right place. She locked eyes with me as she lowered herself down. I was surprised at how wet she was; I slid in with barely a pause. "Oh, fuck!" She moaned as she came to rest, her arse sitting on my thighs. "Let me just enjoy that for a moment."
I hadn't taken my hands off her tits, and I didn't feel the need to. "Use me as you see fit, darlin," I said happily.
Suddenly she frowned and looked up at the sky. "What time do you think it is? It can't be midday yet, can it?"
That's right, her friends were coming to her campsite! I took a gander at the sun. "Nah, it's gotta be close to eleven, though."
"Fuck it, we should've started this earlier!" Robyn groaned as she began to grind her hips against me, stirring my cock in her delicious pussy. "I knew I wanted to fuck you almost right away, did you know that?"
I tried to laugh, but the sound got tangled with a groan of pleasure as she picked up the pace. Her arse was slapping down my thighs, now, and I let her tits go so I could grab a hold of that beautiful derriere while I thrust upwards with gusto. I found a hard nipple in front of my face and caught it in my mouth, nibbling and sucking to my heart's content.
Robyn seemed to like it. "Dan, I want you to shoot your load in me. I want your hot cum," she moaned as she rode me like Phar Lap's jockey. She sat up straight and really got into it, bucking wildly until I thought my dick might break off, but I didn't care. It would be worth it anyway.
I seized her hips as I felt my balls begin to boil, and that hot tension rise deep in my belly. Robyn seized her own tits and rode harder, her pussy clenching my cock in a warm, slippery vice. A bellow ripped free of me as I came, a primal sound that silenced the local wildlife and echoed off the mountains as my cock began to erupt.
Robyn shrieked her own release, her body twitching sporadically. Her hands came down to my chest to support herself while she convulsed, her heavy breasts swinging down, the nipples grazing my chest.
My cock fired its last jet, but Robyn kept me where I was. She was slowly descending, the moans deteriorating into whimpers as she came to rest on my chest, her head on my shoulder. She was still trembling, though less dramatically.
I'd never seen a woman cum like this before! Sure, I'd seen many of them have an orgasm at some point, but Robyn was like a firework! I put my arms around her and squeezed her gently. She felt good in my arms.
"Mmm," she murmured. "That was just what I needed. Thanks, Dan."
"Thank you," I returned. "That was something."
Robyn propped herself up on her elbows. They were resting on my chest, but she wasn't heavy. She looked me in the eyes. "It really was, wasn't it? I wish we had time to do it again."
I lifted my head slightly to kiss her. "From the sounds of it, we'll have heaps of time. Now don't we have to go meet your friends?"
Reluctantly we disengaged, my cock coming free of Robyn's body followed by a healthy deposit of my swimmers. She laughed as she got to her feet, looking down at the mess pooled around my groin. "Quick wash first?"
Back to the water we went, cleaning ourselves off while trying not to get too distracted kissing and touching each other. Once done, I pulled on my shorts and a singlet, and Robyn donned her too-small bikini top and stepped into those little denim shorts, which molded her arse wonderfully. The bikini bottoms she tossed at me, and I snagged them out of the air, shooting a questioning look at the gorgeous blonde.
"Got a reason to come back, if I leave them here," she said with a wink. "As if I didn't have enough reason already."
I grinned. "I'll keep them safe!" I stuffed them into the back pocket of my boardies. "I was half-expecting you to say we should go meet them nude," I confessed as I looked for my thongs.
"I wouldn't have a drama with that," Robyn said. "But for the walk back it might pay to have at least some clothes on. Also, while Claire and Rick might enjoy being naked, they might appreciate some more 'conventional' introductions first."
I shrugged. "They're your friends, darlin.' It's your call. I'm happy to go with the flow."
Robyn sat to pull on an expensive-looking pair of tennis shoes that I hadn't noticed before. They must've been new, 'cause they were still pure white. Who wears fancy shoes like that in the bush?
The walk back to Robyn's camp was only about fifteen minutes or so, and she had a good head for remembering where she'd been. I had no issues following her, keeping one eye on the surrounding scrub and another on that fantastic arse swaying back and forth as she walked. We only stopped twice for a steamy kiss and a bit of fondling, and when we got to Robyn's camp it was pretty much bang on midday, judging by the sun and the shadows.
I stepped into the small clearing with my mouth open, staring. "Did you buy all of this just for this trip?" Like my campsite, this one was set up near the water, with the tent facing west, at the lake. A massive dome tent dominated the clearing, easily capable of sleeping fifteen bodies. A big marquee sat in front of the tent, which was connected to the tent's front flap, and under the marquee was a generator, a camp fridge, a table big enough for six with high-end camp chairs. Basically, Robyn had the works.
"Pretty much," she said matter-of-factly. "I already knew camping from my youth, but it had been ages since I'd gone. It was fun to go and get some new shit!"
"How did you get it all here?" I asked dumbly, stepping over to peer inside the tent, which was plenty high enough to stand upright in. Not hearing an answer, I turned to see Robyn pointing off through the trees to the east, away from the water. I followed her finger with my eyes to where a big black Landcruiser was parked, somewhat obscured by the casuarinas. So taken with the camp was I, that I had missed the car entirely.
"Fair enough," I said. I was even more impressed by Robyn that I had been earlier. Why is it that she turns up in my life right when I've sworn off girls for the immediate future? Fuck knows.
"The trail stops right there, where the car is," Robyn explained. "So it was only a little heavy lifting to get the gear out and get set up."
"I gotta say, you know how to do things with style, Robyn. I'm impressed!" At that moment, the sound of an engine drifted through the trees, coming closer.
"Ah, that'll be Rick and Claire!" Robyn said excitedly. "Do me a favour, Dan? There's some beers in the fridge, if you wouldn't mind grabbing them?"
Happy to help, and feeling a little thirsty myself, I stepped beneath the marquee and opened the camp fridge. Chest-style, the door opened up like an esky lid. There was plenty of beers and heaps of food. I snatched up four Toohey's New cans and set them down on the table. There were coolers stashed in a box near the fridge, and I grabbed them; the day was heating up nicely.
I heard voices through the ever-present cadence of cicadas and grasshoppers and twelve different birds, and shortly after Robyn appeared, leading a fit-looking fella in jeans and a black tee shirt, and a downright sexy Asian girl wearing tight little gym shorts and a lycra top that left her midriff bare. Her hair was straight and black and cut in a bob.
"Guys, this is Dan," Robyn said with a smile. "Dan, this is Claire and Rick."
"G'day!" I greeted them, stepping forward to shake their hands. "Nice to meet you!" They returned the sentiment, and eagerly said yes when I offered them a beer.
"They're from Sydney," Robyn explained. "Claire is in sports fashion and Rick does... Well, I don't even think Claire knows what Rick does!"
I laughed. "Well now I just have to know!" I said, prodding Rick to tell more.
It's not as exciting as you might think," Rick told us, taking a beer from me. "People sometimes sell their businesses, and I help them, that's all."
"So modest, babe," Claire chided. She turned to me. "If you hear Rick tell it, you would think he really does nothing important at all, but you know that massive buyout that just happened between those insurance companies?" I nodded. You would have to be living under a rock in the Pilbara to not have heard about it. The biggest insurance mob in Australia got bought out by one of its competitors. "Well the whole thing was facilitated by this guy right here!"
"Wow," I said, looking at Rick. He was a good-looking bloke, smooth-shaven, and had a sharp haircut, short at the back and sides and kind of swept across on top. I'd seen guys with the same back home; it was the current fashion, if you cared about such things. "I dunno much about things like that, but that could not have been an easy job, mate."
Rick grimaced. "Fuckin' horrible job. Took more than three months of eighty-hour weeks, but we got there in the end. Luckily I have a good team." He ripped open his beer and took a long swig.
Claire pulled the tab on her own can, but didn't drink right away. "So, what about you, Dan?" She asked me. She had big brown eyes, full lips and a damn cute nose. I was trying to guess her heritage. Japanese maybe? She was surprisingly chesty for an Asian. Not a patch on Robyn's impressive bust, but still, nothing to sneeze at. I tried not to look too much.
"I take I.T. contracts mostly," I replied. "Keeps me busy about nine months of the year. I usually do fresh setups for new companies, or help existing ones to restructure. Pretty boring stuff, really."
"Maybe for some people," Robyn said. "But no business could survive without a good I.T. guy."
Claire had another question. "So, Robyn says she just met you, is that true?"
"Ah, yeah," I replied truthfully. "That's true. She busted me camping on her land."
Rick and Claire both laughed at that. "Well, it hasn't been her land for long, as I take it," Rick said. "So I imagine you didn't know it had changed hands?"
I nodded and knocked cans with him. "Very true. I've been here three or four times before, and I love the spot. So secluded, you know?"
"We've been looking for a place like this for ages," Rick said, smiling at Claire. "But they're so hard to find, and getting harder."
"But it looks like Robyn may have solved that problem for us," Claire added, grinning at Robyn. They shared a look, and something unspoken passed between them, though I couldn't put my finger on it. Whatever it was, they both smiled slightly at each other before resuming the conversation.
"As soon as I found this place, I thought of you two," Robyn said warmly. "And just so you know, Dan's cool. I may have only just met him, but I can tell he'll fit right in with us."
Both Rick and Claire gave me appraising glances. Claire spoke first. "If Robyn says you're cool, mate, then you're cool."
"Welcome to the club," Rick said, knocking his can against mine again.
"Thanks," I returned. "Were you being literal? Are you guys in an actual club?" My mind was spinning with ideas of what sort of 'club' people like Robyn and her friends would be into, but I squashed them before I got too excited over nothing. It was probably a fuckin' tennis club or something. But then, Robyn did say she and her mates were liberally minded. Whatever that meant. Fuck, I hope they're not some obscure-but-fanatical political movement.
Rick's mouth quirked in the beginnings of a knowing smile, and the women mirrored him, though they took a drink to hide it. "Well, it's not an official club, really," he began. "It kind of just happened, and then... Well, you'll see mate."
Just as I was about ask more, Robyn jumped in. "Who's hungry?" Everyone nodded, especially me, since I'd chosen sex over breakfast. "Well, I brought a shitload of food, and I reckon we should have a barby. All keen?"
There were more head nods, and we all scrambled to help Robyn put lunch together. I got the fire going and found a hot plate with legs to straddle the firepit. After a minute, Rick came over with a plate of steaks and a basket packed with oil and tongs and everything else I'd need.
"Thanks mate," I said, taking the stuff from him. He also had a fresh beer for me. Legend.
We grabbed a couple of chairs and got settled while the girls did their thing in the marquee. We chatted for a bit while I tended the grill. Small talk, mainly. I noticed Rick didn't like going on about his work; he seemed more interested in what I did, but I had the same problem. I was good at my job, but it was boring and I only did it for the coin. Naturally, the conversation turned to things other than work.
"So how long you and Claire been together?" I asked Rick.
"About two years," he replied. "She's a great girl. Heaps of fun. She's also a pretty gun businesswoman. Her clothing line is going off at the moment." When I asked him about the clothing label, he told me which one it was.
Yep, Claire was the owner of one of the biggest sporting fashion labels in the country. Fuck, what kind of world had I fallen into? Was James fucking Packer about to stroll into camp with Sia on one arm and Naomi Watts on the other? Shaking my head, I pushed myself out of my chair and asked Rick if he wanted another beer, to which he said yes. Taking his empty, I made for the marquee, where I could see Robyn and Claire standing close together and whispering. Their backs were to me as they worked on making some sort of salad. I admired their arses for a moment, Robyn's lush globes in denim against Claire's smaller, perkier buns in tight lycra.
Claire looked over her shoulder and noticed me approaching, and the conversation suddenly stopped. So, they were talking about me, were they? "Beer, ladies? I'm getting freshies."
Robyn turned and flashed me a grin. "Yes thanks!"
I delivered the beers and headed back to the fire, and the girls had resumed their whispering as soon as I was clear of the marquee. As I settled in my chair, Rick asked me a question. "So, Dan, have you figured out yet what Robyn, Claire and I all have in common?"
I shook my head as I handed him his beer. "Apart from the fact that you're all kicking arse out in the world?"
Rick chuckled. "Aside from that, yes. I want to tell you, but I also like the idea of letting you figure it out for yourself. I find it hilarious seeing the look's on people's faces when the penny drops."
"Please don't tell me you're all Mormons or something," I blurted. Fuck, what if they were? Good job Dan, go and offend the people that have been nothing but nice to you.
"Ha!" Rick laughed. "No mate, no religious connections between us at all. If you want a clue, look behind you."
I turned to see where Rick had looked, and back in the marquee, Robyn and Claire were engaged in a very passionate kiss. "Oh, fuck me," I breathed.
"That's the look!" Rick hooted, slapping his thigh. I had to laugh with him; I can imagine I looked like a stunned mullet. "And no, mate, I won't be fucking you, I'm into girls. But thanks for the offer." He burst out into more laughter, and I shook my head at him, though I was smiling.
"Fuck you, Rick the Prick," I grumbled good-naturedly, which only made him laugh harder.
"What's so funny?" Robyn asked as she came over. Her bikini top looked a little crooked, and her nipples were denting the white fabric.
"Dan's just figured out our secret," Rick explained once he'd settled down.
"Ah," Robyn said, smiling at me. "You all good, Dan? Some people accept it, others don't, or can't. Whatever works for you is perfect." Claire came up beside Robyn and stood with an arm around the taller woman's waist, smiling at me encouragingly.
My thoughts arranged themselves very quickly, despite the light fuzz in my head from three beers on an empty stomach. Three successful but genuinely nice people, two of them stunning girls, one of which I'd fucked this morning, and they're swingers. Huh. My cock wanted me to jump in, no doubt about it. I had some questions, though. "How many people are in this particular circle of friends?" I asked, looking at Robyn, Claire and Rick in turn.
"Aside from us, there are a few more," Rick answered. "Sometimes people stop hanging out, and sometimes new people come along. There's never been more than ten or so at any one time, I don't think." He looked to the girls for confirmation, and they nodded agreement. "Normally, we don't invite new people this quickly after meeting them, but Robyn says she reckons you're the real deal, and she's never wrong."
I looked to Robyn, who flashed me a radiant smile, and I couldn't help return it. "I imagine you guys keep these cards pretty close to your chests," I said, thinking out loud. "How do you stop this getting out? Surely your reputations would suffer if the public clued on?"
Robyn fielded this one. "We contain it by only inviting the right types. But someone did try and extort us last year, silly bastard."
"How did you handle it?" I asked out of curiosity.
"We know a lot of people," Claire said simply. "Let's just say the arsehole decided to back off after a phone call from one of the most feared barristers in Melbourne."
I chuckled. "Fair enough."
"On that note, Dan," Robyn added. "We do take our privacy seriously. I would love for you to hang out with us and help me with what I hope to do with Mangrove Creek. We would also ask that you sign a non-disclosure agreement, if that's okay."
It was a fair point. I wasn't personally offended; they've opened their world to me and they need to protect themselves. I'm a pretty good judge of character, and my gut was telling me these guys were being completely honest. Besides, an NDA was no big deal.
"Yeah, that's no drama," I told them. "I understand you've gotta protect yourselves. I can appreciate that."
"I'm so glad you said yes," Robyn purred. "I'll be right back!" At that, she disengaged from Claire and headed off to her tent. Claire headed back to the marquee to finish prepping lunch, and Rick and I resumed chatting while I turned the steaks one last time before piling them onto a plate. Robyn appeared as Rick and I entered the marquee, a manila folder in hand.
"Wow, you actually had an NDA here with you?" I asked incredulously.
"Always be prepared," Robyn said smugly. "Nah, I'm kidding. I have a portable printer here in case I need it for any work stuff. Fortunately, I have some NDA's tailored to our exact situation that I've used before. We just need to add your name and it's all good."
Rick and Claire served up the food while Robyn sat next to me at the table. She presented the form to me and waited patiently while I read it. It seemed pretty standard. I Daniel Simonds, wasn't to disclose any of the experiences or conversations shared with Robyn Sadler or her companions, including but not limited to Rick Foster and Claire Tanaka -- so she is Japanese! - or act in any way which compromises the privacy of aforementioned individuals, unless given express written permission by them. Under the same agreement, Robyn Sadler and any other listed individuals do declare that their actions in relation to Daniel Simonds will be fair and lawful, and will not require him to break the law either directly or indirectly, or cause harm to any person(s) directly or indirectly.
Yep, I was happy with that. Not only did it cover their bases, but it also protected me, further proving to me that these people were fairdinkum. Taking the pen from Robyn, I made my mark next to my name. Robyn signed it next, and then Rick and Claire, who had taken seats opposite Robyn and I across the table.
"Yay!" Claire exclaimed happily. "Glad to have you, Dan!" She raised her beer, and we all knocked cans together. After taking a long pull, the cute Japanese girl promptly stood and whipped off her lycra sports top, exposing her surprisingly full breasts to us all. I reckon I would probably only just fit those beauties in my hands, round and firm and capped by dark brown nipples that stood out proudly. "Ah, that's so much better!" She exclaimed happily as she bent to peel her bottoms down. When she straightened, I could see her bald slit as she stood unabashedly in front of me, as if to say: "here's my body, do you like what you see?"
I did. Claire sat down and Robyn got up next, removing her bikini top and shimmying out of those denim shorts, until she was as gloriously naked as Claire. She resumed her seat next to me and squeezed my thigh with her hand. This was proving to be an interesting day, indeed. As hungry as I was, all thoughts of food were forgotten as my eyes travelled from Robyn to Claire, enjoying being able to look at two gorgeous naked women so effortlessly.
"Whaddya say, Dan?" Rick chimed in, setting his can of New down. "The girls have set a good standard. Should we follow their lead?"
I shrugged, thankful that I'd had a few cans for a bit of Dutch courage. "Sure," I said blandly, rising with more confidence than I really felt.
Robyn and Claire clapped their hands excitedly as Rick stood too. As one, we doffed our tops. Rick was a pretty fit bloke, but nothing ridiculous. I was no gym-junkie, but I do like to run and swim, so it keeps me more or less in shape. Before I could give myself time to think about it, I hooked my thumbs into the band of my boardies and pushed down as Rick unfastened his jeans.
"Very nice, Dan!" Claire beamed as she looked me over. I gotta say, it did feel good to have an appreciative audience. I grinned back at Claire, then looked down suddenly when I felt a warm hand encircle my dick.
"Do you like his manscaping?" Robyn asked as she fondled me a bit.
Whatever Claire was saying was lost to me as I turned and saw Rick stepping out of his jeans. "What the fuck is that?" I asked, almost in a shout. I wasn't shouting. I wasn't, but hanging between Rick's legs was a fucking monster. I didn't have any problems with my own tackle, but fuckin' hell!
"This," Claire said as she reached up to grasp Rick's cock. "Is little Rick."
"Little Rick," I murmured, shaking my head. I actually laughed. "Mate, you're not even hard and her hand doesn't even get all the way around it. How do you fit that inside her?"
"Oh, don't worry about me," Claire said confidently. She kept her eyes on me while she idly tugged her boyfriend's dick. "I make it work."
I looked down at Robyn, who was eyeing Rick's junk with a fond look on her face. "I assume you've wrestled this monster as well?" I asked her.
Robyn laughed at my phrasing, and released my cock, which had rapidly inflated under her attention. "Yep, many a time."
I shook my head again in disbelief. "Well, hats off to you girls, and hats off to you, Rick, for having the strength to lug that thing around all day every day."
Everyone chuckled again, and I sat down. Rick enjoyed a few more seconds of Claire's stroking before he sat too. "Now that we're all naked and horny," Robyn began. "How about we get lunch out of the way and then see where the afternoon takes us?"
A better idea had never been spoken. The food was already plated up at one end of the table, so in no time we were tucking in to a pretty good meal. The girls had made up a salad with some feta and olives which was an excellent complement to the meat. We ate and drank and chatted for a bit, and soon I felt like I'd known these three for years instead of hours.
After lunch, I offered to clean up, and Claire jumped up to help me. Robyn and Rick said the water was looking good and they were headed in for a dip.
"We'll join you in a bit," Claire told them as she gathered plates while I put a pot of water on Robyn's gas cooker for washing up. Robyn's marquee area was set up with a kitchen area along one side, with everything laid out on a long table about waist height. "Now I know she's got a washtub here somewhere," Claire murmured as she bent down to look beneath the table, casually showing me her smooth pussy lips and puckered bum. My cock twitched as I watched her. "Ah, here we go!" Claire announced as she straightened. She was holding a round, white plastic tub. She placed the tub on the bench and looked at me for a moment.
"Water'll be ready soon," I said, looking back at her, enjoying the way her big brown eyes seemed to pull me in.
She stepped closer, until her nipples were almost touching my chest. "What would you like to do while we wait?" She asked softly.
Half a second later, I was kissing her, and my hands were holding her by her slim waist. She moaned into my mouth and kissed back, pressing her naked form against me and grinding her pelvis against my rapidly hardening cock. "Robyn told me," she began breathlessly, in between kisses. "How you fucked her this morning, right there in the open." More hot kissing. "It sounded so hot. Please tell me you wanna fuck me like that."
"I've wanted to fuck you like that since I first saw you," I growled, biting her plump lower lip. I spun her around, putting her back to me, and applied firm but gentle pressure to her shoulders, encouraging her to put her hands on the bench. She happily complied, wiggling her luscious arse back at me as I leaned over her, kneading her tits in my hands and nipping at her neck and shoulders. I ran a hand down her flat belly to the slit at the top of her thighs, and she willingly widened her stance to give me access.
I was delighted to find her already wet and ready, and her knees buckled slightly when I brushed my fingers over her hard little clit. "Just fuck me, Dan," Claire moaned. "I'm ready. Just fuck me."
Seeing no reason to delay, I bent my knees and lined myself up, feeling the heat of her pussy as my cockhead nudged against her lips. She pushed back insistently, and I put my hands on her hips to steady myself as her wet cunt began to swallow me whole. Fuck me, she was tight. It was like being gripped in a hot, wet vice. I bottomed out, my cock buried in Claire's pussy as far as it would go in this position, leaving maybe an inch of me free. Slowly, I began to thrust, being careful not to go too deep, but increasing the pace a little each time.
Claire arched her back and pressed back against me fearlessly. "Yes! God, that's good! I've been needing some cock ever since we got here!"
I happily offered Claire everything I had to sate her need, but I had a problem: her cunt was so hot and tight that I was racing toward orgasm at breakneck speed, despite the fact that I'd already come this morning with Robyn. It appeared to have made no difference. Claire had a magic pussy, and that was that.
I decided to change things up. I pulled out and turned Claire around. She squealed in delight as I picked her up by her perky arse and put her down on the bench facing me. Getting the hint, she grinned and leaned back on her elbows as she spread her thighs. Her pussy looked so good that I wanted to taste it before I fucked her again. I placed my hands on the table on either side of my lover and leaned down, planting kisses on the silky skin of her belly, her pelvis, her thighs, teasing her before running my tongue from her arse to her clit in one broad stroke.
Claire's hips bucked. "Shit, Dan! Do that again!"
I did. And then I went to town on her hot little snatch, exploring every fold with my lips and tongue. I flicked her clit back and forth, and then ran circles around it, using her sighs and moans to gauge where her sweet spots were. Soon enough, she was ready to come. She was now lying flat on her back, one hand tangled in my hair and pulling my face harder against her pussy, while her other hand mauled a breast, sometimes squeezing the soft flesh and sometimes pinching the hard nipple. I sucked her clit in between my lips and pressed my tongue against it more firmly than I had before, and Claire began to shake, her thighs closing around my ears as she found her release.
I waited patiently until she let me go, and I stood, my cock hard enough to cut diamonds and pointed directly at her cunt. "Fuck me, Dan," she cried, her hips moving in small circles and her hands kneading her tits. "Fuck me and then come all over me."
I seized her hips and drove forward, slipping back into that sweet channel. From this position I could go deeper, and I pushed until my balls were resting against her arse. "Fuck, you've got a tight pussy," I groaned as I began to thrust.
"Yeah? You like my tight cunt? Fuck it hard!" She was getting into it more and more, bucking her hips with each thrust until we were shaking the bench with our efforts. "I want your come all over my pussy!"
Fuck, that was a hot thought. Despite my short break, I quickly found myself approaching the gates again. Shit, might as well give the girl what she wants. "I'm gonna come!" I announced, grabbing Claire's thighs and pistoning into her with all my strength.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah!" She wailed, pushing herself up and watching my cock vanish and reappear between her slick nether lips. "Come for me, baby. Blow that hot jizz all over me!"
I couldn't take any more. With a roar, I pulled out and fisted my overstimulated pole, which immediately began to fire off, sending several jets of jism onto Claire's body, decorating her right tit, her belly and her pussy. Quite satisfactory, really.
To my delight, the Asian angel scooped up some of my come from her breast and sucked it into her mouth. "Mmm, tasty!"
Even though I'd just lost a load, my dick twitched at her performance. "That was fuckin' fun," I said with a grin.
Claire smiled back as she sat up straight. "It sure was," she agreed. "The great thing is, we'll be doing it a lot more, too!" She wound her arms around my neck and tilted her face up. I kissed her, not caring that she was smearing my come all over me as she pressed herself against close.
"You two having fun?" I turned to see Rick pushing through the fly-screen as he entered the marquee. I had a sudden moment of uncertainty -- I had just fucked the man's girlfriend! - until I saw the smile on his face.
Claire stayed were she was, but smiled at her partner. "Yeah, baby! Dan's quite the shag! How about you?"
Rick chuckled as he made for the fridge, which just happened to be next to me and Claire, on the ground to my left. "Well done, Dan. Yeah, I'm having fun. Robyn's putting me through my paces."
"I'm sure she is," Claire said with a giggle, eyeing Rick's semi-rigid dick as he straightened from the fridge with two beers in each hand.
I happily accepted one when he offered; I'd worked up a thirst. Claire took one too. Through the fly-screen, I could make out Robyn standing waist-deep in the lake and looking towards us. "Why don't you guys come for a dip?" Rick suggested. "Looks like Claire could use a wash anyway." He grinned as he gestured to where my come was smeared on both of us.
"Sounds good to me!" I said, moving to step away from Claire, but she pulled my head down for one last kiss before she let go.
"Wait for me!" she cried to Rick, who was exiting the marquee. When he heard her, he darted off like a hare, laughing as she chased him down to the water. He managed to rest the two beers on the sand before Claire tackled him into the water.
I strolled down more slowly, letting the unbelievable events of the day sink in. When I got to the sandy riverbank, Robyn waded out to greet me, wrapping her arms around my neck and planting a searing kiss on my mouth. Her opulent breasts were mashed against my chest. She was a bit cool from the water temperature, but I minded not.
"Have fun with Claire?" She asked me softly. When I nodded, she smiled. "I'm glad. I was worried you might get freaked out by all this."
"I'm doing okay," I assured her. "It's all happened bloody quick, but I'm alright."
"Good," she said, kissing me again. "Claire's a little rocket, huh?"
"Bloody oath," I agreed, looking over Robyn's shoulder to where Claire and Rick were kissing madly, Claire straddling Rick's lap where he sat chest-deep in the lake.
"I know you just fucked her," Robyn said slowly. "But you reckon you might be good to go again soon? I figure we had to rush last time, and I'd like to -"
She was cut off by my lips finding hers and kissing her hard. I dimly heard my beer hitting the sand as I freed myself up to squeeze Robyn's arse with two hands. She moaned as I sunk my fingers firmly into her soft flesh and pulled her harder into me. Her hand was in between us, seeking my tool and wrapping her fingers around it, tugging on it insistently. Next thing I knew, Robyn was on her knees before me, and my cock was between her lips in a flash.
Fuck, but this woman could suck dick. Her blue eyes caught mine as she bobbed her head over my aching rod, moaning as she fellated me. Looking past her, I could see Claire bouncing on Rick's lap, hungrily watching Robyn devour me. Rick had his back to us, but he was busy feasting on Claire's nipples and was therefore occupied. I had to be careful here; this level of excitement could set me off again sooner than I'd like.
I gently cupped Robyn's face and guided her mouth off my dick -- reluctantly, mind you -- and I directed her to lie down. Fuck, she looked beautiful, lying there in the afternoon sun, waiting for me to join her. She parted her legs in invitation, and patted her pussy encouragingly, as if I needed the direction! I got down and settled my body onto hers, kissing her again as I adjusted my hips until I felt my cockhead resting against her wet heat.
Robyn's long legs came up around my waist, and I lost myself in her lips for a while, enjoying the taste of them. I suddenly felt a hand encircle my dick and guide it into Robyn's pussy, after which my hips instinctively began to push of their own accord. A feminine giggle gave the culprit away.
"Thanks, Claire," Robyn sighed as I entered her.
"No worries!" Claire replied. I turned my head to the left to see her kneeling next to us, eagerly watching as we began to fuck. I focused back on Robyn, but then I felt a warm hand cup my balls. If you've never had a woman caress your sack while you fuck another woman, put it on your bucket list. Trust me.
Robyn must have seen the look on my face, because she immediately asked; "Claire? What are you doing to Dan?"
"What?" Claire said innocently. "I'm just helping him along! It works both ways, you know! See?"
Robyn's eyes bugged a moment later, and she squealed, then moaned. "Oh, you cheeky bitch! She's fingering my arse, Dan!"
"Keep it up, Claire!" I encouraged. "I think she likes it!"
"Shutup and fuck me," Robyn breathed, burying her face in my neck. I complied, pushing my cock deeper into her, all the while feeling Claire teasing my balls, priming them for unleashing another payload.
Suddenly it was Claire that was squealing. "Aaah, shit! Yeah baby, that's good! Fuck me with that horse cock!"
I turned my head to see Rick taking Claire from behind, feeding her his huge dick one inch at a time. To Claire's credit, she somehow kept a hand on my balls, and a finger in Robyn's arse, judging by Robyn's face, anyway. This meant that Claire was now resting with her cheek on my arse, her head bouncing up and down with my thrusting. It had to be uncomfortable, but she appeared to get off on it, and never stopped her rubbing and tickling where my balls were concerned.
I suddenly had an idea. "Want me and Rick to give you a cum shower?" I asked Robyn as I pounded her.
I wondered if I'd gone too far, but her eyes lit up. "Oh, that would be so hot! Let's do that!"
I smiled. "You hear that, Rick? Robyn wants a cum shower!"
There was a wanton moan from Claire as Rick began to fuck her properly, his fingers locked onto her hips. Due to his size, he couldn't slam himself home completely each time, but he made a pretty fair go of it anyway. I kept my attention on Robyn, mainly, watching the way her tits shook each time I slammed my hips home. I was giving it to her hard, and she was lifting her pelvis up to meet mine stroke for stroke.
I felt my stamina start to flag; my balls were boiling due to my cock being buried in Robyn's steamy cunt and Claire's hand cupping them and squeezing them as if trying to milk me into her friend. I pulled out before I reached the point of no return and scrambled 'round to kneel at Robyn's side while I fisted my cock. It was aimed right at her glorious chest, and her eyes were locked onto it.
Rick appeared at her other side, mirroring me but aimed at Robyn's face. "Fuck, that's so hot!" Claire exclaimed, coming up behind me and cupping my balls. I could feel her tits pressing into my back and her hot breath on my shoulder. "I want a turn next!"
Robyn arched her back and stuck her tits out for me, giving me a more prominent target. She also turned her head towards Rick and began licking the underside of his cockhead to help him along. From the look on his face he wouldn't need much more help. He already had one hand in the sand to support him while he hunched over Robyn's face and he was grunting like anything.
I felt Claire suddenly abandon me in favour of kneeling between Robyn's thighs and burying her face in the taller woman's pussy. If I wasn't turned on enough before, I fuckin' was now. I'd never seen two girls getting stuck into each other, and it was bloody hot. Before I knew it, I was pasting Robyn's tits with more cum than I thought I had in me after the day I'd had, and Rick did the same to her face when he saw what Claire was up to.
Robyn moaned as the jism from two dicks spattered her face and tits, and she stiffened as Claire found a sweet spot. I watched, rapt, as she came hard, gripping her breasts and pinching her own nipples as Claire's oral assault continued.
Finally, Claire surfaced with a shit-eating grin on her face. "I forgot how good you taste, hun," she told Robyn. "Or was it Dan's dick?" To answer her own question, she crawled up Robyn's body to take my cock between her lips. "I think it's a bit of both!" She said happily as my tool popped free of her mouth.
"Fuck me drunk!" I breathed, falling back on my arse on the sand next to Robyn. Happily, I realised I'd never opened my beer, and it was presently waiting in the sand within arm's reach. "I dunno about you guys, but that was a first for me!"
Robyn stretched languidly, arching her back and pushing her tits into the air. Claire was busy cleaning Rick's pipe with her lips and tongue. "You'll get used to it," Rick said with a grunt as Claire took him deep. "Sort of. In some ways it becomes familiar, and in others it always feels new."
"It's the same for me," Robyn added as she sat up. She didn't seem terribly fazed by the cum that was starting to run down her cheeks and breasts. "Claire? Want to clean me up, or should I take a dip?" Claire pulled her head off of Rick's cock in a flash and began lapping at Robyn's face, moaning as she scooped up the cum on her tongue.
"Holy shit," I murmured, watching transfixed at how dirty Claire was, and how much she appeared to enjoy it.
"She loves it," Robyn told me as she tilted her head back to give the Asian beauty access to her neck and tits. "She has a bit of a cum fetish from time to time, don't you sweetie?"
Claire mumbled something incoherent as she worked away on Robyn, paying special attention to her pink nipples. Rick was watching too, enjoying the way his woman tended Robyn. I sipped my beer and appreciated the show until Claire's hand crept between my legs and took hold of my dick. Looking down, I realised I'd never gone soft. With Claire and Robyn around, there was a fair chance I'd never go flaccid again.
With her tongue never leaving Robyn's lightly tanned skin, Claire shifted herself around so that her sexy arse was pointed right at me, wiggling back and forth. Somehow, she'd never released my dick, and now she was insistently tugging on it, telling me wordlessly that she wanted me to fuck her again. Over Claire's back, I saw Robyn's hand grab Rick's weapon and start to give it a good stroking.
'Fuck, here we go again,' I thought to myself as I pushed my beer into the sand and saddled up behind Claire.
*
The rest of that first night was spent drinking, laughing and fucking. When I woke up the next morning, I honestly thought it had all been some sort of mad dream, until I felt a warm body pressed up against me, and my hard dick nestled in something soft. Opening my eyes, I saw that I was spooned up behind Robyn, with one arm wrapped around her and a big breast in my hand. Well, most of the breast anyway. I couldn't quite fit them in my hands completely.
We were in what had to be Robyn's tent, which was fucking palatial inside. The thing had two seven-foot high domes for sleeping. Nearby, Rick and Claire lay sprawled out on a huge, plush air mattress, still sleeping soundly. My cock twitched as my eyes roamed over the Japanese fashion mogul's hot body, and I fondly remembered shagging her twice more after our lakeside fun.
Robyn stirred against me, wiggling her plump bottom on my cock and using a hand to hold my hand tighter against her boob. I was up for more fun, certainly, but I also needed to piss like a fuckin' racehorse. The gorgeous blonde murmured unhappily as I extricated myself from my delicious prison and slipped out of the tent as quietly as I could. Thankfully, the front was not zipped up; the tent and the marquee were part of a set, so the marquee zipped up to the tent itself, and we'd dropped Robyn's mozzie nets at dusk so we could sleep with the tent open unmolested by bugs.
The sun wasn't all the way up yet, but it was shaping up to be another cracker of a day judging by the sky. I sighed as I got far enough away from the tent to be polite and let loose a torrent of piss. My dick was little sore from yesterday's activities, but nothing too major. Hopefully there would be more of the same today. Shaking off the last few drops, I thought about going back to the tent for a cuddle, but I decided to let them sleep, instead opting for a dip in the lake and then maybe sorting out some brekky.
After I got clean, I pottered around Robyn's marquee and found everything I needed pretty easily. Soon enough, I had a fire going and bacon and sausages sizzling away on the hotplate. 'Nothing like an early brekky while the sun rises,' I thought to myself as I watched the sky turn slowly from grey to gold.
"How are you up this early?" I turned to see Robyn standing behind me, rubbing her eyes and wearing not a stitch.
"Whaddya mean?" I asked with a grin. "It wasn't much later than this yesterday when you jumped in the lake with me!"
"That was different," she said sleepily. "I wasn't on the piss all night beforehand."
"Ah, so that's it!" I said, putting down the tongs and standing. I took her in my arms, loving the way her body felt against me. "Maybe I should come back to bed then?"
She nodded and put her arms around me. "The food does smell good, though," she mumbled into my neck.
"Stay up with me and have some, then," I suggested, caressing the small of her back. "Nothing beats a hangover like bacon and eggs and a good sunrise!" To be honest, I couldn't believe I was so chipper myself after sinking a metric arse-load of beers last night, but I think I must've been riding so high on the insane events of the last twenty-four hours that my body wasn't letting me come down.
"Okay," Robyn agreed after a moment, pressing her flat belly against my dick, which was standing to attention again.
"Don't start that," I grunted as she tried to reach between us to grab my prick. "I'll burn the food." Robyn reluctantly sat when I gently pushed her toward a nearby camp chair facing the fire, but in defiance, she slung a leg over one arm and lounged back with her hands behind her head, lewdly displaying her pussy for my viewing pleasure.
"That's playing dirty, and you know it," I told my blond lover.
"I know," she replied smugly. "Hurry up with the cooking, I need some sausage!"
I suddenly wasn't as hungry as I was before. Well, not for food, anyway, but I made myself turn away from Robyn and finish the cooking. "So, what are you gonna do today?" I asked as I turned the snags and flipped the bacon over.
"Well," she answered slowly. "I'm going to get fucked by you, and then I'll eat brekky, and then I have some big plans to talk about."
Christ, but this woman made it hard to concentrate on simple tasks. And what did she mean by 'big plans?'
After an eternity, the food was done. I plated it up quickly and took it to the marquee, where it would be safe from the flies. When I turned to head back to Robyn, I found her right behind me, and in a flash, she was on me. I didn't stand a chance as she dragged me back into the tent and shoved me down onto the air mattress we'd been sleeping on before.
Looking over, I saw Rick and Claire stirring at the commotion, but my attention was brought fully back to Robyn when she mounted me and stuck my cock into her wet twat. I felt my eyes roll up into my head as my super-sensitive dick slid into her wet folds, feeling almost so good it hurt. She began to ride me at a leisurely pace, taking her time with it, sighing as she gently gyrated her hips. She grabbed my hands and brought them up to her magnificent tits, which I happily kneaded and teased and stroked.
Rick and Claire began their owning morning ritual, and Claire mounted her boyfriend with alacrity, reaching down between her legs to point his oversized tool at her honey pot. They were facing slightly away from us, and Robyn and I watched as inch after inch disappeared into the Asian stunner.
"Where do you put it all?" Robyn asked her friend as she rode me. "It must be up in your stomach somewhere!"
Claire turned her head to smile at us, then pushed herself all the way down until she was fully impaled. "Now it is! Fuck that's good!"
The two couples mirrored each other, the men on their backs while the women bounced happily on their dicks. With everyone more relaxed and largely sexually satisfied from yesterday, the morning fuck was a little more languorous, and we even made a fun game out of it; when a couple changed positions, the other couple would quickly change to mirror them. Eventually the game got competitive. We went from cowgirl to doggy, to side-doggy, to missionary, to reverse cowgirl, to standing doggy, to reverse missionary to... You get the idea.
"No fuckin way!" Robyn protested at one point as she watched Claire bend herself into a ridiculous position which left her effectively sitting on her own head, her thighs wide open and her feet next to her face.
"Never play this game with a former high school gymnast," Claire said smugly as Rick put his knees next to her feet and began to feed his cock back into her cunt.
"Holy shit!" I laughed. I was currently lying on Robyn's back, resting my weight on my elbows and lazily fucking her while I watched Claire turn herself into a human pretzel. Robyn was pushing her arse up to meet my thrusting, and I was slowly but surely building up to losing a nut.
Robyn must have read my mind. "Cum in me, Dan," she purred, turning her head enough so she could meet my eyes. Her arse pushed up more insistently, her body telling me what she wanted as much as her words.
I didn't bother trying to hang on; I was already in the vinegar strokes. With a stiff grunt, I pushed forward as hard as I could and began to unload into my new lover. My vision darkened at the edges and my head was swimming as I came. Guys, you know those times when it feels like every shot comes up from your toes and takes everything with it as it leaves your body? Yep, this was one of those times.
I dimly heard Robyn moaning through her own release, and somehow I was aware of Rick pulling out of Claire and letting her unfurl that wicked body before pasting her tits and stomach with his jizz. Afterwards, unsurprisingly, we all fell back asleep.
***
END (FOR NOW)
***
*Hey guys, I hope you enjoyed the read! This is my first go at a more real-world setting; I normally write erotic fantasy. Please vote and leave a comment to let me know what you thought. If I get enough positive feedback, I'll probably continue this as a series, as there's a lot of potential for Dan and Robyn in Mangrove Creek! - Anti.*