Hey, readers welcome to this fun interracial story. This will be a story that features an older woman and her costar. Any resemblance between these characters and any other person living or fictional is completely unintentional. All characters are 18 years old. Please enjoy and leave a comment on anything you like.
--------------------------------
Mary slowly rolled over as the alarm from her phone started to increase in volume. The woman groaned as she sat up, her unnaturally curly brown hair especially wild this morning. She sat there not exactly excited to be up at this hour, but then she remembered she actually had business to attend to. Reaching high above herself she stretched, feeling the pop and creak of her bones, as she reconciled feeling ever bit her 32 years of age. Hoping out of bed she started about her morning routine, bounding across the tiny apartment putting together a bag that would be needed for the day. Taking one final step in front of her mirror, she judged her appearance. Her hair was pulled back revealing her entire face. The makeup that she put on highlighted her brown eyes, which were shining with excitement. Walking out the front door of her house she got into her car, and let her mind wander as she pulled off to her destination.
As she drove through the winding streets of town, Mary couldn't fight the urge to start humming to herself as she reflected on things. Months ago when she was still in school teaching her boyfriend had dumped her for the chance to move to New York and be on Broadway. It had crushed her, he was her everything, a man who shared her love of all things theatre. Many weeks of crying, and then a few more of cursing his name led to a rebirth in her attitude. The mousy woman had made it her mission to make the sorry bastard sorry her ever left her. It started out simply at first, a gym membership, a new haircut, and a few new tattoos in more risque places. The physical change had led to a bit of a mental one. With no lackluster boyfriend to hold her down, Mary recommitted herself to her art. She found herself spending hours of her day either teaching students musical instruments, practicing her own singing, and even sharpening her ballet skills.
All that hard work paid off when she accepted a drunken dare from her friend. The local college was putting on an original show, which called for a female lead. Feeling confident due to many tequila sunrises she signed up for the auditions. A grueling week-long process came to an end with her being given the titular role. Almost by happenstance, she found out that her boyfriend had his dreams crushed by the casting director of the show he had left her for. At her exes pain, she smiled just a bit. Getting the role had done more than just give her the chance to be in the spotlight, it gave her a chance to explore another side of herself.
Being the Temptress required the usually mousy Mary to step into her sexuality. The role required her to be stunning, to openly flirt, and have the body language of a woman in complete control. According to the director she actually had to openly flirt with any and all her costars. At first, it was awkward, she was never that person even as a single sex-deprived woman. Eventually, she found fun in finding ways to make the gaggle of male dancers blush and laugh. Being the object of desire for the men in the play was the second best part of being the lead.
Making a quick right, Mary pulled into the dance studio lot and shut her car off. Besides her tiny red car, there was a midnight blue one, shining in the summer sun. Mary looked and saw the driver of the car standing in all his glory next to the studio's door. Getting out she was all smiles as she waved to the man, getting a wave in return. If being the center of attention was the second best thing about her play, then the best thing was her costar. Micah was nothing like the men she usually associated with. First, of all, he was the opposite of the lithe dancers. His form was an exceptionally large frame, supported by peaks and valleys of muscle. Second, he was really fucking hot by all of Mary's standards. He had a cute face, light eyes, and black kinky curls that stuck far enough out from his head, that Mary's hands could get lost in them. The third, and most interesting thing about him, was that he was black. Not super dark, but still he had a brown complexion that complimented her own milky white skin perfectly.
Micah watched as Mary bounded up to him with an unusual pep in her step. "Hey Micah," she sang while wrapping her arms around his body. She pulled him in tight, as she felt the bulging muscles of his core. Taking in a deep breath she inhaled the fresh scent that always accompanied the young man. Micah returned the hug, his arms cradling the woman. Now fully in the man's embrace, she rocked back and forth, allowing her rather large tits to move against his body. The feeling of having nothing but the thin fabric of their clothes between them dragged a quiet moan from her lips as she continued moving. When Micah pulled away Mary was disappointed, but the bright smile was a good enough consolation prize.
"Hey Mary, sorry to drag you out like this," he said while giving her room to go into the dance studio.
Mary smiled, there was something endearing about how he was so polite, yet his voice shook her core. "Awe no problem, besides have to help my costar," she said while walking through the waiting area. The casual tone of her voice could not hide how excited Mary actually was to work with Micah. She hadn't been this excited since her first day as a dancer, and it was arguably a much bigger occasion. Unlike any of the other times the two met up, today they were practicing their big scene. Being the leads they had a number of scenes together, some were just spoken lines, while others were dancing and singing. The one they were practicing today was a very intricate combination of all three, one that required them to act as one unit.
In the play, Mary was to play a witch who is out to seduce the young prince Micah. Much of the time they are on stage is her acting coy, begging for his attention as the meek helpless girl. However, in this one, things were to change in a major way. Mary was to perform for Micah, to seduce him and to bed him. The entire thing would culminate with a seductive dance, her body writhing against Micah's as she sang to him. When the choreographer told her what she had planned and if Mary was okay with it, she leaped at the chance. Now here she was getting the chance to practice moves that were basically sex with the stud.
As Mary remembered her choreography, she felt a twinge that hadn't been around for a while. Her body was waking up to the idea of having the man against her, his arms pulling her and maneuvering her like a delicate doll. Well maybe it wasn't just the dance, but at the idea of having a man actually, touch her in any intimate way. Mary had been so busy honing her craft that she ignored her own baselines desires. Week in and week out she only flirted, playing the part of the seductress. It was a fun exercise that got her going, but rarely did she act on those instincts. It was pretty maddening.
Micah watched as Mary walked around the studio, deep in her own thoughts. He wanted so badly to reach out and bring her back to reality, but at the same time, he was enjoying just staring at her. He didn't know how lucky he got to get such a knockout for a partner. Mary was a petite thing with a mop of curly brown hair, that looked so pullable. He licked his lips as he saw her exhale, her chest shaking under the thin blue leotard she wore. Her tits looked so full behind the clothes, perfect orbs that screamed to be groped. She wasn't just a top-heavy bitch either, she had a toned ass that flexed with each step that she took. At first, Micah thought that the woman was just a thin girl, but after weeks of feeling her up learned that there were layers of muscle under there. He was definitely going to miss her after this play was over, maybe he'd ask her out when it was all over.
Looking around the room Mary spotted the one thing they needed before they could start. "Mind getting one of the chairs from the corner," she asked while pointing to some prop chairs stacked in the corner. Micah brought one and placed it in front of the woman who was now ready to go. "Okay sit down, you remember how the scene goes right?" Mary commanded.
Micah took his spot and looked at her while she moved, "Yeah I do. I'm on my throne and you come in. This is the scene right after Dan tries to kill me. I'm supposed to be skeptical because of the rumors."
"Exactly! Give me one second and we'll start. Remember we will be doing everything including the dance number," she said. Micah nodded and waited for her to begin. Mary banished the sinful thoughts from her mind, ready to work on the play. Micah stopped for a second and watched the transformation take place. Gone was Mary his costar and in her place was the Temptress personified. Mary rushed forward starting the scene, "Your highness, your highness, you have called for me?"
Mary was now in front of him, her hands folded over themselves as she looked at him, awaiting his cues. "I have. Many whispers have caught my ear. What say you about the accusations?" he said throwing on the deep voice that he had perfected for the role.
Mary shuddered at the sexy voice, the amazing power vibrating around the room. "Sire I know not these rumors, yet if they speak foul of my name I rebuke them," Mary responded. The voice that she picked was a bit deeper than normal, it had to be to sell the character.
"Who are you to rebuke the words of trusted advisors? They have been with me since I was a child. They have nursed me since I was young and turned me into the man you see before you," Micah bellowed while rising to his feet. Mary took a step back even though every one of her instincts yelled at her to start climbing the mountain of a man, unfortunately, she couldn't at least in the context of the play.
"Sire I meant no disrespect, yet I am an innocent woman!" Mary exclaimed.
Micah followed his cues and looked down at her. Mary was returning his gaze, a coy smile painted across her face. She was such a good actress that she had cast away her usually shy demeanor and become the Temptress incarnate. Making sure to exhale dramatically he continued with the performance, "My advisors have told me you are not! They whisper that you are a wench who feasts on the souls of men, crushing them, and killing them in the process. They whisper that you work with those who will plot to take my head." He moved closer to her, this time putting one of his mammoth hands underneath her chin and forcing her gaze upward. "They say you have no respect for the crown, and I see it even now as you stand before me. Those with lesser charges were always made to kneel," he finished.
In the back of her mind Mary was cheering at the performance and the touch she was receiving. Right now she could feel her body heat up, and her nipples harden at how exciting it felt. She wanted so badly to drop the charade, to stop the acting, and to move onto the more fun scenes. With her pussy slowly coming alive she continued the scene. She moved both of her hands to Micah and dropped to her knees, and then came the fake tears, "Sire forgive me, I see you not as the king but as my love. And it is true what they say. I have led men to ruin. I have destroyed weaker men who could not satisfy the fire that burned within me. You though have gone beyond and I seek only to be of use to my king."
It was Micah's turn to be stunned as he fought the obscene thoughts running through his mind. Mary was on her knees, mere inches away from his rapidly hardening dick. The mere thought of having the sexy actress close enough to kiss him caused it to stir and twitch. Wanting to do his best not to freak her out he squeaked out his lines, "Raise your head and explain. You blatantly disregard my position as King?"
Mary rolled her eyes up, catching the thick pipe-like outline in his shorts. Subconsciously she licked her lips and imagined what would it be like to just stick the treat in her mouth. Blinking twice she realized that she definitely needed to get laid when this play was over. Continuing to roll her eyes upward she looked deep into the brown gyms that Micah sported, "I don't disregard it, yet I see through it. I have known you my liege. Your suitors only see the crown and the riches. I see the man who carries the weight of our fair land and only wish to be of service. I see how your shoulders slump and how you wish for peace of mind. I wish to be your refuge." Now standing up to her feet Mary switched personalities. Her voice took a lower almost wicked tone as she delivered the next lines, "Sire I have had men before you. Of lustful actions I am guilty, however, I am innocent of plotting against you. All I wish is for my body, my impure being to be of some use to you. If not as your refuge then as your concubine. The girls they send are that...girls. I am a woman wise to the ways of the Earth and Heavens. Please sire be merciful and grant me your head before you take mine." In an effort to drive home the subtext Mary placed her hand on Micah's crotch. Both of their eyes shot open as the python twitched at such a delicate feeling.
Micah backed away, his skin hiding the blush, while Mary's was all red. Here she was questioning if what she felt was actually real. She wasn't an inexperienced woman, but from what she was able to feel she knew that the black man was sporting something massive. Looking up at him she tried reading his face, which was a contorted mask of embarrassment and shock. Swallowing she decided to continue the performance and think on things later, "Sire what say you?"
The line wasn't in the script, but Micah appreciated it anyway. Clearing his throat, he started up again, his voice shaky, "How can I trust one who openly proclaims her impurity? Is that becoming of a maiden?"
"Sire I proclaim it because I run not from what I am, and I care for thee," Mary shouted, once again getting close to the man. The distance between the two of them was almost nonexistent as Mary started to rub her hand up and down the man's chest. The original direction didn't call for the movement, but Mary was in character. The Temptress demanded that she get close to her prize, and so she would. Extending her gesture, she started to rub his chest up and down.
The lines that Micah had so painstakingly memorized had now escaped him. Feeling Mary close against him had caused the blood that was pumping in his brain to flow downward. Like a teen talking to his first girl he stammered out, stringing together what he could from the word soup in his head, "How does...one such as yourself care for me?"
Mary slowed her movements as she blinked at the man. While the line wasn't one to one, it was close enough ad she felt good to continue. Something in her screamed to keep the charade going, and she was going to answer that call. She took ahold of his hand and placed it on her chest, giving the man a handful of her bosom catching the man off guard. Mary was only supposed to grab his hand and keep it in between hers, not place it on her large chest. Micah wasn't complaining though because he was in heaven. Through the thin material of her leotard, he felt how full the breast felt, and like his costar, he went with an off-script move. With his massive hand, he started to roll his thumb over her fabric-covered nipple. Mary's body reacted, her nipples hardening under the gentle touch. The poor woman didn't know what we had started, but she loved it. She stayed silent as Micah continued to grope at her, massaging the handful of happiness within his grasp.
At the new action, Mary couldn't stay silent and moaned out, still staying in character, "Sire please allow me to show you. Allow me to show thee how your future betrothed should worship you!" She dropped down to her knees and came face to face with the waistband of Micah's shorts. The snake was flush against the fabric of his shorts, grabbing her full attention. It felt like hands were keeping her head straight, refusing to let her look away. Hypnotized by the impressive pipe Mary whispered out, "God please Micah let me show you."
The man thought he was going crazy when he heard his name, but wrote it off. He was too busy looking at the top of the curly woman's head. Her lips were dangerously close to his pants, and he wanted so badly for her just to lean forward. Moving his hands down he started to stroke her hair. The two cast quite the image as the white woman sat subservient before the black man. "Yes, show me. Show me you wicked woman," he whispered.
For a split moment, the two didn't move. They didn't dare attempt to cut the tension between them. Micah kept stroking her hair as Mary fought to remember how to start. As his thick fingers brushed the curly locks he heard her voice. Low and full of passion Mary spoke, "Sire please take a seat, and allow me to prove myself." Micah didn't give a single fuck if the line was perfect or not, he followed the order. Resting his large body into the chair he watched as Mary lifted herself up ever so slightly. Delicate white hands met the black fabric of the shorts. She rubbed her hands up and down, feeling the muscle. She reached forward, taking his manhood within her small hand. A fire was lit within her as her brain registered what she was actually holding.
Within her grasp, she was holding a dick that could easily test how much she could stretch. With an innocent curiosity, she started to stroke it, her mind craving to see what it felt like in its full glory. The seconds passed with Mary moving the shiny black fabric back and forth, coaxing out deep moans from the man. Micah looked down at her, his mind thinking about all the things he would do to that tight little body. With a wicked grin, one insane idea lept out in front of the pack. Taking one of his massive paws he ran his hands through her hair, but instead of the delicate touch came a rough tug. Micah jerked Mary's head and forced her to look him in the eye. "So wench, are you going to show me, or what?" he said keeping the distinct voice of the King.
Mary was equal parts confused and turned on by the action. Performance? What was he talking about? She was ready to ask, but then the realization struck her. He was still in character, which meant she should be too. And if she was in character then she should be dancing around for her king. Licking her lips she rose, ready to make good on the question. "Of course my king, allow me to show you how I can be of service," she laughed. She rose to her feet ready to perform. Starting out she moved her hips side to side, the turned repeating the move. Micah leaned back seeing the taunt cheeks flex as she moved. The man was all smiles as he realized he was going to get his own personal show.
Mary moved through the steps of the dance she had so painstakingly memorized. Each step brought a new position, a new twirl of her body that showed her off. She was building up a sweat now as she felt her heartbeat quicken, at the same time Micah's eyes were almost popping out of his head. The sexy woman was putting her all into it, making sure to bend low and give him an eye full of her lovely ass. With a twisted grin, Mary turned back around and saw that her dance had worked. Standing like a testament to manhood, Micah's cock was straining against his shorts. The tent called out to Mary and she couldn't help herself with what she did next. Walking forward she turned around, popping her ass out. Not stopping Mary started moving, wiggling the backside with an excited giggle.
"God damn, that she is nice," Micah huffed out.
"Sire I'm flattered, yet I haven't shown you anything yet," Mary told him. Micah was stunned as the woman started to back up, finding a seat in his lap. Feeling the thick organ brush up against her body, she started to move. She twirled in circles, rolling her hips around the pole. Biting her lip she felt embers in her body slowly being stoked. The feeling of actually being turned on, of actually wanting a man had been reinvigorated. Dropping most of her weight into Micah's lap she started to grind even harder. His dick moved like a joystick as she rubbed herself against it. She followed no real pattern choosing instead to go with what felt good to her.
As he sat back receiving the lap dance, Micah found himself caught in a twisted purgatory. On one hand, the lap dance was divine, a great appetizer for what he wanted. The thing was it was just that, an appetizer. As Micah sat there, being teased by the woman's otherworldly movements he found himself wanting to grab her. The animalistic lust in him was growing, as the white woman danced, teasing at her body. Exhaling sharply Micah found himself realizing one thing. He was the king, and this dance was for him.
Moving his hands up to the woman's petite body he grabbed her and pulled her tight against him. Mary yelped as she found her feet now off the ground, but held against the man. "Uhm, wh-what are you doing?" came Mary's squeaky voice. At being held in the rough grasp she had found herself suddenly back into reality.
Micah brought his mouth down to his ear and let out a chuckle, "I thought you were showing your use to your king...not just teasing him." Mary had trouble finding her words because the man brought his mouth lower, and start to nip at her neck. The soft bit of flesh was always a weak spot for the woman, and the way the man teased it started to send jolts of pleasure down her spine.
"Ooh, oh, that's nice," Mary cooed, as she continued her own little tease. Slowing her rhythm she now moved in deliberate motions. The dual assault from the man's mouth and her own moving hips was causing the proverbial dam to break. Deep in the mesh material of her leotard, Mary's lips began to moisten. A well that had long been dry now came alive with need. Mary's breathing became slightly haggard as a juicy wet spot started to form. Micah was having his own issues as his dick became sensitive, precum oozing from the tip. Whatever self-control these two were exerting was now being tested. Micah broke away from the woman's ear and a deep almost painful breath ran against Mary's ears. Moving his hands from around her hips, Micah moved his hands to her tits. Her hardened nipples were threatening to break through the material. Puffy fleshy pebbles were begging to be played with, and Micah smiled as he was ready to answer the call.
Moving his fingers around the nubs, he started to roll them back and forth. His fingers ran over the fabric as they pulled at her. The actions only served to keep Mary wanting more from the man. Her eyes shut with force as she tried holding back the quickly growing force. Micah could feel her body tighten, and his years of experience told him everything he needed to know. Keeping composed he summoned the king's voice one more time, "Keep grinding wench, do not stop until I say so." The command left no room for misinterpretation, so Mary followed. She moved her hips, focused on bringing about the flood that was knocking down below. Micah never stopped playing with her nipples and added his own kisses to the onslaught. Switching between biting at her ear, and nipping at her neck he felt her tighten again. Mary's hands gripped at his thighs, finding leverage as his own muscles flexed underneath.
For the gyrating woman, the orgasm came with force. Her body stopped moving and her thighs started to shake. Never before had she felt something like this. Instead of the tiny bump that ended with her sighing contently, this one was a new animal. Maybe it was the fact that she was doing the work, but she had never felt something so physical. The frenzy moved through her bubbling up and soaking her leotard. Her thighs quaked and she had no option but to lean back into the man, still shaking as she started to come down. The world momentarily went all white as she fought to keep her balance. Micah held her, not wanting her to fall and hurt herself. Against the strong grip, she jerked moving as her hips surged. Eventually, though the movements subsided and she found herself trying to grab onto the tiny strands of oxygen that swirled around her.
Micah laughed as he started to kiss her neck, allowing her to figure out where she was. Mary was blushing as she recognized that she had just cum like a freight train, and was just existing within Micah's arms. "Um, was that um good?" Mary asked having no idea where to even start.
"Hmm," Micah said once again planting a kiss on her neck, "That was nice to watch, but now I am burdened." Lifting his hips just a bit, he made sure she felt the hardened cock that sought out her own soaked pussy. Mary got the insinuation and started to get up. Now standing she looked at the man, both worried about the single most pressing question. What position were they gonna start with?
Mary blushed as she saw Micah starting to remove his shorts. What was revealed was probably the most intimidatingly beautiful thing she would ever see. His dick was a mighty pole, that was just a bit darker than the rest of his chocolate body. A bit thicker, than it was long, it was capped by an impressive mushroom head. Under its own weight it swayed, yet somehow still stayed upright. Mary looked at the man as he wagged his finger, beckoning her. Walking over she allowed him to run his hands over her body. A weird warmth spread over her as she watched Micah move the thin fabric that was covering her pussy. Mary shuddered as Micah started playing with her thick pussy lips. His fingers danced over the sensitive skin, before lightly tickling her clit.
"Oh God," Mary hissed while buckling. It had been so long since someone had touched her, let alone with the skill that Micah was doing it. She moved her hands to his shoulders and allowed him to continue. Each digit stroked across the sensitive flesh, parting the lips teasing at her core. Mary leaned against the man, as she started to find it hard to stand. Just as her legs weakened something else grew stronger. Her incredible need started to take over, and she knew that something had to be done. It was her turn to start whispering in the man's ear. "M-Micah," she stammered, "C'mon let's go further."
Micah stopped playing with her pussy and gave her a big grin. He reached for her hips and slowly started to move her towards him. Mary followed his lead and did her best to straddle the man. The sheer size difference between their bodies didn't deter her, instead, making her appreciate her natural flexibility. The two looked at each other nervously as they realized what was about to happen. Reaching up the black man ran his hand through her hair, tugging on it to bring her down. His full lips crashed against hers and the two found themselves locked in a fiery embrace. The way Micah pulled on her thick curly locks served to rev her up, making her pussy quiver with unaddressed need. Still locking lips Micah lifted her up just enough for her to angle herself against his rod. Mary wasn't passive as she gripped the man, lining him against her body. Breaking the kiss she looked at him, his handsome face shining back with a boyish glee.
"Just relax," Micah said and Mary nodded in understanding. Micah started to guide the woman down onto his shaft, watching her eyes pop as her body adjusted. The woman grunted as the familiar ache of being entered morphed into a pleasurable pain of being stretched to her max. Her body was confused on what to feel as her hips kept rocking, trying to get even more of the man into her body. Micah was holding her tight, dealing with the almost uncomfortable tightness. "Damn, didn't I tell you to relax?" he asked with a smile.
Mary strained to respond as her body kept quaking, "I am, you're just fucking huge." Micah smiled and kept guiding her down, each second earning another groan from the woman. "Fuck this is tough, give me a second," Mary whispered. Acknowledging that the woman needed a break he pulled her hair once again and kept kissing. His tongue dueled with hers as the poor woman started to buck. She knew that she wasn't going to get him all in one go, so she was content with just allowing what she could in. Wiggling her hips she mimicked the lap dance from earlier, moaning into the man's house. Deep in her gut the building orgasm couldn't be held back as her juices leaked down onto the man. She started to ride a bit faster, twisting her body as she found herself touching down on Micah's thighs.
"Good girl, you took it all," he chuckled. Mary was too lost in the haze of her thoughts to even recognize that Micah had said. Instead she moved back and forth, arching her back and pumping her body as she tried to drag her second orgasm out. Micah allowed the woman to move and buck against him. She was a wild thing, enjoying the first bit of sex in what felt like ages. "That's right, keep riding me baby," he whispered as her pulled her body close. Reaching up he pulled at her leotard, revealing her collar to him. The milky white flesh looked so delicious, and Micah knew he had to taste it. Bending down he forced the woman's bucking body against his and started to bite at the woman. Each nip caused Mary to hiss, in twisted pleasure. She had never been like this, never felt so free to just fuck. As Micah left another mark she felt it. This time she spasmed uncontrollably. Each muscle ripped and flexed as the quakes took over, shaking her frame. She fought against Micah's tight grasp, while her pussy gripped his cock. The velvet lined vice was doing it's best to milk him, to drag out his own thick strands of cum. For now they got nothing, instead he stiffened as he started to fuck her back.
Micah decided he had been passive too long, and switched. Keeping her close he whispered into her ear, "Wrap your hands around my neck." The woman listened as she felt her body start to rise. Micah had her up in the air, cock still lodged deep with her, as her body kept spasming. It was a precarious act he had to pull off as he balanced their bodies. "Hold the fuck on okay?" Micah asked again. Mary was too tired to actually say anything so she nodded and gave him a kiss. With a strong grip of her body, Micah slowly started to pump into her. He went with short strokes that constantly bumped into Mary's inner most depths. Each on kept hitting the wall of her already sensitive and swollen insides. Each second was another tick closer to her cumming, and she loved it. Micah himself was patient and focused as he kept thrashing into the woman, making her body his personal plaything. As their breathing sinked up, Mary found the urge to kiss him. Driving her tongue deep into his mouth, she was now lost in her own lusty haze. She wanted this man for everything he was worth, she wanted his body, and more importantly she wanted his cum.
The small orgasm that had been building went off and caused Mary to slump forward in the man's grasp. "Ugh I like this but, how about something a little different?" Mary huffed. Micah released her back down to the earth and watched as she got her bearings. Turning her back to him she looked down at the chair. Walking over to it she leaned on it, sticking her pert cheeks out and adjusting the leotard once more. She wanted the man to have an unobstructed view of her lips. "Well sire?" she purred out, "Allow me to keep being useful?"
Micah didn't need to be told twice. He found himself bending down, adjusting to her short height. In one motion he lined himself up and entered the woman. Mary screamed out at the feeling of being so full so suddenly. The thick rod had forced her walls back open, as he pistoned in and out. "Fuck you're tight," he said whilst making her his. Keeping his grip solid he smiled as Mary's hips moved in time with his, each second she dipped as she allowed more of his cock into her body. The tiny woman shook as she felt her legs go weak. Micah was too focused on his own pleasure to care. Instead he fucked her, making sure his hips hit hers with force. He was driving into the sexy little minx, enjoying how her tight pussy seemed to welcme him. "God damn, this pussy feels amazing," he panted. Continuing his actions he laughed as Mary tried looking back at him.
"Hmm that's it, keep fucking me. Of fuck I think I'm gonna cum again," she said out loud. Micah smiled as he watched her head slump forward, her brown hair fell across her back. By the way her pussy felt he knew that she was cumming again. This time her body was trying to milk him for all he was worth, and he was going to give it to her. Reaching forward he took a handful of her hair in his hand and yanked. Mary's head flew backwards and she was forced to stare at the ceiling. "Oh fuck," she moaned out. Her body strained as Micah got rough. Each thrust saw her taking his entire length. He was fast and consistent, driving his rod into her burning hot pussy. He was going to make the tiny woman feel every inch as the familiar tingle in his balls told him he was almost spent.
"Inside or out?" he asked breathlessly.
"Huh?" came Mary's reply. Neither of them were really in the right from of mind. All they cared about was the building end to their little activity.
"Cum in you or out?" Micah asked again, this time more hectically. The orgasm was so close, and he knew that he had a tidal wave for the woman.
Mary regained her consciousness just enough to recognize the question. "Don't cum in me!" she said. Her head was still arched, and the only thing keeping her supported was the chair. Mary was so exhausted but somehow still felt bad that the tryst was about to end. "Please don't cum in me, fuck don't" she said again. Her voice was a blend of desperation and lust, that broke through to the man.
Pulling his hips away just in time, Micah gripped Mary hard. He spun her around, allowing her to see his cock pulse. As if she was in his mind she dropped to her knees and held out her tongue. Something in her wanted to taste the results of their afternoon. She opened her mouth and got as far as the head, before the flood came. Micah held her there as pulse after pulse of his cum shot into her mouth. The salty sweet liquid splashed against her throat and eventually overwhelmed her. Pulling back she found her head still in Micah's grasp as he continued to coat her. First it hit her face, splashing acoss, then it hit her neck. Each of the subsequent spurts landed on various parts of her body, and eventually onto the floor. Mary was stunned that the young man had produced so much, and blushed as he looked at her.
There lay his costar, a usually shy girl covered in his cum. Her curly hair was a mess as it stuck to her head and body, with a few strands of white caught in it. Her chest was heaving as the acknowledgement of what they did had hit them. Looking up Mary smiled, Micah was still hard enough for more. Licking up the fluids she admitted to herself that he tasted good...well as good as semen could taste. Wiping away what she could from her face she cut the tension, "Uhm mind helping me clean up?"