Shannon's package arrived in the mail Friday morning. Earlier in the week she placed an order for a sexy skirt, top and boots from online that she planned to wear on Friday. As the week went on she became increasingly worried that the package wouldn't arrive on time. With a sigh of relief she grabbed the package out of the mailbox and hurriedly rushed up to her room to change for her work out. Joel was working late tonight and was meeting her at the bar as soon as he finished working. Going to the bar alone was a nervous first in their relationship, but Joel had assured her that she would be fine for a couple hours. Going out solo was definitely the next step in her lecherous decent into the Hotwife life she now embraced.
"Oh my, the guys are really going to enjoy this little ensemble," Shannon whispered as she unwrapped the packages and closely examined the new items she purchased before getting ready for her workout.
Shannon pulled on her spandex sports bra and leggings for her afternoon run and headed out the door. Her feet made a rhythmic beating on the pavement as she thought back to her conversation with Joel Saturday morning. She'd woken up feeling guilty and conflicted about what had happened Saturday night at Bull Riders. She loved the flirting and flashing and attention she received, but she didn't want to jeopardize her marriage. At breakfast she told Joel how she felt hoping that he would help her feel better.
"Joel, I'm feeling kind of guilty about what happened last night," Shannon said as she took a sip of coffee and looked her husband deeply in his eyes.
"What are you feeling guilty about? Last night was awesome, I thought you had a great time?" Joel replied with a note of concern in his voice.
"It was, I loved every minute of it, but I don't want to do anything to jeopardize us. Your attention and our marriage are more important than anything in the world to me," Shannon said as she carefully watched Joel for his reaction.
"Didn't you have a great time last night?" Joel asked seriously.
"It was amazing, I haven't felt that much sexual excitement since the first year of us dating," Shannon said as she fondly remembered their animalistic fucking.
"I was feeling that same excitement! Listen, I love you more than the world. Nothing is ever going to change that. I promise we are in this new lifestyle together, that's what makes it so exciting," Joel reassured her.
"I guess I'm feeling guilty because I really wanted to suck Tad's cock in the van last night. You fucking me in front of him was so hot. He was so hard...I just wanted him in my mouth," Shannon said quietly.
Before she could continue Joel interrupted her. "I wanted you to suck his cock also, but I'm never going to push you to do something you're not comfortable with. We need to be in this together and trust each other one hundred percent. Nothing would turn me on more than inviting others into our sex lives! My trust in our relationship is deep. I know that, down in the deepest region of my being, nothing is going to change that. If you want to suck another's guys cock then it's ok with me. It's just sex, not love," Joel reassured her as he held and rubbed her hand.
"You know what, You're right, sex can be just sex for our enjoyment. I trust us completely and feel so much better knowing that were together in this lifestyle choice. We do need to set up some rules, don't you agree?" Shannon said with visible excitement.
"Ya, I think we need a safe word that we can say if either of us wants out of a situation. Let's use spider. That way we can say something like, I see a spider or I hate spiders,"Joel said as Shannon nodded her head in approval.
"Secondly, all our experiences have to involve us being together or the situation has to be agreed upon before hand. Anything else would be considered cheating to me," Shannon said with conviction.
"I agree, we are partners in this, I want all our experiences to be together for the enhancement of our sex lives. My only stipulation would be that we don't play with the same people more than a few times. The biggest excitement for me is new experiences with new people. Is their anything that is off limits to us?" Joel asked, eager to hear her response.
"I'm open to anything baby, I think we should experiment a little bit with everything. That way we can decide what we like and don't like," Shannon replied no longer feeling any guilt at all in her heart.
"Any ideas about what you want to experience first?" Joel asked her teasingly.
"Oh baby, you know I want to experience another cock along with yours at the same time!" Shannon said deviously as she thought of Tad jerking off in front of her.
"Do you feel better now? Because I love you and assure you we are in this together," Joel told her again.
"Yes babe, I have no more concerns. I love you so much, I know we are going to make some amazing memories together," Shannon replied as she passionately kissed her husband on the mouth.
Shannon's feet continued their rhythmic beating on the pavement as she rounded the corner to her street. With renewed confidence she entered the house to prepare for another night of sexual excitement.
The Bull riders club van was picking her up at nine to take her to the bar. Hopping in the shower she began to prepare for the evening. Shannon let the warm water engulf her body as she carefully shaved her pubic area creating a thin landing strip just like Joel loved. She dried and teased her long blonde hair before applying her makeup. The fluorescent red lipstick she chose matched the fluorescent red streaks she added to her blonde hair this week. On the bed lay her newly arrived goodies. First she pulled on a tiny, red lace micro thong that barely covered her pussy. Walking over to the bed she held up her first purchase, a little black pleather eight inch micro skirt that zipped up in the back. Carefully she pulled the tight pleather up to her hips and zipped up the back, loving the way it felt against her skin. Tight, and breathtakingly short the black pleather barely covered her ass and once again showed off every inch of her amazing legs. Next was the most daring top she had worn out so far. She chose a long sleeve button up black sheer blouse that was totally see through. Shannon slid into the thin, flimsy fabric with no bra and did her buttons up to the middle of her ample cleavage. For the coup de grace she pulled out a new pair of thigh high black leather high heal boots and slid them on. Standing up and examining herself in the mirror she nodded with satisfaction. The all black outfit contrasted wonderfully with her tanned body and long blond hair. The skirt was daringly short and the sheer top showed every inch of her torso. Her blouse left nothing to the imagination. Her pink areoles with her eraser hard nipples were clearly visible through the sheer top. Looking herself up and down in her full length mirror Shannon nodded in satisfaction. With a bounce to her step Shannon strutted downstairs to make a cocktail while she waited for the Bull Riders club van.
Joel raced to Bull Riders as soon as he could after he showered and changed knowing that his wife was already at the bar. His boss had kept the whole team working late Friday night on a last second emergency project. His cock stiffened as he quickly wove in and out of traffic imagining what sexy outfit Shannon was wearing as she waited for him. The thought of her probably getting hit on already had his pulse racing. Shannon texted him an hour earlier telling him that she had arrived and was fine. He replied that he would be there soon and for her to try not to get into too much mischief.
Joel snuck in and found a stool close to the entrance where he could observe the whole bar.
When he sat down he scanned the crowd for his wife hoping to catch a glimpse of her unaware.
He finally saw her on the opposite side of the bar chatting with a thirty something couple. The sight of her took his breath away. She was wearing a sheer black top that totally exposed her massive cleavage. At that moment Joel never felt so lucky in his life. Shannon was the type of girl that he would drool over if he was single, and he was the lucky bastard who stole her heart.
With a sense of pride Joel pulled out his phone and texted her.
"I'm here baby," Joel clicked out on his phone screen.
"K, I'm on the far side chatting with a nice couple I just met," Shannon tapped back.
"B over there in a sec, gonna get a drink from Tad. BTW, you look fucking amazing!" Joel's fingers replied.
"Omg, have you been watching me from across the bar?" Joel's phone beeped in response.
"Hehe, love the sheer top," Joel quickly tapped.
Two guys sat down on the stools next to Joel as Tad walked over to take his drink order.
"Shannon's looking fucking hot tonight, I mean fucking Wow!" Tad exclaimed.
"Ya, I just saw from across the bar, thought I would sit down and watch her a bit, to get an idea what she looks like from afar. That top is breathtaking, I never thought she would be that daring," Joel said with admiration.
"Well, she has definitely been getting eye fucked since she walked in," Tad laughed. "I love the way you guys are embracing the lifestyle, it's great for my business!" Tad chuckled. "What you drinking tonight."
"I'll take a Newcastle draft thanks," Joel answered.
Mason and Ryan slid into two open barstools right at the entrance to Bull Riders. They had heard from some friends that this was the best place to pick up horny chics. As they glanced around the bar they were sure glad they had made the choice to check this place out. There was an abundance of hot women dressed in the skimpiest outfits they had ever seen outside of a strip club. The only downside was that their was also an abundance of very good looking men all competing for their attention. Neither Mason or Ryan had ever been classified as anything but average, in fact, neither had been laid in over a year. They were sure hoping that would all change tonight. The bartender dropped off a beer to the single guy sitting next to them then came over and took their order.
"Holy shit Mason! Look at the blond across the bar, her shirt it totally see through!" Ryan told Mason with giddy excitement in his voice.
"Her tits are fucking huge, look at her nipples popping out! Oh my god, that is so sexy," Mason replied back to his best friend as he tried to raise himself up higher in his stool to getter a better view of the amazing women across the bar.
"The black haired chick next to her is smoking hot also, I think it's gonna be a good night buddy," Ryan chuckled back.
"I'm just imagining all the nasty things a slut like that could do to me," Mason said with lust in his eyes.
"Fuck that, I'm thinking about all the things I would do to her!"
Joel couldn't help but over hear the two guys next to him chatting about his wife. Hearing them talk about his wife had him rock hard. He slowly scooted himself closer so he could eavesdrop on more of their conversation. Every new comment her heard brought a bigger smile to his face.
"The guys next to me are totally checking you u out and talking about you," Joel quickly texted.
"Lol, I can see them staring from here, they must like my top."
"I think they like what's under the top, lmao, but hearing them talk about you has me horny AF!"
"I'm gonna stay in my seat here and I want you to come over and talk to them and tease them a little bit. I'll text you as you're talking to them. Pretend like you don't know who I am," Joel smiled devilishly as he punched out the text message.
Joel paused and quickly added another message. "And tell Tad before you come over not to let on to these guys that we know each other."
"Their not the type of guys I'm attracted to... but this could be a fun game to play! I'll be over there in a few minutes. I have to say good bye to Amy and Matthew," Shannon texted her reply, her heart beating faster with anticipation.
Shannon smiled at Mason and Ryan from across the bar. She licked her lips in anticipation of the dick tease she was about to give these two poor schmucks. She slid off her barstool and sexily walked her way around the bar to the two men her husband had told her to tease. As she walked around the bar she had never felt more sexy. Her beautiful tits were on full display through her sheer black top. Lusty eyes of men staring at her as she strutted by caused her nipples to become eraser hard and push out prominently against the flimsy sheer material of her blouse. She eased up to the bar next to Ryan and Mason and leaned provocatively over the bar as she waved Tad over.
"Hey Tad can I get another cocktail please?" Shannon cooed.
Ryan greedily stared at the blonde bombshell's ass as she bent over the bar to get the bartenders attention. Her black skirt rode up giving him a quick glimpse of her red thong. The bartender returned with the blondes drink when Ryan decided to take his shot.
"Put her drink on my tab please," Ryan told the bartender with a confidence he never knew he had.
Shannon turned towards Ryan and made sure he got a close up view of her fabulous 34ddd tits. She thought about her response as she slowly ran her tongue over her bright red lips. She never thought it was going to be so easy to get these guys to hit on her. She felt the now familiar exhilaration pulse through her veins as she was once again getting hit on by men who were not her husband.
"Thanks so much, but you shouldn't have," Shannon replied as she placed her lips on her straw and slowly took a long sip. "My names Shannon, I saw you and your friend checking me out from across the bar so I decided to come over and say hello."
"Wow really! Sorry we didn't mean to stare, but you're beautiful and your outfit is well...Awesome! I'm Ryan and this is Mason," Ryan said as Mason nervously said hi.
Shannon's phone beeped and alerted her to an incoming text message. She pulled her phone out of her purse with nervous anticipation not knowing what the message from her husband would say. She smiled at the two men as she read the message from Joel.
"Ask to sit between them, then Unbutton the top button of your blouse and ask them what they like so much about your outfit."
Shannon put her phone back in her purse and obediently followed her husbands directions. She felt her pussy begin to moisten with the thrill of this new tease Joel and her were engaging in.
"Nice to meet you, Ryan do you mind sliding down a stool so I can sit between you and Mason? That way I can get to know you both," Shannon asked sweetly.
"Sure, no problem," Ryan quickly agreed as he moved over sliding into the stool next to the single guy who came in earlier. He couldn't believe their luck, they were talking to one of the hottest women in the bar, and she was actually going to sit down with them. His six inch cock throbbed in his pants as he tried not to stare at her exposed tits visible through her sheer top.
Shannon brushed Mason's shoulder as she took the bar stool between the two men. Her black pleather mini skirt barely covered her bright red thong as she sat and crossed her deeply tanned legs. Shannon took another long deep gulp from her cocktail trying to give herself a little more liquid courage before she followed her husbands next direction. The slight buzz from three cocktails gave her all the courage she needed as she slowly undid the next button from her blouse exposing even more of her ample cleavage to the now wide eyed men.
"So...what about my outfit makes it so awesome?" Shannon asked teasingly as she slowly dragged her middle finger down the center of her chest to the deep valley between her breasts.
Mason almost choked on his drink when Shannon unbuttoned her top button exposing even more of her amazing tits. He had never been so mesmerized by a women before in his life. Her sexuality oozed off her like an intoxicating perfume. He didn't even try to stop staring anymore at the goddess sitting next to him. He was totally enthralled by her massive chest and slutty outfit.
"I'm just going to come out and say it! I love your sheer top, I love that I can see every amazing curve of your tits. It's sexy but slutty at the same time," Mason told Shannon.
"What about you Ryan what do you like so much about it?"
Ryan tried to adjust his rock hard cock that was straining to burst through the material of his pants before he replied. He saw Shannon smile slightly when she saw what he was doing. With a sheepish grin on his face he replied.
"I saw you sitting across the bar as soon as we sat down, and just like Ryan I noticed the sheer top! But what I love the most is your tiny black skirt." Ryan looked down at her skirt as he continued. "I love how short it is, how it shows off your amazing legs."
Shannon crossed and uncrossed her legs as Ryan talked about her skirt. Even though these were just average guys Shannon was still getting very turned on by the attention they were giving her. She glanced over at Joel who was sitting next to Ryan and gave him a devilish smile. Tad walked over and placed three shots in front of the group.
"Compliments of the gentleman over here," Tad said as he pointed to Joel. Tad winked slyly at Shannon as he slid the shots over.
"What's the name of the shot?" Mason asked.
"The gentlemen told me to make Shannon's favorite shot, it's called a cumshot!"
"You know how I like a good cumshot Tad, thanks so much."
Shannon held up her shot and thanked Joel who was pretending to be just another guy sitting at the bar. The four of them drained the shots in one fast gulp. Not to be outdone by the stranger next to him Ryan immediately ordered another round of shots for the group.
"You know what's better than a cumshot?" Ryan asked.
"Two cumshots!" Mason cheered.
" I don't know, I never taken two cumshots in a row before," Shannon demurely replied.
" I find that very hard to believe with the way you look tonight. I think you have taken your fair share of cumshots," Ryan teased.
Shannon giggled in response, not letting on that she had never before had more than one man cum on her at the same time before. The thought of multiple men spraying her body with cum caused her nipples to harden and her pussy to drip. The three talked and flirted for the next half hour when Shannon's phone beeped and alerted her to a new text message. She was waiting with nervous anticipation for Joel to send her another message. She was getting so turned on watching him quietly listen and watch her flirt. She made sure to push out and jiggle her tits every time she caught him looking.
"Tell them your husband just texted and you need to use the ladies room. When you get up make sure you spread your legs wide and give them a good glimpse of your pussy."
Shannon smiled as she read the message, she knew her husband wanted to listen to Ryan and Masons conversation when she left. She obediently followed Joel's directions.
"Umm, can you guys give me a second, my husband just texted me and I need to call him back. Can you save my seat while I run to the ladies room quick?" Shannon asked.
"Your husband?" Mason asked with confusion in his voice. He was so distracted by Shannon's voluptuous breasts that he had totally missed the diamond ring prominently displayed on her finger. He said fuck in his mind feeling all hope of maybe hooking up with this amazing slut flying out the window.
"Thanks guys,"
Shannon made sure to spread her legs wide as she twisted out of her bar stool. She saw Joel watching with a devilish smile on his face as Ryan got a beautiful look at her lacy red micro thong that barely covered her now dripping pussy. She ran her hand over both men's backs as she walked behind them on her way to the ladies room.
"Fuck" Mason exclaimed to Ryan. "Did you notice her wedding ring?"
"Dude I didn't notice a damn thing. I was to busy staring at her tits! And when I wasn't staring at her tits I was staring at her legs. Every time she crossed her legs I got a glimpse of her red thong! I've been hard the entire time she was over here," Ryan groaned.
"Tell me about it, you know how hard it is to adjust your cock when it's rock hard!"
"Fuck she is so hot! I actually thought we might have a chance with her. I can't believe she is fucking married! I was hoping one of us would get a piece of that ass tonight at least," Ryan sadly replied.
Joel listened intently as the two guys talked about his Hotwife. He never thought he would get this turned on watching his wife flirt and get hit on. The added bonus of sitting so near without them knowing had his cock aching. His reassuring conversation with Shannon earlier in the week filled him with a confidence to push her farther tonight than she had ever gone before. Shannon's outfit tonight screamed fuck me to every male in the bar. Listening to the men hit on her had him fantasizing about them covering her in their warm sticky cream. He knew that she wouldn't fuck these guys because she was very picky about looks, also he'd already decided that Tad would be her first conquest because she was so attracted to him. Sitting on his barstool Joel came up with a plan that was sure to make tonight a memorable one.
"These guys are so pissed you're married lmao!"
"I love watching you tease them, I'm so horny I want to bend you over and fuck you right now!" Joel quickly tapped out on his smartphone screen.
Joel's phone beeped with Shannon's reply.
"Mmm, I want that so bad! My pussy is drenched right now! I love acting like a slut in front of you!"
"What do you want me to do next baby?"
"I'm feeling very daring right now."
Joel's cock felt like it was going to burst through his zipper when his loving wife texted him saying she loved acting like a slut in front of him. It was hard to believe that just a few short weeks ago their sex life had been nonexistent and boring. Now, all he could do was day dream about sex, his wife, and all the new sexual adventures they were going to try. His sex drive had not been like this since he was a horny teenager getting a chubby from looking at every girl walking by him. With a mischievous grin he text his reply to his sexy Hotwife.
"When you come back, tell them that your husband has to work late and won't be making it out tonight."
"Then tell them he wants a picture of you with the two guys who are keeping her entertained."
"Next, ask me to take the picture with your phone and text me the picture."
Shannon smiled as she read the text messages from her husband. She snickered to herself knowing how he loved to take pictures of her. Glancing in the bathroom mirror she reapplied her red lipstick and squeezed her nipples making them hard before she texted her response. After hitting send she quickly made her journey through the bar back to the men.
"I love you so much, but I think we can do better than a few pictures. Think of something crazy baby! I'm on my way back now."
Joel read Shannon's reply and immediately knew what he wanted to see happen tonight. His cock throbbed and oozed precum as he visualized and formulated his plan. If all went well he would see his Hotwife sprayed with multiple loads of hot sticky cum by the end of the night.
Shanon eased back into her seat between Mason and Ryan making sure to thrust her tits out as she walked up. As she sat down Mason got a great up skirt shot of her spreading her legs and recrossing them on the barstool. Anxious energy had her nerve endings tingling with excitement. Thinking about what crazy dare her husband would come up with had her heart racing.
"I'm sorry my husband just told me he can't make it tonight. I've been waiting for him for three hours already. I wore this outfit just for him," Shannon told the men with a crestfallen look on her face.
"Are you ok? Do you want us to walk you out so you can go home?" Ryan asked as his insides churned with thoughts of seeing this sexy goddess leave him and his friend.
"Oh no, I plan on staying awhile! I didn't get dressed up like this just to go home early. Plus, why would I want to go already when I just met such wonderful company," Shannon teased.
"I hope you don't mind me asking...doesn't your husband doesn't care about you being out at a bar by yourself dressed so provocatively? If you were my wife, I would never let you out of my sight," Mason said with determination.
Shannon smiled at the quizzical looking men as she replied.
"Not only does my husband not mind, he encourages me to dress slutty! We trust each other completely and love meeting new people at the bar. In fact, he asked that I send him a photo of us all together so he can see the outfit I wore along with the men that are taking care of me tonight," Shannon purred.
Shannon leaned forward over Ryan letting her huge tits sway right in front of his face to ask Joel to take a pic.
"Excuse me honey, could you do me a huge favor a snap a few pics of me and my friends here?"
"Ummm, ok," Joel replied as Shannon handed him her phone and unlocked the passcode to access the camera.
"Why don't you all stand up. Make sure the lovely lady is in the middle," Joel directed the threesome.
Ryan and Mason stood and Shannon took her place between them making sure to push out her huge tits. Her nipples were swollen and visibly protruding out. She slyly hiked her skirt up exposing a small view of her thong as Joel snapped off three quick pics. Taking the pics had Joel so hot he decided to direct them for a few more shots.
"Those were good, but you guys should put your arms around her so you all look more relaxed and natural,"
Then men quickly agreed, wrapped an arm around her and pulled Shannon in close for three more shots. The sight of the men touching his wife filled Joel with lust. He wanted to bend his wife over and pound her sexy ass. He had to restrain himself to prevent ruining the deception. With his cock throbbing he took the pics and carefully handed the phone back to Shannon.
"Thanks so much honey, you know, you look so lonely over there by yourself. Why don't you slide closer and join us. My husband isn't going to make it tonight and I could use the company."
" I would love to, my friend hasn't showed up either and it's kind of awkward sitting by myself," Joel replied, not sure where his wife was going with this but quickly following her lead as he slid in closer to join the groups conversation.
Shannon took the phone and checked out the pics. She loved the way she looked sandwiched between the two men with her tits on full display. She almost couldn't wait any longer to get home and feel Joel's shaft penetrating her dripping pussy. She saw how extremely turned on Joel was by glancing at the bulge in his pants. She just knew sex tonight was going to animalistic and dirty. The thought of it sent a water fall of wetness through her pussy.
"These are hot pics, my husband is going to love them!" Shannon gushed as she attached the pics in a text message and hit send.
"I'm so glad he doesn't mind you staying out, it's definitely working to our benefit," Mason said as Ryan and Joel nodded in emphatic approval.
"I love to show off sexy outfits and meet new people. There is a term for me, my husband calls me a Hotwife. Have you guys ever heard of that term?" Shannon asked them as she took another long sip from her drink.
"The term definitely speaks for itself! My god, look at you! If you were my wife I would ravage you all damn day, every day," Ryan said as he eye fucked Shannon.
"Oooh, I bet you would, but could you handle this if you were my husband?" Shannon cooed as she reached over and rubbed Joel's crotch.
She slowly massaged his package in front of the two stunned men. Joel's crotch swelled visibly in front of the group as Shannon smiled dirtily.
"I just don't know if you could handle me boys. A Hotwife loves to tease men and exhibit her body for all to admire. My husband would never expect me to be ravaged by just one man. You would have to be ok with sharing me with others. It takes a strong man to allow that, that's why I love my husband so much. Buy me another drink, the more I drink the friskier I get," Shannon purred as she grabbed Mason and Ryan's hands and placed one hand on each on her inner thighs.
Joel's cock shot to full mast as soon as he saw his wife place the men's hands on her inner thigh. His balls tightened and ached with a nasty need to explode their creamy load all over his amazing Hotwife.
"Shannon, let me see your phone again, I'm sure your husband would love some pics of these two young guys with their hands on your sexy legs."
"Of course, it's like you know exactly what my husband would be thinking. I think you might have a good grasp on how to date a Hotwife," Shannon said as she winked and passed her phone over to Joel.
"Just hold on to my phone and snap pics whenever you feel like you see something my husband would like," Shannon said as Tad slid a fresh round of drinks in front of the group.
Tad tried not to stare too hard at Shannon as she toyed with the two guys at the bar. He hoped she would notice the message he had written underneath the bar napkin he had placed her drink on. He was pretty sure she would notice because she liked to fidget with her drink napkins as she chatted. If she didn't notice, he would make sure that she took the napkin home. He was confident as he wrote the message. He knew that hooking up with her was as inevitable as the sun rising. He had had thought for hours about what he should write and decided on. I am going to fuck you hard very soon! And you and Joel are going to love it! He smiled, thinking of her reaction as she read the blatant statement of fact on her napkin.
Joel snapped a few quick pictures of the guys hands on his wife's thigh's and smiled as she toyed with them. As the night wore on Shannon was becoming visibly drunk and more playful with the two men. He snapped a pic of Mason cupping her breast. He snapped a pic of Ryan standing behind her at the bar pushing his crotch against her ass. He snapped a picture of her sitting on her bar stool with her legs spread wide open with Mason standing directly against her crotch. He snapped a picture of Shannon exposing her right tit and flashing the camera. He snapped pictures of her walking to and from the the bathroom as the crowd's eyes followed her.
The last few pictures he snapped pushed him over the edge. Shannon turned toward him in her chair, spread her legs wide open and winked.
"I think my husband will like a shot of this," Shannon breathed heavily as she slid her red micro thong over, exposing her dripping pussy.
Joel snapped away with the iPhone excitedly before she recrossed her legs and adjusted her skirt. He could see the sexual need in his wife's eyes.
"I'm feeling quite tipsy, do you guys mind walking me out to he Bull Riders van? I'm really fucking horny and I need to get home. My husband would greatly appreciate it."
"Of course, just let us settle the tab up quick," Ryan replied.
Tad settled up the tab with Ryan and Mason. As he was saying goodbye Shannon leaned over the bar and whispered in his ear.
"Wait twenty minutes before sending the driver out. I have something to take care of first,"
"Your wish is my command, don't forgot your bar napkin," Tad replied as Shannon gave him a quizzical look. "See you next week sexy," Tad told her as she scooped up the bar napkin and slid it into her purse.
Shannon and the three men walked out the front door of Bull Riders. Shannon led them across the parking lot to the Bull Riders club van. Luckily for her the van was parked at the edge of the parking lot next to a wall. If they stood between the wall and the van the would be totally obscured from the parking lot which was perfect for what she had planned for the men.
"Thanks so much guys, do you mind waiting here with me until the driver comes out?"
"Of course, we would do anything for a goddess like you," Joel quickly replied, sensing where Shannon might be going with this.
"Really, would you do anything for me Mason? What about you Ryan?"
"Fuck yes," they both replied simultaneously.
"Well, I was thinking that my husband would love some pictures of you guys with your cocks out, stroking hard to me," Shannon cooed as she slowly grasped and rubbed her 34DDD tits in front of them.
Both men gasped and immediately pulled out their cocks before she could finish her sentence.
"Ohhh, that answers that question. Joel, pull your cock out also as you snap these pictures!
I want to see three hard cocks stroking to me," Shannon panted.
Shannon's pussy swelled up and soaked her tiny thong with warm wetness as she watched the three men pumping their hard cocks in front of her. She turned around and bent over exposing her ass and drenched thong to the men. She heard one of the men moan as she reached between her legs and ran her finger over her wet g-string. She turned around and smiled as she looked at her husbands awestruck face trying to snap pictures and masturbate at the same time.
"Show us your tits you horny slut," Ryan said as he jackhammered his hand up and down on his raging boner.
"Mmm, look at you talking dirty! You're right, I am a slut and you three guys are going to cover my tits in cum. When I get home my husband is going to fuck me with your hot seed still on my body," Shannon moaned.
She was feeling very tipsy from the alcohol, but the courage it gave her was exactly what she knew Joel and especially she wanted. She slowly unbuttoned her sheer blouse as all three men stroked their rock hard cocks in front of her. When she loosened the last button she pulled open her blouse and let her massive tits flop in the open air.
"Ohhh fuck, look at those nipples," Mason exclaimed as soon as Shannon's tits were released from her sheer blouse.
"I'm fucking dripping watching you guys stroke to me," Shannon moaned.
"Then fucking turn around and bend over so we can fuck you," Joel demanded.
"Mmmm, I wish I could baby, but I don't play without my husband," Shannon replied, even though she secretly wanted Joel to bend her over right there in front of these two horny men.
Shannon hiked her micro skirt up exposing her tiny red thong and squatted down in front of the three raging hardons. She panted and rubbed her dripping pussy as the three men stroked their throbbing cocks inches from her face. Joel snapped pictures of her looking at the camera with three cocks surrounding her. All three men were visibly oozing precum. The sight of it sent her over the edge.
"Fucking spray my tits with your cum!"
"Cover me!"
"Send me home covered in a sticky mess for my husband!" Shannon cried as she masturbated and writhed in front of the three men.
Ryan was the first to explode. "Ahhhh, he groaned as he eased up close and ejaculated two thick shots of warm jizz over her tits.
Ryan's warm load began to slide down between the swell of Shannon's tits as Mason came close to climax.
"Mason, I know you can do better than Ryan's two tiny squirts! Treat me like a slut and cum on me baby!" Shannon teased as Mason eased up in front of her.
Shannon grabbed her tits underneath and held them up for Mason as he hammered up and down on his cock.
"CUMMING!" Mason yelled as he shot Two thick ropes of cum across Shannon's tits. Moaning he shook out a few more drops and dropped them across her chest. "Your next Joel, this slut is all yours!" Mason panted as he back away.
Joel eased up to his wife, never feeling so horny in his life. Her chest was covered in white cream and he had never seen her so exotic and intoxicating to him. Seeing the cum glistening and oozing down her chest brought him to climax. He pumped his six inch cock like never before and cried out.
"Take this load you sexy bitch!" Four long hot ropes of cum pumped out from the head of his cock! His balls pumped cum out like a firehose exploding and sprayed all over his wife's dripping chest. Joel snapped a few more pics of his wife's cum covered torso as she stood up and buttoned up her sheer blouse with the cum still dripping down between her massive breasts. He handed her the phone and lightly brushed his fingers over her hand in thanks as she took the phone.
"That was amazing! Thanks so much guys, maybe if your lucky we can play again sometime," Shannon said as her chauffeur emerged from around the corner of the van.
"You ready to go ma'am, or would you like a few moments?"
"I'm ready to go," Shannon replied as she climbed into the backseat of the Bull Riders van. She blew a kiss to the men through the window as the van pulled away.
"How was your night ma'am," the driver asked as her ogled her cum covered chest through the rear view mirror.
"Perfect, just perfect, thanks for asking," Shannon replied as she scrolled through all the pictures her husband had taken throughout the night.
"I'll give you $100 tip to get me home as soon as possible, I want to surprise Joel before he gets home," Shannon said
The driver raced home and dropped Shannon off in the driveway. She quickly went to her toy drawer, found her favorite thick ten inch real skin dildo. She made her way back out to the family room, slid off her drenched red micro thong, stripped off her top and squatted down on her dildo reverse cowgirl style. The first thing she wanted Joel to see as he entered the House was her cum soaked torso riding her favorite thick dildo. She moaned in pleasure as she eased the thick dildo into her snatch. She imagined Tad thrusting inside her as Joel watched. The thought of Tad reminded her of the bar napkin he told her to take. She reached over to the couch, retrieved her purse and found the napkin. She read the note from Tad and moaned. I am going to fuck you hard very soon, and you and Joel are going to love it, it said.
"Oh, yes you are Tad," Shannon whispered as she began to bounce up and down on her dildo. She slammed her sopping pussy onto the dildo with a renewed vigor as she waited for Joel to come through the front door. And what a sight he would see, her black leather micro skirt hiked up to her waist, her torso covered and dripping with cum, and her big tits bouncing up and down as she rode her favorite dildo!