My name is Tony and my 30 year old partner's name is Cindy. We are professional photographers. I have been in the business for more than 25 years. Cindy has been with me for more than ten years now.
A couple of months ago I got a call from a woman named Lisa who wanted me to do a very special shoot. I made an appointment to meet with her to discuss the job.
When we met, I was mesmerized by her beauty. To say she was gorgeous was an understatement. She stood about 5'7" and was trim and well endowed. Her long black hair cascaded down her lower back. Her green eyes were overwhelmingly sexy.
We sat in my office and she told me that her 25th wedding anniversary was coming up and she wanted a photographer to take video and stills of her and her husband expressing their love. She didn't want an x- rated video but one of taste and dignity that portrayed their love for each other.
I told her I have never done one like that and I would have to think about it on how it could be done to her satisfaction and taste. I told her I would get back to her in 24 hours.
I discussed the proposal with Cindy and we came up with ideas on how to do the shoot tastefully. I called Lisa and told her we would do it. I asked her and her husband to stop by to finalize the arrangement.
The next day Lisa and her husband, John came in.
I told them that Cindy and I figured out a way to do what she wanted. I told them that the cost of the shoot would be $10,000 and that covered everything, including the venue. I told them that the shoot would be done over two nights and it will be done in a beautiful cabin in the Catskills.
I also told them that there was always a possibility of some physical contact for posing and such. They said that would be expected and wouldn't be a problem.
They agreed and the contract was signed. The shoot would be done in two weeks.
After they left, I booked the cabin and made all the arrangements. I gave Lisa the address and told them to get there by noon on the tenth. I also told her to bring whatever personal items she wanted for the shoot...things they would normally use at home, including any lingerie.
The day before the shoot, Cindy and I took all our needed equipment and supplies and drove up to the cabin. For some reason I took several personal videos that Cindy and I made just in case. We unloaded our car and brought everything inside.
We cleaned up the place. We got the hot tub prepared and got our camera equipment ready. We even put some logs in the fireplace.
The cabin was a three bedroom log cabin. It had a full kitchen, dining area, living room, huge fireplace, hot tub, a wrap around deck, a sauna, an outside shower and a lake about 500' from the cabin. To say it was a romantic place was putting it mildly.
Now, just so you know, but you probably already guessed, Cindy and I are much more than business partners, if you know what I mean.
The morning of the shoot, we had breakfast and went over the details of the shoot and how we would do it. I would be doing the video and Cindy taking stills, at least in the beginning.
We marked where the cameras would be and figured out the best angles for the shoot. After a few hours, we were all set.
Around 11:30 a.m., our clients pulled into the driveway.
We welcomed them to the cabin and showed them to their bedroom. Once they settled in, we gave them a tour and let them know that we had everything set.
Over lunch they said they were a bit nervous but I assured them that this shoot would be tastefully done.
Cindy asked them how personal did they want to be taped? She asked if they wanted to be completely exposed or not at all.
Lisa said that when they made love there would be no restrictions in taping.
I told them that we would be discreet in the camera angles and when penetration was happening, we would pan the angle away.
John said "no" and that it would be ok for us to tape every part of the lovemaking act. Lisa agreed with him.
It was now 2:00 p.m. and we told them it was time to start.
We all went into the bedroom and Cindy started snapping away and I started taping them, using my tripod and moving the camcorder accordingly.
I told them to start whenever they wanted...we would not say anything but tape what they were going to do naturally.
They took deep breaths and they both started removing their clothes. Lisa was gorgeous naked. Her tits were full and her nipples already swollen. Her smoothness was a vision of beauty.
As John dropped his thong, his hard cock popped out along with his big balls.
Cindy was doing her thing and I kept taping. As the two lovers embraced, I moved the camera to get the best angles.
After they did a lot of feeling each other up I got great video of them tongue kissing and their tongues playing together as they exchanged their saliva.
Soon they fell to the bed. Their bodies wrapped around each other. When Lisa started playing with John's cock, I got some good closeup video of Lisa moving her hand up and down his shaft.
The video of her legs spreading open was terrific. I got a closeup of her wetness being visible and oozing down her thigh.
Throughout all of this, nobody said a word. Cindy and I just let them alone and be natural.
I moved the camera closer when Lisa started sucking his cock. She never looked at the camera but just kept sucking his cock. Then in an instant, she managed to emgulf his balls in her mouth as she deep throated him.
I kept taping as she kept taking his balls in her mouth along with his cock.
After a few minutes, she straddled his cock and I got a great shot of his cock disappearing into her cunt until it was deep inside her.
I got great video of her riding his cock and her tits bouncing up and down. It didn't take long before John told her he was cumming.
I got a great shot of him cumming as she lifted her cunt off of his cock. His cum shot straight up, hitting her pussy and going down her thighs.
Lisa slid off of her husband and I got great video of John's cum still spurting out his cock as he laid besides his wife.
His cum was oozing down her thighs and made a great shot.
Lisa then asked us to stop taping and we did.
They both got up and said they were going to clean up and be back in a bit.
Now, knowing that people behave differently in front of others, Cindy and I installed several hidden cameras throughout the cabin, notably in their bedroom, in the bathroom (facing the shower) and in the hot tub area.
We figured that their private love making is what we wanted to capture, not just them fucking.
After an hour or so the couple appeared all cleaned up and smiling.
I told them we got great video and stills and will be reviewing them later tonight. They said they enjoyed the shoot and were looking forward to the next segment later this evening.
At dinner, Lisa asked about me and Cindy. I told them that we were partners and enjoyed working together. Then Lisa just blurted out, "Do you guys fuck each other?"
I looked at Cindy and she looked at me and told Lisa, "Why yes we do. Tony is a great lay and we both enjoy sex together.'
Lisa just smiled and said, "Maybe John and I should be taping you two."
Cindy said, "Lisa, you don't have too. We take our own sex videos."
Taken by surprise, Lisa smiled and asked me if Cindy and I would show her and her husband some of our videos. I told Lisa that maybe we could work something out as I smiled at Cindy.
Lisa asked what I had in mind. Before I could answer her, Cindy said that we could swap partners for acouple of hours and tape the encounter.
I told them that I brought a couple of our personal videos just in case they wanted to see our work.
Lisa looked at her husband and they both said ok.
I brought out two tapes and showed them one of them. After they saw that one, Cindy got up and took John by the hand and went into one of the bedrooms. I took Lisa and went into thr other bedroom.
About two hours later we all came out of the rooms smiling.
It was now getting late and we said our goodnight and went to our bedrooms.
The next day we all got up late and had breakfast.
Cindy showed them our second tape and the four of us swapped partners as we watched the tape.
As the tape played, we all fucked.
As it was getting late, the second phase of taping Lisa and John began.
The session went on a long time and finally ended after midnight.
I told Lisa that we will have the finished product ready gor them next week.
The next morning, Lisa and John left and Cindy and I gathered all our equipment and loaded our car.
Before we left, Cindy and I had one more fuck.
A few days after we got back, Cindy called Lisa and told her the tape and still were ready and to come over tomorrow.
The next day, Lisa and John came by.
We set up the dvd player and showed them what we captured.
They were amazed. They asked how we got the video. I told them that we planted hidden cameras throughout the place to get natural action, not just their fucking.
I told them that I thought the best scene was when John slid his cock in her ass and the camera was in the perfect spot to capture that shot.
They saw the entire video and thanked us for a great job. Cindy gave them all the stills as well.
Cindy and I celebrated that night for sure.