It's a beautiful moonlit night, but the pool is surprisingly empty. What fools these mortals be.
You decide to take a quiet swim, just you and the moonlight. After the initial shock of the cool water, it begins to touch your body in sensuous ways, like light fingertips touching your skin.
You swim languidly to the shallow end and lean against the side, near a water jet that's pumping filtered liquid back into the pool with the force of a fire hose. Settling back against the pool's wall, you let the jet blow between your legs, closing your eyes and enjoying the sensation. As your breathing quickens, you let a cool, wet hand slip under your swimsuit bottom, a finger urgently rubbing your clit as the water stimulates your submerged pussy.
As you get closer to orgasm, your movement becomes more pronounced. One hand steals beneath your swimsuit top and begins massaging the hard nipple there. Your clit is swollen and sensitive and as you think about what you're doing and where you're doing it, your climax consumes your body.
You can feel the goose bumps on your legs as you start back down from the precipice. Breathing slowing, fingers less urgent, you sigh and open your eyes.
And see me standing right in front of you in the pool.
You're startled at first, then embarrassed by what I've just seen. You start to say something but I put a wet finger against your lips to stop you.
Putting my hands on your hips, I lift you gently, placing you on the side of the pool. Then my fingers hook in the hips of your swimsuit and pull it down your legs. I toss it in the water where it floats quietly away.
Putting your legs over my shoulders, I place my mouth at your recently-pleasured pussy and taste. Mmmmm. Full-bodied. Rich. My tongue flicks over your sensitive clit and I kiss your pussy twice as you moan to the dark night. I pull you forward and you put your hands back on the deck, angling your hips for my hungry mouth. I put my hands on your ass and lift you, dipping my tongue into your honey cunt and letting my nose stimulate your clit.
You gasp and, pushing against the concrete deck, thrust your hips upward, trying to get more of my tongue deep into you. You're watching me tongue-fuck you in the moonlight, you feel my hands squeezing your ass and pulling you tighter to my mouth. I wiggle my tongue as much as I can inside you, but you're so tight and I can feel your cunt muscles gripping me as I devour you.
I moan and the vibration travels up my throat, down my tongue and into you. With a cry, you convulse and cum on my tongue, pressing your heels into my shoulders and raising your ass completely off the pool's edge. As you come down, it's quite natural for you to slide forward and I ease you gently back into the water with me.
Your arms go around my neck and you kiss me, tasting the pussy on my lips and tongue. I slide my hands under your top, caressing those sexy breasts. Your legs wrap around me and you're suspended by the water and my body.
Reluctantly letting go of your breasts, I reach down to slide my trunks off my hips. My cock has been hard since I first saw you and now it's pressing against you as you kiss me. With only a minor adjustment, I station my cock between your legs and thrust gently, burying my hot shaft deep into your accommodating pussy.
You moan into my mouth, but don't stop kissing me. I pump carelessly, as if we had all the time in the world. The water makes it like an anti-gravity ballet. I can move you up and down on my dick, or circle your hips to stir you, or just flex inside you. It doesn't matter. Your body is pressed tightly to mine, your tongue is in my mouth, your cunt is squeezing my cock and the moonlight is casting electric sparkles on the water.
Our breathing gets quicker. We can't keep our lips together and breathe, so we pull apart panting.
I work our way back to the side of the pool. Turning you, I put your hands on the edge and lift your legs until you're bent in front of me, ass just out of the water. I lick you carefully from clit to ass, then put my cock into your tight wet pussy and thrust slowly. Your pussy invites my cock deeper, sucking me inside you until I can feel the head pressing against your cervix.
I pull back and thrust into you, my wet body slapping yours. Water is flying. I can see the beads of liquid glistening on your ass and I slap them playfully with my hand.
I slap the other cheek and you jump, groan and cry out, not from the pain but from the excitement. My cock is so hard in you that you can feel every vein along the shaft. The rubbery head is plunging deep. You're pushing against the concrete deck and arching at the waist, fucking me back with your whole body.
I grab your hair at the base of your neck and pull you back against me as I thrust forward.
I know you like that image. My sexy bad girl who loves the feel of my hard cock because she knows how aroused her body makes me.
I pound my cock into you, slapping your ass with my hips and making the water splash around us. My dick is swelling in you, stretching your tight cunt. You reach under and rub your wet clit while I let my water-pruned fingertips brush the sides of your full breasts, then cup them through your swim top. I can feel your hard nipples straining the wet fabric.
Your back arches and your climax explodes from deep inside, manifesting itself in your cries of pleasure as you buck and lurch against my hips, impaling yourself on my hard dick.
You build to another orgasm, collapsing in spasms of pleasure that start from between your legs and launch up your spinal column to lodge in the pleasure centers all through your body. I gently rub your back and bottom as you slowly return to earth.
I'm still hard. Carefully, you turn around and take me in both hands, pumping my wet and sticky shaft and watching my face. You lean forward and run your tongue over the slick purple head, then open your mouth to take me inside.
I groan from the sheer pleasure of your warm mouth on my turgid cock.
Your eyes lock on mine as you take me out of your mouth and run your tongue along the shaft. I love the feeling of your lips on my cock as you hold it in your hand and plant tiny kisses along the side, then take me back into your mouth and suck. All the time, your eyes never leave mine.
I watch you roll over on your back, your head tilted back over the edge of the pool, hair floating in the water. I know what you want. Stepping forward, I gently begin to fuck your mouth as you loosen, then take off your swim suit top. You massage your breasts and work your nipples as I pump into your mouth being careful not to go too deep and choke you. I can feel your tongue working the head, the suction as you pull me deeper.
One of your hands goes to your trimmed pussy and you begin rubbing yourself, knees bent, pushing your hips up to meet your fingers' attention.
I'm getting close.
But so are you.
As your hips launch up and stay, lifting your ass off the pool deck and your fingers work feverishly, I pull my cock from your mouth and launch ropes of white cum all over your tits and neck. When you feel the hot, sticky liquid, you join me in a final climax, crying out as you watch my hand squeeze the last cum from my cock.
I hold up your head to kiss your mouth, scraping a dollop of cum from your chin with my finger. Then I take all of you in my arms and we go for a quiet float in the pool, naked in the moonlight, conspiratorially enjoying the secret act we just committed and wondering where we'd be next when the mood would carry us away.