Carol had woken Sammy up by kicking her tent. She didn't want to go pee by herself, and Sammy's tent was conveniently placed within kicking distance.
Sammy, squinting in the harsh morning light, crawled out of her tent and grumbled something about having to pee too. So off they went.
Carol had wrapped a large sarong around herself, tying it behind her neck so that it fell around her like a loose dress. Her brown hair was piled on top of her head in a loose bun, strands of it falling across her face. Plastic flip-flops smacked happily against her heels as she walked to the porte-potty.
Having just emerged out of her tent, Sammy slipped on her furry boots, tied her curly blond hair in a loose ponytail, and headed out.
The boots and the elastic in her hair were her only bit of clothing.
Carol grinned at the curvy naked Sammy walking besides her.
"Good for you. I don't think I would have the guts," she told her, smiling.
"Give it a day. It feels fan-tas-tic!" said Sammy, stretching her arms up to get rid of the morning muscle aches.
Her breasts moved up with her arms, becoming perfect large round globes tipped with pale pink nipples.
A young man on a bicycle was passing by, caught sight of the naked Sammy and those perfect breasts, and nearly fell into a tent. He wobbled away, looking over his shoulder at her retreating ass, which happened to be just as round and perfect as her breasts.
The trip to the porte-potty was fairly short and pleasant. The air was still cool from the night, though the sun was bright and shining in the blue sky. They were walking along one of the broad and curving streets that had been set-up by the organizers of the festival. Tents, cars, RVs, and colorful home-made shade structures lined the street. Many campers had set themselves up with a gleeful desire to make their desert environment as vibrant as possible, planting pink flamingos, draping flags and colorful fabrics across poles and guide-lines, or even setting up entire living rooms, complete with couches and table lamps.
Carol and Sammy took it all in, laughing at the ridiculous decorations, waving to the few people who were awake. Their full bladders forced them to refuse an offer of pancakes.
Sammy, of course, was in heaven. At first she had been pleasantly nervous, her nipples tight as she stepped onto the street to start her walk. But she quickly relaxed, and was now completely comfortable in her naked state. Though every time she felt someone's eyes trace the curves of her body, or fall into the Y of her hips that led to her shaved little pussy, an electrical tingle shot through her body. She felt herself becoming moist. She wanted that feeling to continue forever, and decided there and then not to wear clothing for the rest of her trip.
Carol just watched and chuckled as every man they passed tried to unhinge his head in order watch her go by. But no one whistled or made comments. They just received smiles, from men and women alike.
And then they reached one of the line of porte-potties that was scattered throughout the campground. That was less pleasant, but the morning pee was a ritual that could not be ignored.
Feeling lighter and relaxed, they headed back to their camp.
Walking in the opposite direction revealed new sights they had not noticed before, because somehow that's how Burning Man works. At the street corner, they noticed a large red dome, with a scattering of other smaller domes and tents attached to it. A large sign was attached over the entrance, and in big letters were the words "Orgy Dome."
They both stopped and stared.
"You're kidding," said Carol.
A big rectangular tent, a carport really, was set-up in front of the dome itself. It seemed to serve as the antechamber, with bags and piles of clothes scattered around underneath it. People were obviously inside.
Carol stared wide-eyed at it. A slight tremor ran though her body.
"Wanna try it?" Asked Sammy.
Carol turned to her, her eyes wide with an excitement that almost scared her.
"Really?" She breathed.
"When the fuck are we going to have a chance to do something like this again?" exclaimed Sammy.
Carol stopped two young men who were walking by. They had noticed Sammy, and gladly stopped to talk.
"Do you guys know what that is?" asked Carol.
"That's the Orgy Dome," replied one of the guys, a skinny blond dressed only in a pair of shorts, his bronzed body hinting at a life spent on a beach or a surf board.
"Do you need tickets of anything? I mean, is it really, like..." stammered Carol.
"A dome where they have orgies? yeah. It's couples-only though. Otherwise I think you can just go in" he replied.
"Have you guys ever been in it? Is it cool?" Asked Sammy.
"No, we don't have girlfriends...why, are you interested?" asked the other guy, who sported a fizzy brown afro, and happened to be wearing a pink bathrobe.
"Yeah..." said Carol, almost under her breath.
"Like..now?" Asked the brown hair guy.
"You guys up for it?" asked Sammy.
The two guys exchanged a quick glance before looking at Carol and Sammy again. Sammy was glorious, curvy in the right way, her body full but still firm with the energy of youth. Carol, despite the sarong that covered her body, was obviously pretty and in shape, and the perky breasts that pushed against the thin fabric promised to be delightful.
The young blond guy became suddenly very agitated.
"Okay, you guys have to stay right here, just, give me two minutes! One minute! I'll be right back!"
He took off running for the porte-potties.
"He really had to pee, hu," said Carol.
"Yeah," replied the brown haired, pink bathrobe wearing young man. He was darker than his friend, brown instead of tan, his features fuller, almost Middle Eastern.
"Do you have to pee?" asked Sammy.
"Yeah, but I can wait," he replied, tense.
"That's going to be uncomfortable once we're in there. You sure you don't want to go?" asked Carol, pointing at the nearby Porte-potties.
A wave of dread flooded the young man.
"Are you guys punking us? Are you going to leave if I go?" He asked, nervously.
"We'll be right here, I promise, " said Carol.
The young man started moving towards the porte-potty. "Promise?" he asked, slightly panicky.
Sammy pushed her breasts together and pouted.
"Just hurry," she said.
He took off like a shot. His friend was already running back, pulling up his shorts. They high-fived as they crossed path.
"Are you sure?" Carol asked Sammy, before the blond dude was within earshot.
"Hell yeah. And if we don't like it, we just walk away. But we stick together, right?" replied Sammy.
"Absolutely. You promise you're not going to think less of me or something? If we do stuff in there? What if I act like a huge slut?" asked Carol nervously.
Sammy chuckled.
"No judgement, no shame. Make me proud, " she replied.
Getting in was easy. They simply dropped their shoes in a pile, and after a brief lecture about hygiene and consent by a smiling attendant, they were let in. It was rather surreal, since all the while the attendant was casually sipping his coffee and telling them about the towels, Carol's mind was grabbing her by the ovaries and shouting "YOU ARE ABOUT TO HAVE AN ORGY!"
The inside of the tent was warm already, the air tinted red by the overhead fabric. The floor was a jumble of carpets on top of which pillows and a few low couches were scattered. There was no sound, apart for the heavy breathing and gentle moaning of a naked woman who was sitting on the couch, legs spread, while a man was gently nibbling at her clit.
Two other naked couples were lounging on the couches, watching, lazily touching each other. It was both intensely erotic and completely relaxed. They turned to look at the new arrivals before retuning their gaze to the moaning woman.
One of the men kept his eyes fixed on Sammy, which immediately turned her on. She was no longer nude on the street, she was naked in front of a stranger.
"Wow.." said the blond dude, under his breath, as he took in the scene.
Carol felt oddly and immediately comfortable. This was home, this was the place where no one was going to judge her for what she was about to do. She felt centered and calm, sure of her next actions, sure of her desires.
After a quick exchange of glances with Sammy, Carol took their dates by the hand, leading them towards the center of the dome. She turned to face them, draping her arms around their shoulders. She kissed the blond on the mouth, then the other young man. She returned to the blond, kissing him more deeply now, her tongue pushing his mouth open. Their hands started to roam across her body, pushing the sarong open, revealing long slivers of naked flesh. Carol went from one to the other, kissing them, pressing her body against them.
Finally she dropped to her knees.
Carol pulled down the shorts of the young blond man, and pushed off the ridiculous pink bathrobe off the other. She found two hard cocks bobbing in front of her face. Carol licked her lips before tentatively touching them, taking a cock in each hand.
Sammy sat a few feet away, watching. She opened her legs, making sure the other man was still watching her, making sure he had a clear line of sight to her pussy. She let her fingers flutter across the lips of her pussy.
One of the guys put his hand on Carol's head, pulling her towards his cock. She ducked under the hand, refusing the pressure. Instead she took long licks, from balls to tip, of each of the cocks, tasting them as if they were ice cream cones. She started a slow stroking of the two cocks, her eyes fixed on the pink shafts in front of her face, her hand moving smoothly up and down, cupping the sensitive tips.
Sammy had locked eyes with the man across the dome, who was watching her while idly stroking the belly of his female companion. He was lying on his side, propped up on his elbow, her lying on her back, head resting on her folded arm. Sammy could see his flaccid cock begin to thicken. His eyes were locked on her pussy. She pulled the lips of her sex apart, exposing the darker pink folds within it. Her finger tip grazed her clit, sending a shudder through her.
The young men were stroking Carol's shoulders, her back. One untied the sarong and it fell to the ground, revealing her body. She was petite, her body toned, her breasts high and round, tipped with brown little nipples. Her skin was tanned and smooth, apart from the triangles of pale untanned flesh that framed her breasts and pubis, evidence of her tanning habit, highlighting the small dark fan of fur that crowned the slit of her pussy.
The young blond man reached down and started to play with her breast.
Carol looked up at the two of them.
"I want you to fuck me," she said softly.
She laid back, right there in the middle of the dome, and spread her legs open. Her pussy blossomed open, revealing the wetness that oozed already from her depth.
The brown-haired guy ran towards a basket of condoms that had been thoughtfully left by the attendant. He tossed one to his blond friend.
Within seconds he was on his knees, properly sheathed, and placing the purple head of his cock at the entrance of Carol's wet pussy. She reached out to him, wrapping her legs around his waist, and pulled him in. They both cried out with pleasure.
He got the hint and started pumping in and out of her. Carol relaxed, letting her arms and legs drop. She looked at the other young man, reaching out to him. He approached, and she guided his hips to her face, his cock to her mouth. He groaned as her lips closed over the tip of his cock, her moans muffled by his cock as it slid deeper into her mouth. With one hand on his skinny ass, she pushed his cock into her mouth, sucking it hungrily.
Sammy had been distracted by that, and had momentarily forgotten her audience. It was incredibly hot to watch Carol, a friend, someone she had worked with for a few years now, so hungrily devour those cocks.
She was not the only one who was distracted. Everyone in the dome was watching Carol and her two studs. Even the woman who had been so pleasantly serviced was now cuddling with her man, watching.
One of the couple on the side moved. The woman, a tall and skinny brunette, crawled over to Carol. She laid on her stomach and took one of Carol's nipples in her mouth. Carol arched her back, shuddering at the new sensation. The woman started licking and sucking that little nipple, drawing it out with her teeth and lips, which made Carol squirm even more.
The brunette's partner moved forward, sitting on her legs. He was stroking and impressive cock back to full rigidity, watching Carol with that cock in her mouth, the other in her pussy.
He tilted his hips and slid his hard cock in his partner's pussy, from behind. She moaned, moving her hips in response. They started a slow rhythm as she continued to suck on Carol's nipple.
Sammy watched, legs wide open, her fingers flying over her clit, now completely caught up in the scene unfolding in front of her. Her large breasts heaved as her breath quickened.
The other coupe had shifted. It was obvious that he had slipped his cock into his partner's pussy, fucking her slowly from behind, watching hungrily over her shoulder as Carol and Sammy continued their show.
The woman on the couch crawled over to Sammy.
"Can I?" she asked softly.
Before she could fully understand the question, Sammy nodded yes. The woman crawled closer and dipped her head between Sammy's thighs. Her soft lips replaced Sammy's fingers on her clit. A warm tongue parted the slick lips of her pussy, making Sammy cry out. It was the first time a woman's tongue had been on her pussy. The moment, the feeling , the public nature of it all almost made her cum. The woman pushed deeper into her, pushing Sammy's legs wider open, digging her tongue deeper into Sammy's small and bald pink pussy.
The woman's partner approached. He lifted her hips up, placed his cock at the entrance of her pussy and started to push, hard, fucking her. Ass up and face down, the woman was pushed into Sammy's pussy with every thrust. Sammy could only lay back and enjoy as wave after wave of pleasure shot from her clit across her body. Sammy grabbed one of her own breasts and started tugging at her nipple. An orgasm was building, quickly, and it was going to be huge.
The dome was silent except for the wet sounds of flesh on flesh and ragged breathing.
The blond dude pumping away in Carol grunted, hunched over her, and came. He staggered back, pulling out of her with a wet plop. Carol moaned in disappointment. She immediately pushed the cock out of her mouth and pulled it towards her pussy, forcing the young man attached to it to scamper over her and place himself between her legs. He unrolled a condom and pushed in, his thin cock swallowed by the plump lips of her sex.
Carol moaned in pleasure. She kept her eyes screwed shut, focussed on her pleasure. She tugged at the head resting on her chest, pulling the woman up to her face, kissing her hungrily. They two women kissed and licked at each other's tongue, Carol holding on to the woman's face with both hands. The young man between her legs held on to her splayed knees, pushing them back, pushing deeper in to her pussy with each thrust. Carol moaned into the woman's mouth. He pushed harder, faster. He wasn't going to last much longer.
The woman's partner was barely moving, just slowly sliding his cock in her pussy, keeping hard. The young man between Carol's legs grunted and finished. He pulled back, dropping Carol's knees. Carol started to move her hips, her opened pussy like a hungry mouth looking for more food. Her thighs were streaked with lines of moist dust, her pussy opened, red and dripping wet.
That was the sign for the other man to move. He pulled out of his partner and stepped between Carol's legs. He knelt, pulling her hips to him. HIs partner stopped kissing Carol to turn her head and watch as he rolled a condom on his large cock. He placed the tip of it against Carol's pussy. She gasped. He pushed a bit, the thick head of his cock popping inside of her. His dick was thick, spreading her apart. His partner snaked a hand across Carol's belly, through her little patch of pubic hair and onto her pussy. She started to rub Carol's clit. He pushed. The whole length of his cock was swallowed by Carol's sex, her pussy lips distending around it.
Carol cried out. "Oh, fuuuuck.."
The man started to push back and forth, a deep long rhythm that he could easily sustain, a plowing that sent Carol in another world. Her back arched, her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she started emitting a low continuous moan.
Sammy was not watching anymore. She had grabbed hold of the woman's head and pulled it deeper onto her pussy. Sammy was shaking uncontrollably, orgasm after orgasm shooting from her pussy to her head, to her feet, and everything in between. The rest of the world had stopped existing as her body glowed and pulsed with pleasure.
The woman's partner was hanging on to her hips, pounding his cock into her from behind. A final burst of pleasure shook Sammy, her clit now on fire, over-sensitive.
Sammy had to finally pull the woman off of her pussy, kissing her, tasting her own pussy juices on the woman's tongue. They held each other as Sammy caught her breath. The woman collapsed on top of her, her man still pounding her from behind. Sammy held her in her arms, feeling her body shake with every thrust. Finally an orgasm racked the woman's body as her man clutched her hips, spasmed, came deep inside of her before collapsing to the side.
The three became a sweaty entangled mass of arms and legs, their breath ragged and heavy. They played there for a few moments, calming down. Sammy turned her head to watch what Carol was up to,
Carol was digging her fingernails into the man's chest as he pounded her pussy with his large cock. The woman's hand was flying across Carol's clit as she whispered words of encouragements to her. But Carol didn't need any encouragements. Her head was thrown back and her mouth wide open, almost as open as her legs. She had wrapped them around the man's waist, pulling him deeper inside of her, fucking herself with his large cock. Suddenly she shook and flayed around as if hit by an electric shock, convulsing over and over again.
The guy pulled out, whipping the condom off his cock. He placed his cock against the outside of the wet lips of Carol's pussy, the shaft sliding back and forth on her clit. Carol gasped. The woman moved down from Carol's nipple to take her man's cock in her mouth. He thrusts once, twice, before sending jets of cum down her throat. Carol curled into a ball, pulling herself off that cock that had so thoroughly speared her, that was now pressed against her clit. She fell in a fetal position on her side, trembling.
The two young men they had walked in with were sitting on the couch, still naked, watching Carol recover. They looked both aroused and shocked, hesitant but hungry for more.
Sammy giggled.
She got up slowly, extricating herself from the pile of happy sweaty people she was under.
She crossed over to Carol to stroke her back. Carol was breathing deep, but seemed utterly relaxed.
Sammy continued over to the two guys on the couch, finally standing in front of them. She leaned over and, first one, then the other, held their head in her hands and kissed them on the lips, slow and deep. She made sure her breasts brushed against their chests as she did so.
"Thank you," she said. "We need to go back to our friends now."
"Where are you guys camping?" asked the brown hair lad.
Sammy hesitated.
"This was a lot of fun, so let's keep it as a great memory, okay?" she said. "Who knows, maybe we'll run into each other again."
"Fuck yeah," blurted the blond.
Sammy stood in front of them for a second, a small grin on her lips. She ran her hands over her curves, pushing her tits together, pulling at her nipples.
She placed a foot on the couch, on the side of the seated young dudes, exposing her pink pussy fully. Her hands drifted down, her fingers pulling her sex open, playing in the wet folds.
"Just remember this next time you jerk off.." she said, her voice low.
And with that she turned away, leaving the two young men with raging erections.
She helped Carol to her feet, grabbed the crumpled sarong, and waved goodbye to everyone.
The sun was a shock after the subdued red light inside the dome. The walk back was not a walk of shame, hardly. Sammy had a big grin on her face, her body tingling. Part of her wanted to fuck those boys, but another part felt more powerful now. Her sexual pleasure was hers, not something she had to share. The looks she got as she walked back to the camp, still naked, streaks of wet dust on her thighs, sent little electric bolts from nipples to clit.
Carol...well Carol was trying to walk normally. She had tied her sarong back around her neck, more by habit than anything. She felt utterly relaxed, exhausted physically but her mind racing. She felt slightly frightened that all she could think about was going back there. She could have taken more, had wanted more. She took a deep breath to try to calm herself. There would be other occasions. And anyway her pussy was sore and needed a break.
They arrived at the camp just as Anne And Sarah were bicycling back to camp. Anne was topless, her big heavy breasts swinging as she pedaled. What looked suspiciously like traces of cum were splattered across them.
"What have you been up to?" Asked Sarah as she dismounted from her bike. Of the four of them she was the only one who looked fresh and clean. No trace of sperm on her.
Carol launched excitedly on a retelling of their morning adventure as they walked into the shelter of their camp.
Sammy thought about pancakes. It was time for breakfast and she had developed an appetite. They had all day ahead of them, plenty of time for more fun.