This is the second installment of Frank and Liz from "Her Halloween Fantasy Reality"
*
Hi, Its me, Frank, again. You may remember my telling you about Liz's and my Halloween. Well this is what happened this Christmas season.
Having found out that exhibition, not just the thought of it, really turned her on, Liz decided to show her body at the next dinner/orgy.
Liz's pubic hair had grown out by now. She decided to trim it to a new shape now that she had something to work with. Of course she didn't tell me anything about her decision. She just sprang it on me at the party. I would get to see it when everyone else did.
We were invited to a Christmas party at some friends. The same ones who hosted the adult Halloween party. Their Christmas parties pretty much all seemed to end up similarly. An orgy. Later after dinner and some drinks were consumed.
Liz had been to the beauty parlor earlier and came in looking spectacular. Well I mean even more spectacular since I think she always look spectacular. (I know you are reading this Liz. And I swear it's true!)
Liz wore a nice green dress. Short and curve hugging with some cleavage showing. It really emphasized her figure in a good way. What I didn't know was that she was going commando. No panties so she could flash people easily.
The party was great. We had hors d'oeuvres and drinks before sitting down to a large dinner. It was quite a spread. I was seated across from Liz. I should mention that the table was long and not too wide. Well part way through dinner, Liz slipped one of her feet out of her high heels and all of a sudden I felt her foot in my crotch. She began playing with my cock. Soon I was hard and trying not to show my arousal to my fellow diners. Liz kept it up for about five minutes and then stopped.
After I calmed down, I thought turn about is fair play. So I slipped my foot out of my shoe and returned the favor and put my foot in Liz's crotch. Liz laughed at the expression on my face when I felt with my foot that she was commando and had shaved her pubes into a new shape. I could not feel enough of the new shape she had trimmed her bush into to figure out what it was.
"If you are good, Frank. I will give you an early Christmas present and show you."
After dinner, as the evening wore on. More drinks were consumed and the atmosphere was getting quite relaxed, if you know what I mean. Sexy talk, lots of groping and flashing. You know. The stuff that happens with a room full of horny people who have had too much to drink while waiting for the orgy to begin.
Liz was flashing a number of the guys. Hell she even flashed a bunch of very appreciative women. She flashed me a lot. I was having trouble waiting for the orgy to begin so I could do Liz. I mean she had me so horny!
The start of the orgy was announced and Liz stood up, put her hands up in the air, twirled around then unzipped her dress and let it fall. She was naked underneath. But what caught everyone's attention was her pubic hair. She had had them trim it into a large candy cane shape and bleached and dyed it into the traditional red and white stripes.
Let me tell you that sure got everyone's attention and a lot of comments, and both men and women came over to get a real close look. And I do mean real close.
When I got my chance, I could smell Liz's arousal and her labia were all puffed up and red from her arousal and she was dripping so much there was a long stream of it running down the insides of her legs. I guess the arousal of being so closely examined by so many had done it to her. I also knew that I was in for some real hot sex, real soon.
She was so hot and horny that she really wore me out. Her on top, me on top, doggie style, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl and a bunch of other positions. And in between orgasms when I would get soft I would go down on her if she wasn't riding my face. I don't know how many orgasms she had. I seemed like she was orgasming almost constantly.
At one point, while she was riding my face, several women gathered around and forced her to drink some punch to keep hydrated. We attracted quite an audience with her performance.
When she was finally satisfied. She sat on the sofa in the afterglow and recovered with a couple of the women looking after her. I was sprawled in one of the easy chairs recovering. A lot, who am I kidding, almost all the guys, came over and congratulated me on my prowess for being able to make Liz come so much. They said they wished they could get their wives and girlfriends to respond like that.
I had to tell them that it was all Liz. I was just hanging on for dear life on that ride!
Liz was the hit of the party and the talk of our friends for months.
"Liz?"
Well the next day she had recovered and we sat around the kitchen table talking about the party. Liz was recounting how turned on she got when everyone got their faces right up in her crotch to examine her shaped pubes. She was quite happy about how it turned out. Well, I have to admit, so was I. But what got me was what she said next.
"I'm going to let my bush grow out again after Christmas. I wonder what shape I can trim it to for Valentine's Day?"
End