Traci heard the text ding on her phone and knew it was another one...
'Traci: You were amazing at the club and you're in my head to stay. I have to be with you again. Say yes, please. I'll meet you anywhere! - Dave'
***
Pete and Traci poured over the Slut Wife Club contract, looking for loopholes and responsibilities they hadn't bargained for. Surely, they would find where Robert had constructed a personal benefit to satisfy his desire for Traci but they could not. They were hesitant to have an attorney look at it because of the nature of the club.
But Pete decided to take a gamble on a former college classmate who went on to law school after their undergrad. Pete occasionally ran into Sammy downtown and asked him to lunch to test the waters of Sammy's acceptance of their kinky lifestyle. It was going to be tricky and potentially embarrassing but Pete didn't trust Robert.
At lunch, under the guise of kicking around old times, Pete went fishing...
"So, Sammy, I would guess that you see everything as a lawyer. You know, like personal habits and all sorts of stuff. Things that need legal attention but are maybe embarrassing to explain to most people?"
"Oh ya, I've seen just about one of everything. It's my job to give them what they hire me for, not to judge them. Now I can refuse to take their business but I take most things. Why do you ask?"
"I have one of those things at the moment and I'm having a hard time disclosing it to someone because they won't understand and, you know, it's just awkward. There is such a thing as attorney-client confidentiality, right?"
"Yes, if you hire me, yes."
"Okay, I can't mess around with this anymore. Consider me on the clock."
"Sorry, I'm at lunch...just kidding. Alright, we're now officially consulting and you're my client. Whatcha got?"
"I've got a contract for Traci's services and by extension, myself, for a club we belong to."
"Wait, you don't mean that sophomore that every guy was drooling over in college do you?"
"Yes."
"You married Traci?!"
"Yes, I married Traci, now can we get on with it?"
"Sure...you lucky dog."
"You know, I'm a bit uncomfortable showing you this..I'm sorry I even brought it up. I wasted your time." Pete got up and headed for the exit. "Send me a bill."
"Wait, Pete, I'm sorry, it's just that Traci was all any guy could talk about and that includes me. I didn't mean to be disrespectful."
Pete stopped in his tracks. "No, Sammy, it's my fault. I'm overly sensitive about what we're into and I can't even seek help when I need it."
"Pete, sit down and let's start over, client to attorney. Look, you can trust me with whatever you've got and I'm guessing that's why you came to me. You do the talking and I'll listen unless you ask my opinion."
Calmed down, Pete put the contract on the table. "I'm sorry too, Sammy. I'm in uncharted territory and I need your expertise. (Long exhale) Traci and I are in a club, a sex club called the Slut Wife Club and we really love it. Like minded members attend 'events' and couples are encouraged to mingle and husbands ultimately share their wives with other men and, of course, men connect with the wives.
"Needless to say, Traci's an in-demand star at our local and now the national club president wants Traci as their poster girl and she becomes the advertising face of the club. I brought the contract for you to look over to make sure we're not being taken advantage of."
"O....kay............you've given me a lot to consider when I'm looking over the contract. I'll read it carefully this afternoon and give you my professional opinion. No charge. I'll only admit to not understanding where you guys are coming from but my personal opinion is not relevant to the contract so, that said, I'll call you later today. By the way, lunch is on me."
They shook hands and went their own way but Pete couldn't help feeling like a freak. This wasn't how 'normal' people handled their sexuality although the more he thought about it the more he wondered if the mainstream wasn't missing out on a great time. He knew for certainty that given the opportunity Sammy would take a run at Traci any day of the week. He decided there was no high ground here just different choices so why did he feel like a perv?
At about 4pm Sammy called Pete's cell and gave him the legal two cents. "It's all a pretty standard contract for services rendered. However, there are a few things to be wary of and I wouldn't sign unless these were rewritten or deleted. I guess the primary point is the fact that if you, Pete, can't make one of the out of town events then this Robert guy can replace you with a stand-in."
"Ya, we know, that's because Traci needs to be married to even be in the club."
"But you should be aware that once you miss an event, you're out. From then on Robert decides who the husband is and he also gains complete control over her itinerary, meaning Traci is under his authority. It's cleverly written but after that you're out."
"Yes, out for that event..."
"No, you're essentially out of the promotional visits altogether. Robert takes over Traci's contractual obligations."
"What the fuck?"
"What the fuck, indeed. And furthermore, he decides how many promotional trips she has to make to fulfill her obligation. He could have her gone nearly all the time if he wanted."
"But that's why we insisted on an opt-out clause. If things were not going right for us then we just leave and he retains the pictures that were already taken."
"It's easy to miss in the legalese but your opt-out clause has one major flaw. It requires the signatures of both parties, so if Robert doesn't sign off then there's no opt-out. If you want out and he doesn't want you to then all he has to do is not sign off. On the other hand, if he doesn't want Traci anymore it only requires his signature."
"Now I get what his wife was saying..."
"What?"
"Never mind. Could you send me an amended contact and I'll get that to Robert the day before the photo shoot and say we won't sign the photo release or anything until the contract is agreed to."
"I'll do that and one better, I'll go to the photo shoot as your representative and make sure everything is right before the first picture is taken."
"I appreciate the help but why do I think you're offering this just to see Traci?"
"Okay, I'll admit to some of that but you guys need protection going into this."
"So basically I'm hiring a snake to protect me from a snake."
Sammy laughed the laugh of truth and Pete now had a rep at the photo shoot.
***
Noon on Wednesday, Traci brought several sexy outfits and various mix and match lingerie. They set up a changing room for her and after meeting the photographer, AJ, who looked like he wanted to eat her for lunch, they readied the first shots.
"We'll start with fully clothed sexy," said AJ, "and move our way to the nudes and finally the girl/guy shots."
"Girl/guy shots?" said Pete, "I thought these were just pics of Traci?"
Robert interjected, "Ya Pete, but part of our campaign will be ads on all the major porn sites and those guys want to see a little more. On the porn sites we'll run banner ads that will take the interested party to our website where their boners can see what they're missing.
"I guarantee you there are a lot of antsy slut wives dying to take dick and seeing the magnificent Traci will have their husbands signing up."
"Ya, I guess so...Sammy?"
"As long as he adheres to the contract, I'd assume he's right about the marketing."
Traci came out in a skimpy outfit and the shoot began with AJ firing away and directing her at the same time. "C'mon, doll, show me how much you want it." The camera never stopped.
"Yes, Traci!, make them want to fuck you, girl. You're fucking hot, babe!!"
Traci got lost in his direction and, to Pete, it tapped into her exhibitionist side and she was gone. He realized how perfect she was for this ad campaign.
"Spread your legs...c'mon, give me the money shot! Oh ya!!!"
Sammy had receded into the background because his hard-on had become too obvious in the lights. His dick asked his ethical brain, 'is this a conflict of interest?' Traci was everything he remembered in his dorm room, only this time there would be more.
The lingerie/nude portion of the shoot was so hot Sammy had to take a couple breathers outside the studio to refrain from cumming in his pants. As an exhibitionist, Traci had little competition. She had the body and knew what to do with it. AJ didn't need to do much other than encourage her with compliments.
"That's it, sexy. Oh, fuck, Traci, yes. Hold your tits, girl...tongue out."
"Pete," directed AJ, "stand next to her like you're handing her to another man. I need a few shots of you sharing your hotwife. Robert, why don't you act as the recipient of Traci's talents."
It was clumsy from the start but Traci seemed to put everyone in the mood. "Yes, yes, yes. Now Pete, hold her hand and look like you're enjoying the view and Robert, kiss Traci with lotsa tongue. Oh fuck, yes. Very hot."
AJ announced everyone was taking a break, back in 30. Pete went to see Traci in the changing room. "How're you doing, babe?"
"Fantastic, honey. God I love posing in front of a camera. I should have been a model."
"Well now you are a model! You're so good at this, babe, it's amazing."
He gave her a kiss and went back out to the snakes. AJ asked to speak with Pete.
AJ was enthusiastic. "Okay, she is doing great and we've got a lot to choose from. She's a natural! Now for the guy/girl shots Robert offered to play opposite to Traci in the sex acts."
"I'm sure he did," said a sarcastic Pete.
"Again, you'll be in some of the shots offering Traci to Robert and then watching Robert fuck her in various positions. You might even want to jerk off or be aroused somehow."
"Okay..."
"There's one more thing. Robert wanted to ask and this would be on the website only. He wants to shoot a full sex video with himself doing Traci and you watching. Then we'd bring a couple more guys in and gangbang her. What do you think?"
"No, we set this up for stills only and it was Traci who didn't want to do videos right now."
"Can you ask her? She's so excited that she might go for it."
"I'll talk to her but I need Sammy in the discussion as well."
As he approached the dressing room he could hear Robert's voice. "...you should think about it," and he passed Pete at the door.
"So he already asked you?"
"Yes. I don't know."
After a brief conversation with Robert, Sammy knocked on the door and sat down to explain the legal part of the request.
"Well, as it stands, there's nothing in the contract addressing this offer and what they might do with the video so I'd say don't do it until a contract is addressed and you're comfortable with the deal. They want to sell streaming views to guys who want more of Traci, whether they sign up for the club or not."
"Alright, then, for now it's a no with the door open for negotiation. Good, Sammy?"
"Yes, I'll let them know."
After Sammy was gone Pete lamented that, "We're going to have to watch that guy because he always wants something for nothing from you."
"You're right but I have to say, the video sounded fun. I know I was against selling our video to them but today I must be in the mood. I'm like under a spell or something."
"I know, you're excited, baby. The lights and everyone watching you. You're a born performer."
AJ stuck his head in, "We're ready Traci."
Pete noticed a second photographer. "To cover more angles," explained AJ.
Pete stayed in all the shots but Robert went about fucking Traci as if no one were around. AJ and the second photographer, Derek, circled them like vultures, trying to get the steamiest shots.
"Fuck her hard, Robert," AJ called out, "That's it, drill that pussy. Let your head fall back, Traci."
The shoot ended with Robert giving her a messy facial, ribbons of his cum over her eye and dripping from her chin which AJ got a close up of.
Sammy stood in the back in disbelief that Pete shared his wife like that. The one thing he did know was he'd give anything to be fucking Traci himself.
As they wrapped up the shoot, Robert announced that all present were invited to Saturday night's event, "On the house. And our first ads will go up Friday so keep an eye out."
Traci came out of the dressing room to applause. She curtsied and they left.
On the way home Pete started to deconstruct the photo shoot with Traci and then stopped talking, realizing that she was still in the glow of what she clearly loved doing. For him to expose the nuts and bolts was to harsh her high. All he said was Robert invited everyone for Saturday night including the photographers and Sammy, "for god's sake."
"Do you think he'll come?" she asked, a little too eagerly for his sensibilities.
"I don't know. He's dating this new girl but who knows?"
***
On Friday, Pete went to one of the major porn sites and, sure as shit, there was the banner ad right below the site header. It had a half naked shot of Traci supposedly saying, "If your wife is a hungry slut like I am you need to bring her to Slut Wife Club! Mmmmmm."
He clicked through the banner and there were details on how to join the nearest club and a hot-link to the fuck pictures with Robert, free to view if you joined.
He heard her yell from the other room, "Oh my god, there I am!"
At close to the same time, Pete got a text from Robert going bonkers over the early response to the ads. 'The applications have out paced our ability to process them. I've got you guys on a flight out the week after next!!!'
Pete wasn't sure what he had helped unleash but her excitement filled him with happiness, he loved her so.
***
Getting ready for the Saturday night event Pete reminded her of Robert's invitations at the photo shoot so, "don't be surprised if the photographers are hitting on you although I doubt we'll be seeing Sammy since he's been dating a new girl and I'd bet money that wouldn't be something she'd be into."
And as sound a thought as that might be, when they arrived there was Sammy and his date already in the ballroom. Technically they weren't married but this was by special invitation from the CEO so everything was okay and, besides, Sammy's girlfriend was a major league looker so it wasn't a shocker that Robert was already sniffing around her.
Traci's usual grand entrance was only altered slightly when everything stopped and Robert announced on the DJ's microphone that Traci had arrived. Everyone cheered and her ego took another giant leap forward knowing every able cock and half the pussies in the room wanted to 'personally' congratulate her. She was immediately surrounded and all the regulars wanted a piece of the new celebrity.
Pete took Sammy aside, "Do you really want to be bringing a date here? These guys will declare her fair game."
"I know but I made the mistake of showing her Traci's spread in an effort to get her turned on and it worked alright. I got in deeper when she found out I was invited. I tried to tell her it was only business but she wanted to come."
"Does she understand the premise of the club?!"
"Yes! She even said, 'Let's join when we get married! It sounds like slutty fun!'"
"You know, Sammy, you think you have a fair understanding of people but, no. I don't know anything about anybody. I even told Traci you wouldn't show up and here you are with your girlfriend."
"Well I do have one confession, Pete. I dated Traci a couple times in school...and to be honest I fell in love with her but it wasn't returned so I gave up. After that photo shoot the other day wild horses couldn't have kept me away from tonight."
***
"Traci, can I tear you away from your admirers for a second?" Moving with her to the side, AJ continued, "Don't we have some unfinished business?"
"Like what?"
"Well you know that the photographer always asks the model for some nude shots and then tries to fuck her. It's tradition," he said laughing. "Now since we've already got the pictures that only leaves one thing."
"What if the model says no?"
"Well I can't say that hasn't happened but in your case I think you're interested in what I've got in my pants. Your husband didn't bring you here for no reason."
"Ah, that's true," she said, getting closer to him. "You must have been envious watching Robert fuck me like that."
"I wanted to toss the camera away and do you, and Derek felt the same way. We went for drinks after the shoot and all we could talk about was you."
"I'm flattered. Care for a drink at the bar?"
"Sure...mind if Derek joins us?"
Derek was already at the bar, guarding two seats with his coat draped across them. Traci quickly sized up the situation that AJ was doing the reconnoissance. She thought AJ was cute as soon as they met and Derek wasn't far behind so the idea of getting tag teamed by the two of them was an attractive one. Even so she thought teasing them might be fun.
They sat down, each of them flanking her. "Traci, honey," said Derek, "that shoot was a massive turn on. You're one of the hottest girls I've ever seen in my life."
Brandon brought their drinks. "Brandon, these are the photographers who did the fuck shots with Robert. I'm sure you've seen them."
"Oh ya, I saw them. I couldn't stop drooling on my laptop. If you have time later? Please, Traci?"
"I'll try, baby. Right now I've got a couple studs who think they're going to fuck me tonight."
"You know you want it, Traci," said AJ, "and I think Derek and I could handle you quite nicely"
Traci put her hands on each of their packages, "Um, I don't know, they need to get a little bigger to satisfy a girl like me."
"I wouldn't worry about that," said Derek, putting his hand over hers.
"It does seem to be getting bigger," she teased. "Would you boys like to dance?"
"Sure, baby," said an eager AJ, getting hornier by the minute.
On the dance floor she had AJ in front of her and Derek behind her, their grinding more closely resembling foreplay than dance. She could feel their hard-ons growing and their hands fondling her. All of this made her increasingly wet.
AJ reached beneath her skirt, then he leaned into her ear. "We're gonna spit roast you right here, slut." The lights and the dirty talk made her want them more and she let them take her clothes off, tossing them in a pile next to the bar until she danced with only stockings and heels. Traci squatted down and went about getting their pants off and their dicks in her mouth.
The other dancers moved around them like a single organism, some touching them in motion, lost in the music. Their dicks, good and hard, Derek entered her honey-hole and AJ put his cock between her ruby red lips.
"Fuck me, you bastards!" she yelled over the music.
Energy suddenly swelled from the voyeurs who wanted a piece of her. She felt their groping and desperate lust for their poster girl and lost herself in the sensory overload. The three of them didn't even realize how much the mob had become a part of their dance floor debauchery. It had morphed from a threesome into a full on gangbang that was so relentless that all she could do was fuck and cum over and over. She loved it and feared its size. The men bent her over doggy on the end of the bar and every cock in the ballroom wanted to experience her delights and for many it was the first time. They fucked her like an assembly line, leaving their cum calling card anywhere on her back there was virgin space and a lot that was not.
Pete sat at the bar and watched the magnificent parade to use her. It was like a '60's happening. AJ and Derek just stood back and shook their heads as they lost control of Traci.
And on their knees, a few wives were sucking their spouse's erections, like on a porn shoot, keeping them hard to fuck the celebrity poster girl.
Robert slid in next to Pete at the bar. "Never seen a girl take that much cock...She's really something...That body of hers is unbelievable...I could fuck that slut all day long...I'd be surprised if hotel guests don't start getting in line..."
"Robert?" said Pete cutting him off.
"Hm?"
"Shut up."
As the line eventually receded Sammy approached Pete, sheepishly with his head slightly down. "Because I'm being respectful of our relationship I didn't get in line."
"But you wanted to, right?"
"Yes, but only if it's okay with you."
"Well, because every dick in the room has been in her and because she seemed to perk up at the thought of you being here..."
"She did?"
"Yes, so because of that you have my blessings. But if I were you I'd take her to one of the sofas. It's more comfortable."
Sammy, with a shit eating grin on his face, headed for Traci. Brandon was nearly finished wiping the mass of cum off her backside with the wet bar towel. "Traci," Sammy said carefully, "do you have time for me? Pete said it's alright."
She inched closer to him, still naked, "Oh he did did he? I remember the first time you fucked me in the dorm bunk...how much I liked it. I'm ready for more, baby."
Sammy, taking Pete's advice, hauled Traci off to a far sofa and went about his business.
Pete, not being without his own motivation, turned his attention towards Sammy's date but couldn't find her. She was the source of his focus from the moment he saw her. It was only weird in that she was single.
He scoured the entire ballroom for her. "Hi," she said, standing right behind him, "I'm Joey," she said offering her hand.
Somewhat startled, Pete turned in his barstool, "Oh, hi!"
"We're you looking for me?"
"No, no, just people watching...you know, all the sex."
"No, I think you were looking for me."
"Why would you think that, we've never met?"
"I picked up on something the moment you came in the ballroom."
"Nothing odd about that. You're gorgeous."
"And?"
"And what?"
"And you'd like to fuck me?"
"First off, I can't believe you came to Slut Wife Club, knowing what it is, and secondly, you're so honestly blunt. And, yes, I want to fuck you."
"Well we're thinking the same thing then." Pete's cock stiffened. "Where's Traci?" she asked.
"If you look way down the ballroom, that's her getting hammered by your date."
"Ahhhhh, I expected that listening to him talk about her."
"You seem to know what people are going to do before they do."
She kissed him. "It's a gift. I know you're going to fuck me right over there," she said, pointing at the sofa.
Pete led her to the sofa and as he sat down she said, "Can I entertain you?"
"Absolutely," as he let go of her hand.
She stripped and she did it so skillfully he had the urge to jump her before she had finished. As the performance concluded she revealed her shaved pussy and started to finger herself.
As she did so he took off his clothes and went down on her.
After a good half hour or so, Joey, and Traci at the other end of the room, climaxed at nearly the same time.
***
On the way home Traci's text alert sound went off twice. After the second Pete asked who it was. She told him it was one of the girls wanting to do lunch. She hated herself for lying to him as she read the texts silently but things were getting messy with no one to blame but herself.
'Traci: I desperately need to have you again. Isabel stopped our going to SWC but I can't stop thinking about you. I want you. - Dave'
She did the only thing she could think to do. She hit delete.